Authorities are searching for a 14-year-old boy and a 62-year-old woman missing in Grand Canyon National Park after they were swept down a creek while crossing it in a remote part of the park.
Chief Ranger Matt Vandzura of the National Park Service says two fellow hikers alerted authorities by setting off an emergency GPS locator beacon in the backcountry area below the canyon's North Rim.
He says the two lost their footing and were swept away Saturday in Tapeats Creek, a tributary of the Colorado River.
Vandzura declined to identify the missing, the other hikers or their relationship to each other.
An investigation is underway but authorities have not concluded how the two were swept away.
A helicopter and a drone on Monday were assisting searchers on the ground.
NEW YORK — Pop star Madonna has lost her battle to prevent an auction of her personal items, including a love letter from her ex-boyfriend, the late rapper Tupac Shakur, a pair of worn panties and a hairbrush containing her hair.
Last year, a judge ordered Gotta Have It! Collectibles to pull the items from its impending rock ‘n' roll-themed auction after the Material Girl sought an emergency court order.
In a decision revealed Monday, the judge dismissed the case on grounds the statute of limitations to recover the items had passed.
The auction house told The New York Times it had done due diligence on the items and was confident Madonna had no claim.
The company says the auction will be in July.
Starting bid for the Tupac letter is $100,000.
——
Information from: The New York Times, http://www.nytimes.com
MONTE CARLO, Monaco (AP) Tomas Berdych needed two hours and three sets to overcome strong resistance from Russian qualifier Andrey Kuznetsov and reach the second round of the Monte Carlo Masters on Monday.
Berdych, a runner-up at the Country Club two years ago, converted only two of his 11 break points and rallied Kuznetsov 4-6, 6-3, 6-4. Berdych made the decisive break in the third game of the decider with a backhand winner down the line.
All six seeded players in action at the first big clay-court event of the season progressed to the second round: No. 12 Robert Bautista Agut, No. 13 Pablo Carreno Busta, No. 14 Alexander Zverev, No. 15 Albert Ramos-Vinolas, and No. 16 Pablo Cuevas.
Widely regarded as one of the most promising youngsters on the tour, the 19-year-old Zverev secured a convincing 6-1, 6-2 win over Italian veteran Andreas Seppi.
”I like playing on clay,” Zverev said. ”It's the surface I grew up on.”
Zverev will next be up against either Feliciano Lopez or Daniil Medvedev.
Novak Djokovic, who has been drawn in the same half of the draw as nine-time champion Rafael Nadal, will start his campaign on Tuesday against Gilles Simon of France. Djokovic has been struggling with injuries and recently withdrew from the Miami Masters with a right elbow complaint.
”The elbow is fine now,” Djokovic said. ”I've been training for the past couple of weeks, playing Davis Cup, and making the transition to clay that's very demanding for the body. I was skeptical of how my elbow would react to the heavy balls on clay, but it's been good so far.”
The wedding bouquet of Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, lies on the grave of the unknown warrior in Westminster Abbey on April 30, 2011 in London, England. (Photo by Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images)
I think it's fair to say most brides like to hold onto their wedding bouquet, or at least part of it, after the big day is over, but in the British royal family, there's another protocol.
After the wedding between Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon, the future Queen Elizabeth, and the Duke of York, who was later known as King George VI, the wedding bouquet was left at the grave of the Unknown Warrior at Westminster Abbey.
Lady Elizabeth, whom we all came to know in 1952 as Queen Mother, left the bouquet in memory of her brother, Fergus, a young officer who was killed on the Western Front in 1915, during World War I.
What is the grave of the Unknown Warrior?
So, it all started when a man, the Rev. David Railton, who was serving as a chaplain during the war, noticed a grave in a garden in Armentieres. This was 1916, for reference. But sitting in the garden was a handmade cross with the words "An unknown British soldier" penciled in. The then-dean of Westminster, Herbert Ryle, got a letter from Railton four years later, suggesting those killed in the war -- and whose bodies were never found -- should be remembered.
Great idea, right? The dean must have thought so, too, because that same year, the bodies of four unknown British servicemen were exhumed from four different battlegrounds before being taken to a chapel at St. Pol on Nov. 7, 1920. The general officer in charge of troops in France and Flanders, Brigadier Gen. L.J. Wyatt, and Col. Gell, went into the chapel alone and hand-picked one of those officers before placing him in a plain coffin and sealing it. The other bodies were reburied.
[MORE: Find all things royal HERE | How to throw the ultimate royal wedding watch-party | What was on menu at previous royal weddings? | Quiz: Meghan Markle and her majesty -- are they really that different?]
The soldier's coffin was taken by train to Victoria Station in London, where, on a gun carriage drawn by six black horses, it began its journey down crowd-lined streets to the Nave at Westminster Abbey.
The body was buried on Nov. 11, 1920, with -- get this -- soil from France that King George V himself was sprinkling over the coffin as it was being lowered into the ground. Then, the grave was filled with 100 sandbags of earth from WWI battlefields.
A year later, the grave was covered by a slab of black Belgian marble from a quarry near Namur, with an inscription Ryle had composed.
In the week after being laid to rest, it is said that more than 1.2 million people visited that unknown warrior's grave. Did you know that today it is still one of the most visited grave sites in the world?
Since Lady Elizabeth put her wedding bouquet on the grave in 1923 as a mark of respect, so have all royal brides married in the Abbey since, including, most recently, the Duchess of Cambridge, Catherine "Kate" Middleton.
Although Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have chosen to marry at St. George's Chapel at Windsor, it is expected that Markle will send her bouquet to the grave of the Unknown Warrior, just as Sophie Rhys-Jones, who married Prince Edward at St. George's Chapel in 1999, did.
Graham Media Group 2018
TORONTO (AP) – Josh Donaldson homered for the second consecutive game, Nick Tepesch won for the first time in almost three years and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the slumping Tampa Bay Rays 2-1 on Monday night.
The last-place Blue Jays have won 10 of 14 at home.
Wilson Ramos homered to provide the only run for the offense-starved Rays, who lost their fourth straight. Tampa Bay arrived in Toronto on the heels of a 2-7 homestand in which they totaled 11 runs and were shut out five times during an eight-game span.
Tepesch (1-2) had not won since Sept. 16, 2014, when he beat Oakland while pitching for Texas. The right-hander allowed one run and four hits, giving way to Aaron Loup after the first two batters reached safely in the seventh inning.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
DiGenova has strongly touted Trump's claim that the Russia investigation is tainted by bias, with the lawyer telling Fox News in January that there is a secret "brazen plot" by the FBI to "illegally exonerate Hillary Clinton and, if she didn't win the election, to then frame Donald Trump with a falsely created crime."
"The motive would be that they didn't like Donald Trump, they didn't think that he was fit to be president, and they were going to do everything within their power to exonerate Hillary Clinton, and if she lost to frame Donald Trump with a false crime, because they didn't think he should be president," diGenova told the network at the time.
The news comes as Mueller was directly targeted by Trump, who called out the special counsel by name for the first time on Twitter over the weekend and on Monday.
The president characterized Mueller's Russia investigation as a "WITCH HUNT!” and said the probe "should never have been started" because it was "based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign."
DiGenova declined to comment. His addition to Trump's legal team was first reported by The New York Times.
WASHINGTON — The Latest on diplomacy between the United States and North Korea (all times local):
2:50 p.m.
A North Korean official has arrived in New York for talks with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo ahead of what the White House says is an “expected” summit between President Donald Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong-un.
Kim Yong Chol is a former military intelligence chief and one of the North Korean leader's most trusted aides. He is the highest-level representative from the North to set foot in the United States since 2000.
South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported that Kim landed shortly after 2 p.m. on an Air China flight from Beijing. Associated Press journalists saw the plane touch down at New York's JFK International Airport and the North Korean delegation get off the plane.
The visit comes ahead of a summit planned for June 12, which Trump cancelled but now says may take place after all.
The final episode in the BBC1 series called on viewers to help reduce plastic waste
The final episode of Blue Planet II took an unflinching look at the impact of human activity on marine life, with David Attenborough delivering a powerful rallying call to do more to protect the environment.
Advertisement
“The future of all life now depends on us,” the BBC naturalist said in his closing speech – watch the message below in full.
The episode, which depicted albatross parents unwittingly feeding their chicks plastic and mother dolphins potentially exposing their new-born calves to pollutants through their contaminated milk, shocked viewers watching at home.
Watching blue planet and am horrified at what plastic in the sea is doing to our marine life – we MUST start to do something about it!!!! — Robin Windsor (@Robinwindsor) December 10, 2017
“Hi, I'm David Attenborough. On tonight's special episode of Blue Planet II, I'll be finding dead marine animals, ones you love like penguins and turtles, turning to camera and saying: Look at this. Look at what you did, you little human shits.” pic.twitter.com/KSf4d72zKt — James Felton (@JimMFelton) December 10, 2017
never using a plastic bag ever again #blueplanet — beth (@bethdianax) December 10, 2017
Dear world… Do you mind if Sir David Attenborough takes control for a bit? Just to get things back on track. #blueplanet — Greg Rutherford (@GregJRutherford) December 10, 2017
Every single person should be watching this episode of Blue Planet 2 tonight and the damage humans are doing😢this should be played in school to educate how much damage we are actually doing to the planet and poor animals — TRG (@TaylzoGallagher) December 10, 2017
I genuinely have a hate for humanity when I watch blue planet 2 #blueplanet #blueplanet2 #SaveOurPlanet — David Barker (@David_Barker1) December 10, 2017
How people can watch that last episode of Blue Planet and still profusely deny that:
– climate change is real and happening right now
– the human race is causing it
– all individuals have a responsibility to combat it
Is absolutely disgusting. Step Up. — Joe (@jweston_) December 10, 2017
If you can watch Blue Planet and not feel totally heartbroken there's something seriously wrong with you.. We're destroying these beautiful animals and their habitats😣🐬🐠🐟😓 — Gem. (@GemmaMaclellan) December 10, 2017
Blue Planet 2 on TV…I'm nearly crying….my God we must do something about plastics in our oceans — Lynn Hartley (@LynnHartley7) December 10, 2017
Many others pointed to areas where individuals and corporations could be doing more to save the environment.
Really don't see why we shouldn't discontinue the use of plastic bags all together #BluePlanet — Olivia Pagdin (@ORPagdin) December 10, 2017
If you've been moved by Blue Planet 2 and – like me – want to know how to help, here's a start. 🐬🐠🐟🐙🦑🦐🦀🐡🦈🐋🐳 pic.twitter.com/QHUFTqCfn0 — Holly Smale (@HolSmale) December 10, 2017
A whale with a bucket caught in its mouth… In our oceans there are 1 million pieces of plastic per every square mile, killing albatross, dolphins and ultimately our food chain #blueplanet.
What can we do? Stop buying single-use bottled drinks, coffee cups, cutlery etc — Suzanne Campbell (@campbellsuz) December 10, 2017
Some sad, eye-opening scenes on Blue Planet II tonight. Let's all try to reduce the amount of plastic we buy, and throw away, myself included 🌏 — Owen Middleton (@OwenMiiddleton) December 10, 2017
I hope every person watching Blue Planet makes even the smallest changes to try and reduce their plastic usage. Even the smallest changes make a big difference. — Kimmy Mac (@littlekimmy) December 10, 2017
Advertisement
Now, let's just hope all of this talk translates into action. For their part, BBC Earth's Twitter account have shared a list of eight simple ways to help protect the environment. Check them out below.
Justin Pawlak (aka JTP) has been a staple in the grassroots and professional drifting scene since the beginning. He got his start in rotary-powered Mazda RX-7s before making the switch to a Ford V8 to power his pro career. Justin is unlike any other driver in that he has a key role in the building and maintaining of his car. That's not to say that other drivers don't, but JTP's involvement goes beyond what many racing drivers across all disciplines make the time for.
He's hands-on in the designing, engineering, fabricating, and assembly phases of his Ford Mustang competition car. The steering angle kit that provides him with 74-degrees of lock-to-lock control, his rear mounted radiator, bash-bars, wiring, and the fully TIG-welded roll cage with once piece gussets, JTP has done it all. There are a few items that are out of his wheelhouse, but it's safe to say that he is involved with all aspects of his race team year-round.
Yesterday, he unveiled his car's new livery for the 2018 Formula Drift Season, which begins its journey on the Streets of Long Beach California. The design is a throwback to a livery he sported from 2010 to 2014 before going to a dark grey and red accented scheme we've seen for a few years. A particular feature of the car that stands out is the 2018 body-style. At first one could assume that it is a 2018 Mustang, however, it is only the 2018 front bumper, kitted out in Roush features, attached to last year's competition car via the 2018-style removable core support.
The body of the car, less the roof, is made of carbon fiber, while the windows are Lexan. This was done to ensure the most amount of weight saving as possible. JTP estimates that his car weighs in at about 3000lbs- incredibly light for a modern pony car. This is even more substantial when considering that the standard GT model on a dealer lot weighs 3705 lbs.
Though the drivetrain components are fairly similar to last season, we'll give you the quick rundown anyway.
Engine:
Ford Performance Aluminator Coyote Crate engine.
2.3L Roush Supercharger
Cooks long tube headers
Radium fuel system running E85
1700cc fuel injectors
This is all good for 1000hp out of an engine that has a Ford part number and an off-the-shelf supercharger (which has been on this engine for 3 years).
Factory ECU and Painless wiring.
Transmission:
Andrew's Products A431 four-speed dog box
Driveshaft Shop one-piece aluminum driveshaft and nine-inch rear-end.
Exedy twin-disc clutch
Rave Gears
Suspension:
Factory electric steering rack
KW Coilovers
Ford Performance rear sub-frame bushing kit
Hometown Fabrication custom suspension with custom knuckles and lower control arms to allow for 74-degrees of steering angle.
Interior/Chassis:
TIG-welded FD-legal roll-cage with once piece gussets for added rigidity.
All seams were stich welded to reduce chassis-flex
Gutted factory dash.
Justin truly embodies the spirit of a hot rodder in a 21st Century motorsport. His motivation to build his car with parts that anyone can buy, and take part in so much of the building of his racecar, is reminiscent of how the weekend warriors of the ‘60s and ‘70s raced their drag cars. To see more details of the car and get some insight into JTPs building process, check out the video below.
STARS
Passing
-Matt Ryan, Falcons, was 27 for 36 for 331 yards and four touchdown passes in Atlanta's 38-32 win over New Orleans.
-Tom Brady, Patriots, finished 25for 33 for 276 yards and three touchdowns in New England's 35-14 win over Miami. Brady finished the regular season with 28 touchdown passes and two interceptions, the best touchdown/interception ratio in NFL history. Brady has 51 games with at least three touchdown passes and no interceptions, tying Peyton Manning for the most in league history. Brady increased his total to 61,582 to surpass Hall of Famer Dan Marino for fourth place on the NFL's career list.
-Landry Jones, Steelers, was 24 for 37 for 277 yards with three touchdown passes and an interception in Pittsburgh's 27-24 overtime win over Cleveland.
-Sam Bradford, Vikings, finished 25 for 33 for 250 yards and three touchdowns and an interception. Bradford completed 395 of 552 passes for a 71.6 percent completion rate this season, the highest single-season mark in NFL history, surpassing Drew Brees' mark of 71.2 percent in 2011.
—
Rushing
-Isaiah Crowell, Browns, had 19 carries for a career-high 152 yards in Cleveland's 27-24 overtime loss to Pittsburgh.
-Jordan Howard, Bears, had 23 carries for 135 yards in Chicago's 38-10 loss to Minnesota.
-Corey Grant, Jaguars, had 18 carries for 122 yards and a touchdown in Jacksonville's 24-20 loss to Indianapolis.
-Bilal Powell, Jets, had 22 carries for 122 yards in New York's 30-10 win over Buffalo.
-Rex Burkhead, Bengals, had 27 carries for 119 yards and two touchdowns in Cincinnati's 27-10 win over Baltimore.
—
Receiving
-Michael Thomas, Saints, had 10 receptions for 156 yards and a touchdown in New Orleans' 38-32 loss to Atlanta.
-Julian Edelman, Patriots, had eight catches for 151 yards, including a 77-yard touchdown, in New England's 35-14 win over Miami.
-Zach Ertz, Eagles, had 13 catches for 139 yards and two touchdowns in Philadelphia's 27-13 win over Dallas.
-DeAndre Hopkins, Texans, finished with seven receptions for 123 yards in Houston's 24-17 loss to Tennessee.
-Kyle Rudolph, Vikings, had 11 catches for 117 yards and a touchdown in Minnesota's 38-10 win over Chicago.
-Dennis Pitta, Ravens, had 11 catches for 91 yards in Baltimore's 27-10 loss to Cincinnati.
—
Special Teams
-Tyreek Hill, Chiefs, returned a punt 95 yards for a touchdown in Kansas City's 37-27 win over San Diego.
-Doug Middleton, Jets, recovered a kickoff in the end zone for a touchdown in New York's 30-10 win over Buffalo.
-Steven Hauschka, Seahawks, was 4 for 4 on field goals in Seattle's 25-23 win over San Francisco.
—
Defense
-Justin Bethel and Markus Golden, Cardinals. Bethel returned an interception 66 yards for a touchdown and Golden had 2+ sacks and a forced fumble in Arizona's 44-6 win over Los Angeles.
-DaQuan Jones and Jurrell Casey, Titans. Jones recovered a fumble for a touchdown and Casey had two sacks in Tennessee's 24-17 win over Houston.
-Brent Grimes and Lavonte David, Buccaneers. Grimes returned an interception 31 yards for a touchdown and David had two sacks in Tampa Bay's 17-16 win over Carolina.
-Jahleel Addae, Chargers, returned an interception 90 yards for a touchdown in San Diego's 37-27 loss to Kansas City.
-Everson Griffen, Vikings, returned a fumble 20 yards for a touchdown in Minnesota's 38-10 win over Chicago.
-Joel Heath, Texans, had two sacks in Houston's 24-17 loss to Tennessee.
-Malik Jackson, Jaguars, had two sacks in Jacksonville's 24-20 loss to Indianapolis.
-Bobby Wagner, Seahawks, had two sacks in Seattle's 25-23 win over San Francisco.
—
ROUGH DAY FOR COACHES
Three more teams are dealing with coaching changes after Sunday's games. The San Diego Chargers fired coach Mike McCoy. He was 27-37 in four seasons, with the Chargers having lost 23 of their past 32 games. They've also lost 13 of their past 14 AFC West games going back to late in the 2014 season. Also in the AFC West, Gary Kubiak informed his players in an emotional postgame locker room after the Broncos' 24-6 win over the Raiders that he's stepping away for health reasons. And the San Francisco 49ers fired coach Chip Kelly and general manager Trent Baalke in the latest overhaul for a franchise that has fallen from perennial Super Bowl contender to the bottom of the standings in three seasons.
—
STREAKS & STATS
Bills running back Reggie Bush finished the season with 12 carries for minus-3 yards, becoming the first NFL running back to have negative yards rushing with 10 or more carries. He had no carries against the Jets. … The Chicago Bears (3-13) finished the season with a 38-10 loss to the Vikings. It was their most losses in a season since 1969. … The 49ers lost the Seahawks 25-23. The defeat capped a awful season for the 49ers (2-14), who matched the franchise record for losses in a season previously reached in 1978, `79 and 2004. … The Rams ended their return season in LA with a seven-game losing streak and a 4-12 record. … The Bucs snapped a two-game losing streak with a 17-16 win over Carolina to finish with their first winning record since 2010. … The Titans beat the Texans 24-17 to finish 9-7, their first winning season since 2011. With their six-win improvement from going 3-13 in 2015, the Titans matched the biggest one-year turnaround in franchise history, previously set in 1967 and 1974. … New Orleans' Drew Brees passed for 350 yards and two touchdowns against Atlanta. Bree has 5,208 passing yards this season, the fourth-highest single-season passing total in NFL history. Brees, who also had 5,000 passing yards in 2008, 2011, 2012 and 2013, has five of the NFL's nine all-time 5,000-yard passing seasons and is the only quarterback in NFL history to pass for at least 5,000 yards in multiple seasons. Brees' 471 completions this season also set an NFL record. … Atlanta's Matt Ryan completed 373 of 534 passes (69.9 percent) for 4,944 yards with 38 touchdowns and seven interceptions for a 117.1 passer rating, the fifth-highest single-season passer rating in NFL history. … Tampa Bay quarterback Jameis Winston passed for 202 yards and a touchdown in the Buccaneers' 17-16 win over Carolina. Winston, who passed for 4,042 yards as a rookie last season, finished this season with a career-high 4,090 passing yards. He is the first player in NFL history to have at least 4,000 passing yards in each of his first two seasons. Winston has 50 touchdown passes and is the fifth player in league history to throw at least 50 touchdown passes in his first two seasons.
—
MILESTONES
Chargers tight end Antonio Gates tied Tony Gonzalez for the most touchdown catches in NFL history by a tight end with 111 after a 2-yard TD catch in San Diego's 37-27 loss to Kansas City. … Dallas rookie quarterback Dak Prescott finished the regular season with a 104.9 passer rating and surpassed Robert Griffin III (102.4 in 2012) for the highest single-season passer rating by a rookie quarterback in NFL history. … Cowboys rookie running back Ezekiel Elliott leads the league with 1,631 rushing yards. Elliott, who has the third-highest rushing total by a rookie in NFL history, would be the fifth rookie since 1970 to lead the league in rushing yards and the first since Edgerrin James (1,553 yards) in 1999. … Colts running back Frank Gore added to his stellar season by running 16 times for 62 yards, giving him 1,026 this season. He became the fourth player in league history to rush for 1,000 yards at age 33 or older and the oldest since 35-year-old John Riggins did it in 1984. Gore is 33. Gore also joins Hall of Famers Emmitt Smith, Curtis Martin, Walter Payton and Barry Sanders as the only players in NFL history with nine or more 1,000-yard seasons. He ended the Colts' eight-year drought without a 1,000-yard rusher. Joseph Addai was the most recent Colts' player to achieve it in 2007. .. Jordan Howard, the lone bright spot for the Bears, rushed for 135 yards on 23 carries to break Matt Forte's franchise rookie record and finish with 1,313 yards for the season. … New England became the ninth team since 1972 to go undefeated on the road during the regular season after its 35-14 win over Miami. … The Bengals' Andy Dalton topped 4,000 yards passing for the second time in his career, finishing with 4,206. The other time was 2013, when he set a club record with 4,293 yards. … Baltimore's Justin Tucker had a 30-yard field goal, his 38th of the season, matching his club record. Only two kickers have made 40 field goals in a season: David Akers and Neil Rackers. … Baltimore's Joe Flacco finished with 4,276 yards, topping Vinny Testaverde's club record of 4,177 yards in 1996.
—
SIDELINED
Houston quarterback Tom Savage was sidelined with a concussion in a 24-17 loss at Tennessee, forcing Brock Osweiler back onto the field for the AFC South champions. Savage started the regular-season finale, left in the second quarter to be evaluated for a concussion and was cleared. He took the final snap of the first half, and O'Brien told team radio that Savage would play in the second half. But Savage was diagnosed with a concussion after being re-evaluated at halftime. … QB Matt McGloin left Oakland's 24-6 loss at Denver because of a left shoulder injury. The Raiders also lost safety Nate Allen, who left the game and was evaluated for a concussion. … Broncos receiver Emmanuel Sanders hurt his foot in the first quarter and didn't return. More concerning, special teamer Zaire Anderson was strapped to a backboard and carted off the field after being injured on punt coverage in the third quarter. Team officials said Anderson was taken to a local hospital for evaluation and has movement in his arms and legs. … Arizona running back David Johnson ended his season finale on the sideline and with a brace on his left knee. … Atlanta Falcons rookie safety Keanu Neal and New Orleans Saints receiver Willie Snead both left with possible concussions after a collision in the fourth quarter.
—
SPEAKING
”You don't come out and lose and like that. That right there was just disgusting, it was despicable. … That right there, it's not football.” – Redskins cornerback Josh Norman after his team was eliminated from the playoffs with a 19-10 loss to the Giants.
—
”You just don't want it to end, but to be in position to say goodbye to the fans and the teammates the way they did, I can't ask for anything more. I was extremely nervous, like more than usual for some reason. I guess for obvious reasons.” – Colts linebacker Robert Mathis said after playing his last game.
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) - Prosecutors dropped a capital murder charge against a Texas man accused in the death of his 2-year-old daughter after investigators learned her then-5-year-old brother said he caused her death, authorities said Thursday.
Anthony Michael Sanders, 33, was accused of smothering his daughter, Ellie Mae, at their home in the Fort Worth suburb of Watauga in 2015. Investigators believed Sanders held his hand over her mouth, possibly out of anger for interrupting his computer games.
Jailed since April 2016, Sanders denied responsibility. He said he found his daughter not breathing after his son reported she wouldn't wake up.
Prosecutors learned in August that the boy, now 7, told his mother he was responsible, the Fort Worth Star-Telegram reported . She didn't believe her son but decided to tell authorities about the claim. Investigators say the boy cried as he told them that he accidentally rolled a heavy pillow onto his sister's face while they played and that he was unable to move it. He said the pillow had something zipped inside that made it heavy.
At one point the child told investigators that he hadn't told anyone else about the circumstances of the death because he was "afraid that he would get in trouble."
Court records indicate the boy made a reference during a counseling session a year or two ago that he "killed his sister," but the counselor didn't address the statement and the boy wasn't asked why he said it.
Tim Moore, Sanders' defense attorney, said his client was "elated" that the charge was dismissed.
"He has denied it from the beginning," Moore said.
An arrest warrant affidavit had stated the girl had bruises on her body and other injuries, but Moore said Sanders isn't responsible and will not face any new charges.
A spokeswoman with the Tarrant County district attorney's office said that prosecutors won't discuss the dismissal of the capital murder charge or other aspects of the case at this time.
An official with the Tarrant County medical examiner's office said it was possible for a 5-year-old to overpower a 2-year-old and that the boy's claim that he smothered his sister with a pillow could not be disproven, according to a court filing.
___
Information from: Fort Worth Star-Telegram, http://www.star-telegram.com
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
SANTIAGO, Chile — Chile's Supreme Court has approved a transgender person's request to change their name and registered gender without reassignment surgery.
Chile's judiciary announced Wednesday that the top court had decided to strike down an earlier ruling by an appeals court in the capital. The statement from the judiciary did not provide the person's name.
A bill that would give adults the right to change the gender listed on their official records has stalled in Congress. The measure is facing challenges from the Roman Catholic Church.
Conservative lawmakers say they would approve the bill as long as it excludes underage minors and teenagers.
Lorena Lorca, a law professor who led the case, said the ruling is historic because it adheres to international human rights principles that allow judges to make the change.
Police in Ellendale are looking for a man wanted in Sussex County. Police say Lewis Townsend is wanted for criminal impersonation and driving while suspended. If you have information on his whereabouts – contact Ellendale Police or Crime Stoppers.
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. — Nominees for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards, announced Monday in Beverly Hills, California, by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association:
MOTION PICTURE
–Picture, Drama: “Call Me By Your Name,” “Dunkirk,” “The Post,” The Shape of Water” and “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.”
–Picture, Musical or Comedy: “The Disaster Artist,” “Get Out,” “The Greatest Showman,” “Lady Bird” and “I, Tonya.”
–Director: Guillermo Del Toro, “The Shape of Water,” Martin McDonagh, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri,” Christopher Nolan, “Dunkirk,” Ridley Scott, “All the Money in the World,” Steven Spielberg, “The Post.”
–Actress, Drama: Jessica Chastain, “Molly's Game,” Sally Hawkins, “The Shape of Water,” France McDormand, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missiouri,” Meryl Streep, “The Post,” Michelle Williams, “All the Money in the World.”
–Actor, Drama: Timothee Chalamet, “Call Me by Your Name,” Daniel Day-Lewis, “Phantom Thread,” Tom Hanks, “The Post,” Gary Oldman, “Darkest Hour.”
–Actress, Musical or Comedy: Judi Dench, “Victoria & Abdul,” Helen Mirren, “The Leisure Seeker,” Margot Robbie, “I, Tonya,” Saoirse Ronan, “Lady Bird,” Emma Stone,” Battle of the Sexes.”
–Actor, Musical or Comedy: Steve Carell, “Battle of the Sexes,” Ansel Elgort, “Baby Driver,” James Franco, “The Disaster Artist,” Hugh Jackman, “The Greatest Showman,” Daniel Kaluuya, “Get Out.”
–Foreign Language: “A Fantastic Woman,” “First They Killed My Father,” “In the Fade,” “Loveless” and “The Square.”
–Animated Film: “The Boss Baby,” “The Breadwinner,” “Coco,” “Ferdinand,” “Loving Vincent.”
–Supporting Actress: Mary J. Blige, “Mudbound,” Hong Chau, “Downsizing,” Allison Janney, “I, Tonya,” Laurie Metcalf, “Lady Bird,” “Octavia Spencer, “The Shape of Water.”
–Supporting Actor: Willem Dafoe, “The Florida Project,” Armie Hammer, “Call Me by Your Name,” Richard Jenkins, “The Shape of Water,” Christopher Plummer, “All the Money in the World,” Sam Rockwell, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.”
–Screenplay: Guillermo del Toro, Vanessa Taylor, “The Shape of Water,” Greta Gerwig, “Lady Bird,” Liz Hannah, Josh Singer, “The Post,” Martin McDonagh, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri,” Aaron Sorkin, “Molly's Game.”
–Original Score: Carter Burwell, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri,” Alexandre Desplat, “The Shape of Water,” Jonny Greenwood, “Phantom Thread,” John Williams, “The Post,” Hans Zimmer, “Dunkirk.”
–Original Song: “Home,” from “Ferdinand,” music by Nick Jonas, Justin Tranter, Nick Monson, lyrics by Nick Jonas, Justin Tranter; “Mighty River,” from “Mudbound,” music by Raphael Saadiq, lyrics by Mary J. Blige, Raphael Saadiq, Taura Stinson; “Remember Me,” from “Coco,” music by Kristen Anderson-Lopez, Robert Lopez, lyrics by Kristen Anderson-Lopez, Robert Lopez; “The Star,” from “The Star,” music by Mariah Carey, Marc Shaiman, lyrics by Mariah Carey, Marc Shaiman; “This is Me,” from “The Greatest Showman,” music by Benj Pasek, Justin Paul, lyrics by Benj Pasek, Justin Paul.
TELEVISION
–Series, Drama: “The Crown,” “The Handmaid's Tale,” “This Is Us,” “Stranger Things” and “Game of Thrones.”
–Series, Musical or Comedy: “black-ish,” “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel,” “Master of None,” “SMILF,” “Will & Grace.”
–Movie or Limited Series: “Big Little Lies,” “Fargo,” “Feud: Bette and Joan,” “The Sinner,” “Top of the Lake: China Girl.”
–Actress, Drama: Caitriona Balfe, “Outlander,” Claire Foy, “The Crown,” Maggie Gyllenhaal, “The Deuce,” Katherine Langford, “13 Reasons Why,” Elisabeth Moss, “The Handmaid's Tale.”
–Actor, Drama: Jason Bateman, “Ozark,” Sterling K. Brown, “This is Us,” Freddie Highmore, “The Good Doctor,” Bob Odenkirk, “Better Call Saul,” Live Schreiber, “Ray Donovan.”
–Actor, Movie or Limited Series: Robert De Niro, “The Wizard of Lies.” Jude Law, “The Young Pope,” Kyle MacLachlan, “Twin Peaks,” Ewan McGregor, “Fargo,” Geoffrey Rush, “Genius.”
–Actress, Movie or Limited Series: Jessica Biel, “The Sinner,” Nicole Kidman, “Big Little Lies,” Jessica Lange, “Feud: Bette and Joan,” Susan Sarandon, “Feud: Bette and Joan,” Reese Witherspoon, “Big Little Lies.”
–Actress, Musical or Comedy: Pamela Adlon, “Better Things,” Alison Brie, “Glow,” Rachel Brosnahan, “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel,” Issa Rae, “Insecure,” Frankie Shaw, “SMILF.”
— Actor, Musical or Comedy: Anthony Anderson, “black-ish,” Aziz Ansari, “Master of None,” Kevin Bacon, “I Love Dick,” William H. Macy, “Shameless,” Eric McCormack, “Will & Grace.”
–Supporting Actress, Series, Limited Series or TV Movie: Laura Dern, “Big Little Lies,” Ann Dowd, “The Handmaid's Tale,” Chrissy Metz, “This is Us,” Michelle Pfeiffer, “The Wizard of Lies,” Shailene Woodley, “Big Little Lies.”
–Supporting Actor, Series, Limited Series or TV Movie: David Harbour, “Stranger Things,” “Alfred Molina, “Feud: Bette and Joan,” Christian Slater, “Mr. Robot,” Alexander Skarsgard, “Big Little Lies,” David Thewlis, “Fargo.”
Chester Coogle is accused of trying to drive his vehicle over a Hardin County Sheriffl's Office sergeant. (Source: Hardin County Sheriff's Office)
HARDIN COUNTY, KY (WAVE) - A Kentucky man accused of trying to kill a police sergeant is now behind bars.
>> MUGSHOTS: April 2017 Roundup
Chester Coogle, 29, drove his vehicle at a Hardin County Sheriff's Office Sergeant who was on foot, investigators said.
The officer got out of the way in time.
Coogle was indicted on a charge of attempted murder last month, and was arrested Sunday.
He's facing a long list of charges, and is being held at the Hardin County Detention Center on $100,000 bond.
ALSO ON WAVE3.COM
+ Woman charged with murdering husband
+ 2 women charged with murder in double shooting
+ Homicide victim dropped off at hospital identified
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
BOCA RATON, Fla. (AP) — Police say they've identified a body found behind a South Florida restaurant as that of an 18-year-old Lynn University student from New Jersey.
Local news outlets are reporting that security and cleaning workers found Shayan Mortazavi's body behind a Boca Raton restaurant early Saturday morning.
Boca Raton police told reporters that Mortazavi's injuries were consistent with a fall, but they've offered no other details. Authorities say an autopsy will determine the cause of death.
University officials said in a statement that Mortazavi was from Franklin Lakes, New Jersey, and was a freshman who had expressed an interest in film and journalism.
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
>> MORE TOP STORIES
Disgruntled BJP leader Shatrughan Sinha on Thursday yet again backed party veteran L.K. Advani as the most deserving candidate for the post of President of India, saying he was physically fit and has the ability to ‘understand the complexity of the Constitution'.
In a series of tweets, Sinha said, “What Advaniji has, is the ability to understand the complexity of the Constitution and to take the right decision when needed without getting influenced by anyone, in the larger interest of the nation.”
Sinha's remarks came as a three-member BJP committee is to meet Congress President Sonia Gandhi and other opposition leaders to evolve a consensus for next President of the country.
Sinha also said that Advani, who is 89, is ‘physically fit' for the post and no one has come out against his candidature.
“No one is able to speak anything, be it from within or outside d party…no voice coming out against Advani's candidature.
“Advaniji is much more healthy and energetic than any of the young leaders. He has kept himself maintained so that he can take responsibility of the country,” Sinha said.
Sinha has been sidelined in the party after Narendra Modi became Prime Minister of the country. He was also not inducted into Modi's council of ministers though he has claimed of long association with the BJP, since the time when the party had two members in the Lok Sabha.
His proximity to Advani is said to be one of the reasons for being sidelined in the BJP.
During the Bihar Assembly polls, Sinha had spoken in favour of JD-U President and Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar. He does not enjoy good relations with Bihar BJP leaders, including former Deputy Chief Minister Sushil Kumar Modi.
Sinha had on Tuesday described Advani as ‘Pitamah' of the BJP, saying that he most richly deserves to be President of the country.
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico — As Puerto Rico deals with a lack of power, food and drinking water in the wake of Hurricane Maria, residents are also in dire need of another commodity: Cold hard cash.
And that means what little other resources are available often can't be purchased by those in need.
“The cash is running out, for a lot of us,” said San Juan resident Monica Morales by phone on Thursday.
Morales said people were waiting on hours-long lines at any ATMs that happened to be open in the hopes of taking out money.
“There's a lot of tension, it's hard to find water and food right now and we still don't have any supermarkets open near us,” she said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Thousands of Containers Sit Idle at San Juan Port 2:36 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Morales said security was beefed up at the banks that were running, but in the days after the storm she heard stories of people robbing those who were able to take out cash.
She said her own cash was running very low, and though she had financial support from her family on the mainland there was no way to access it without internet and power.
People wait in a long line at a bank aftermath of Hurricane Maria on Sept. 25 in San Juan, Puerto Rico. Joe Raedle / Getty Images
“They sent me money through PayPal, but I don't have access to internet to be able to make that transaction,” said Morales, 48. “I'm actually in the middle of this predicament because my cash is running low and I have the money via PayPal but I need the means to do that transfer.”
The New York branch of the Federal Reserve, whose jurisdiction encompasses Puerto Rico, said Wednesday that they are preparing to "meet any sustained elevated currency demand in the future.‎"
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed In Devastated Rural Puerto Rico, Aid Still Hard to Come By 1:28 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"Demand for cash is extraordinarily high right now, and will evolve as depository institutions regain power, armored car services are able to reach branches, and ATMs are once again active," the New York Fed said in a statement on Puerto Rico. "‎We are coordinating with local and national authorities to monitor the situation on the ground very closely, and are actively preparing to meet any sustained elevated currency demand in the future."
Photos: Powerless Puerto Rico Struggles to Recover Post Maria
Hurricane Maria, which came nipping on the heels or Hurricane Irma, knocked out power to the entire island and officials have said it could take months for the territory to recover.
A relief plane tips backward after a 2,000-pound pallet of water was loaded in the back at Fort Lauderdale, Florida's Executive Airport early on Sept. 28. The relief mission run by the nonprofit Wings of Rescue has been flying daily to Puerto Rico to drop off supplies and evacuate animals. NIcholas Brown / Reuters
Lt. Gen. Jeffrey Buchanan was expected to arrive in Puerto Rico Thursday evening to help with hurricane relief efforts, according to a military official.
Buchanan will be the Joint Force Land Component Commander, according to the official, meaning he will be Department of Defense's lead in working with the Federal Emergency Management Agency on identifying needs and providing military assistance and assets.
Puerto Rico is devastated. Phone system, electric grid many roads, gone. FEMA and First Responders are amazing. Governor said "great job!" — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 29, 2017
Acting Secretary of Homeland Security Elaine Duke is expected to travel to Puerto Rico Friday with other senior administration officials and meet with local officials to reserve recovery efforts, the Department of Homeland Security said in a statement Thursday afternoon.
Duke has been in contact with Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rosselló throughout response and recovery efforts, the statement said.
"The top priority of the federal government is continuing to provide life safety and life sustaining resources to Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands," the statement said.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Thursday the government has sent emergency cash shipments to the island.
“We've been very involved in figuring out how we can get major amounts of cash to Puerto Rico,” he said at a Washington ideas forum. “I can tell you we've made two giant cash shipments and in times like this we want to make sure that ... people have cash and the economy continues to function."
But locals said the devastation was crushing the daily economy, with many businesses lacking power and the ability to take credit cards as payment. Others are unable to return to work to make money as their employers have yet to reopen.
Surgical technician Dilma Gonzalez told the Associated Press said she had only $40 in cash left and her job hasn't called people back to work yet in the capital. “Until they let us know otherwise, I'm not supposed to go back,” she said with a shrug.
People wait in line to withdraw cash at a bank in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, in San Juan, Puerto Rico on Sept. 27, 2017. Gerald Herbert / AP
FEMA has reached out to all of Puerto Rico's 78 municipalities “and delivered some commodities to all of them,” John Rabin, FEMA Region II acting regional administrator, said during a teleconference Thursday afternoon.
FEMA said on its website Thursday that it has “provided millions of meals and millions of liters of water to Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands. Additional meals and water continue to arrive to the islands daily.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Acting DHS Secretary: Focus on Distribution to 'Last Mile' in Puerto Rico 1:42 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Meanwhile, the White House announced Thursday that it had temporarily waived the Jones Act — a nearly century-old shipping law many have said is hampering relief efforts in hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico.
“At @ricardorossello request, @POTUS has authorized the Jones Act be waived for Puerto Rico. It will go into effect immediately,” the White House press secretary, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, tweeted Thursday morning.
The acting Homeland Security secretary, Elaine Duke, confirmed the move, saying that the temporary waiver will last for 10 days and covers all products being shipped to Puerto Rico.
Officials both in Puerto Rico and on the U.S. mainland had been calling on the administration to waive the act.
Related: Nearly Half of Puerto Rico Lacks Clean Drinking Water
But as the island's residents continued to grow desperate for basic necessities, thousands of containers for local communities are sitting in Puerto Rico's ports.
“Overall in the ports of Puerto Rico there are over 9,500 containers” full of necessary supplies, Jose Ayala, vice president of Puerto Rico services at Crowley Maritime Corporation, told MSNBC on Thursday.
More than 3,000 are in the port of San Juan alone, he said.
Ayala said the island's myriad of issues, ranging from communications problems, damaged roads, people unable to make it to their places of work, low diesel were creating a distribution crisis.
Alejandro De La Campa, director of FEMA's Caribbean Area Division, stressed during the teleconference Thursday that these goods referred to commodities already in ports that local entities and business were not able to access because of complications from the hurricane.
“All FEMA commodities are moving as we receive them, they are being deployed to the distribution centers as we receive them. They are being deployed,” he said, adding that “not a single trailer” from FEMA of other federal responders were being held at Puerto Rico's ports or airports.
Mariana Atencio reported from San Juan, Puerto Rico, and Daniella Silva reported from New York City.
OTTAWA — The federal government says the Canadian public broadly supports the tight regulations it has proposed for marijuana packaging, which will include a bright red stop sign emblazoned with a pot leaf and the letters THC.
Health Canada unveiled the results Monday of a 60-day consultation around its proposed regulations, in which it emphasized a focus on reducing the appeal of marijuana to youth and preventing accidental consumption.
The proposed regulations would require logos to be a single colour, with no metallic or fluorescent finishes. Packages would have to be opaque and child-resistant, with a bright yellow health warning similar to those used on tobacco products.
“We are taking a public health approach to legalizing and regulating cannabis, and we are committed to keeping cannabis out of the hands of children and youth,” Health Minister Ginette Petitpas Taylor said in a statement.
“Measures such as the packaging and labelling requirements announced today will help to achieve this goal.”
Packaging would also have to describe how much active ingredient is contained in the product, including THC and cannabidiol.
Cannabis legislation is currently before Parliament and none of the regulations are final until approved by legislators. Once approved, the restrictions will apply immediately to recreational marijuana, while a Health Canada official says medical marijuana packaging will be granted a six-month window to comply.
The consultation received more than 3,200 online submissions and 450 written responses, as well as input from health and law enforcement experts, governments, patient advocates and industry representatives.
Health Canada also proposed two new categories of small-scale producers — micro-cultivators and micro-processors — where lower-level security requirements would apply to businesses that grow or process smaller amounts of marijuana.
Micro-cultivators would be allowed to grow marijuana with a plant canopy of 200 square metres, which Health Canada described as equivalent to half the space between the blue lines on a standard Canadian hockey rink.
Legislation to legalize recreational marijuana is currently before the Senate, with the federal government hoping to see it passed and given royal assent by early July.
Despite the fact backpacking takes people from the comforts of their home and onto a trail for days on end, this pastime doesn't have to be synonymous with sleeping uncomfortably on the ground. Instead of waking up with an aching back and worrying about every last stone or tree root while setting up camp, a proper sleeping pad offers backpackers a better way to catch a few Zs.
By focusing on the perfect harmony of comfort, warmth, and packability, today's backpacking sleeping pads are capable of making anyone forget about their typical at-home bed — no matter how far into the woods their adventure takes them. As the evolution of air pads advances, sleeping in the backcountry becomes more and more luxurious. Here are our top picks for the best backpacking sleeping pads you can buy, so that you can wake up in the woods feeling like you just rolled out of bed (well, almost).
The best overall
Therm-a-Rest NeoAir XTherm ($200) The Therm-a-Rest NeoAir XTherm boasts the best warmth to weight ratio on the market, ideal for 4-season backpacking. The XTherm features the trademark NeoAir internal baffling in addition to powerful ThermaCapture technology. Similar to many closed-cell foam pads, bivy sacks, and emergency blankets, a silver lining reflects your body heat, making for an insanely warm 5.7 R-Value. When inflated, this pad measures 2.5 inches in width, providing plenty of comfort and back support. The regular length packs down to a small size, weighing just 15 ounces — this also includes a repair kit and stuff sack. Even after weeks of continuous use on uneven ground, this pad showed no signs of puncturing, making for high durability marks in addition to comfort, warmth, and weight. If you can cough up the change for the warmest and most luxurious backpacking-appropriate pad available, the XTherm is the way to go. Buy it now from: REI Amazon The best pick for ultralight backpacking
Therm-a-Rest NeoAir XLite ($130) Just because you're counting ounces doesn't mean you have to sacrifice comfort. The NeoAir XLite is baffled and includes a heat-reflective layer similar to the XTherm but lacks just slightly in terms of warmth, boasting an R-value of 3.2. Still ideal for three-season backpacking and coveted by minimalists on thru-hikes, this pad packs down to an incredibly small size and weighs just 12 ounces. When inflated, the XLite measures 2.5 inches in length — like its XTherm kin — ensuring you'll sleep soundly. However, this pad trails the competition in terms of its durability. The 30-denier bottom is prone to puncturing if you're not careful where you lay it down — though this does tend to be standard practice among ultralight gear. The good news? A repair kit is included, as well as a stuff sack. Buy it now from: REI Amazon The best on the budget (inflatable)
REI Co-op Flash Insulated ($100) If you're on a budget but insist on investing in an air pad, the REI Co-op Flash is incredibly comfortable, warm, and packable for its affordable price tag — true to REI style. This pad features 2-inch thick baffling combined with a Mylar reflective layer which keeps you warm all night. It's 3.7 R-Value makes it warmer than our ultralight pick and its tapered mummy shape is desirable, matching that of most backpacking sleeping bags while also cutting down on weight and volume. The best feature? The Flash is extremely easy to inflate and deflate compared to its competitors, offering two dedicated flat valves. At 15 ounces, it's also lightweight and packable. Durability is this pad's biggest downside, however, highlighted by 30-denier fabric that's prone to puncturing. Be sure to purchase a repair kit, as one is not included. Also, with just two inches of total thickness, the Flash is slightly less comfortable than the Therm-a-Rest models above but for its price and features, this product is hard to beat. Buy it now from: REI The best on the budget (closed-cell foam)
Therm-a-Rest Ridge Rest SOLite ($30) While the explosion of inflatable air pads completely changed the backcountry experience, some backpackers still prefer closed-cell foam — and it remains the most affordable version to buy. If you're a fan of simplicity, you can't get more basic than the Ridge Rest. A pattern of ridges and valleys helps trap and keep warm air close to your body while an aluminized surface reflects body heat back to you. An R-Value of 2.8 makes this pad suitable for three-season backpacking conditions. The primary advantage of closed-cell foam is durability — you don't have to worry about a rock or a stick poking a hole and popping your pad. At 0.62 inches in width, the Ridge Rest won't be as comfortable as an inflatable air pad but it's still plenty warm, durable, and affordable. At 14 ounces, it's also extremely lightweight. Buy it now from: REI Amazon The most comfortable sleeping pad
Sea to Summit Comfort Light Insulated Pad ($130) If you want to sleep luxuriously, spend a night on the Sea to Summit Comfort Light Insulated Pad. Simply put, no detail was overlooked as this pick boasts a double layer of Air Sprung technology in the torso and a single layer in the head and legs. The Exkin Platinum non-woven layer reflects back body heat while the Thermolite insulation prevents any heat loss, ramping this pad's R-Value up to 4.2. 40-denier ripstop nylon serves for a bit of durability but the Comfort Light is not as puncture-resistant as our top pick, so you'll have to treat it with care. The Comfort Light measures 2.5 inches in thickness and weighs 21 ounces. While you'll have to carry more weight, the trade-off for a blissful night's sleep in the backcountry is worth every ounce — and every dollar of its price tag. Buy it now from: REI Amazon The best self-inflating pad
Therm-a-Rest Trail Pro ($100) For those who like the convenience and comfort of a self-inflating pad, Therm-a-Rest has redesigned one of its favorites to be light enough for backpacking. Integrated air cushions maintain the pad's four-season warmth while shaving weight. Lightweight foam makes for added comfort without decreasing packability and is coupled with two inches of supportive loft, offering a total R-Value of 4. The best part about a self-inflating pad is that after you set up your tent, you can just toss in your sleeping pad and by the time you're ready for bed it's nearly inflated, requiring just a few breaths of air to top it off. While most self-inflating pads are too heavy and bulky for backpacking, this one makes our list as it weighs in at just 26 ounces. Buy it now from: REI Amazon
Things to consider
Types
Our list includes at least one example of the three primary types of sleeping pads: Closed-cell foam, self-inflating, and air construction. Although air pads have taken the industry by storm, each type still has their respective place.
There are three primary types of sleeping pads: Closed-cell foam, self-inflating, and air construction.
Closed cell foam pads are the simplest pads on the market and while they're not as packable, warm, or comfortable as the more technologically advanced pads, they're durable and reliable — often favored by thru-hikers who can't risk an unrepairable puncture. Closed cell foam pads are also the most affordable.
Self-inflating pads utilize open cell foam and air inflation properties layered between two pieces of fabric. They are relatively warm and more durable than air construction pads but the addition of foam makes them less packable.
Air pads are the lightest of the three options and also compress down to the smallest size. They can be extremely warm due to the thickness provided by the baffles but take much longer to inflate. If an air pad punctures in the middle of the night, you'll be left with nothing to sleep on but most models do come with a repair kit.
R-Value
When you think about warmth while backpacking, a sleeping bag is usually the first piece of equipment that comes to mind. However, a surprising amount of warmth is provided by your sleeping pad, which serves as your first line of defense between the cold ground and your body (other than your shelter, if applicable). The R-Value indicates the amount of insulation provided by your sleeping pad. By definition, R-Value means “the capacity of an insulating material to resist heat flow”.
Consider the kind of conditions you're likely to encounter while backpacking so you can determine what kind of R-Value your pad requires.
An important consideration here is the type of surface you'll be sleeping on. Dirt or grass feels much warmer than rock or ice and snow often feels warmer than rock. If you're backpacking in winter and sleeping on ice, snow, or cold rock, you'll want to pick out a sleeping pad with a high R-Value. R-Values range from about 1 to 9.5, with 9.5 being the most insulated.
If you're a cold sleeper, you'll want to consider a pad with a higher R-Value, as well. Some manufacturers also give a temperature range for their products but R-Value is the standard measurement you need to understand. A general rule of thumb: An R-Value of 3 or higher is generally sufficient for three-season backpacking while dedicated winter campers should look for a pad with an R-Value of 5 or higher.
Length
Not everyone is the same height, therefore sleeping pads are typically available in different lengths. Regular indicates roughly 72 inches in length, Long (made for taller people) measures around 78 inches, and Short models are about 48 inches.
Note: The Short version isn't just for shorter people but designed as a method to save weight. It's intended for use as a quarter-length pad, spanning from the shoulders to below the waist. Clothing or other accessories are meant to be used to cradle your legs while you sleep.
Accessories
Patch kits are an essential accessory if you're going to be backpacking with an air pad, in the unfortunate occurrence of a puncture or rip. Most air construction pads come with a repair kit but sometimes you'll have to purchase one separately — such as with the REI Flash. You do not want to set out on a backpacking expedition without a patch kit or you could risk sleeping on cold ground for an extended period of time.
If you dislike the process of inflating a sleeping pad, you can also consider purchasing a hand pump but remember, you'll have to carry the extra weight. The innovative Therm-A-Rest AirTap Pump Kit is a handy alternative as it turns a bag or stuff sack into its own air pump.
A medical study said that calls to poison control centers regarding loperamide, also known as Imodium, overdoses rose 71 percent in just three years. (Source: Imodium AD Site/WBAY/CNN)
GREEN BAY, WI (WBAY/CNN) - The Food and Drug Administration issued a warning this week about the anti-diarrheal medication, loperamide, also known as Imodium.
Apparently, people are taking massive doses of it, trying to get high.
Baycare Clinic emergency medicine physician Dan Gale is a bit dumbfounded over the latest attempts to get a high.
"There's no smart drug to abuse as a kid. This one's a really stupid one," Gale said.
The Medical Journal reports two people died overdosing on loperamide. Gale says most people abusing it are addicts, using it to treat severe withdrawal symptoms.
But the issue is the amount they're taking - up to 200 times the recommended dose.
"The biggest safety issue is what happens to the heart," Gale said. "It disrupts our electrical pathways in our heart. When it happens, it's like flipping a switch. It's not like you feel a little bit worse and a little bit worse and then you die. You just collapse."
While people may be buying large amounts of Imodium online, Tuesday the FDA announced it is "working with manufacturers... to limit the number of doses in a package."
The published medical study said that calls to poison control centers regarding these overdoses rose 71 percent in just three years. This warning indicates only a small number of people may be trying this to actually get a high.
"It's pretty mild. It's nothing like actual heroin or high-dose IV narcotics that people abuse," Gale said.
But in those cases, it affects more than the heart.
"That would probably cause some pretty significant constipation until it wore off, and it would take a while with those doses, like days to weeks," Gale said.
Gale emphasizes the medication is not a narcotic and is perfectly safe as long as people take the recommended dose.
Copyright 2018 WBAY via CNN. All rights reserved.
TORONTO — Outgoing U.S. Soccer Federation President Sunil Gulati says a 2026 World Cup hosted by Canada, Mexico and the U.S. would financially be “by far the most successful” in tournament history.
Speaking alongside his fellow federation presidents and bid committee executive director John Kristick in advance of the MLS Cup in Toronto, Gulati said Saturday the continent's existing stadium infrastructure and sponsorship potential could break revenue records.
“We believe that between the size of the stadiums, which obviously impacts attendance, the level of hospitality available at stadiums, which affects revenue, and the commercial opportunities that are available to FIFA, this will be by far the most successful financial World Cup,” Gulati said. “And it's probably a pretty good time for that to happen for FIFA.”
The federation representing North and Central America and the Caribbean has not hosted the World Cup since it was played at nine U.S. venues in 1994. The region is the leading contender for 2026, when soccer's premier event expands from 32 nations to 48.
FIFA barred Europe and Asia from entering the 2026 race because they will have hosted the previous two tournaments. South American soccer leaders are hoping to host a centenary World Cup in 2030, and bidding experts privately say Africa is not a realistic option now.
Morocco is the only other bidder competing for 2026, and the deadline for entrants has passed. The completed bid must be submitted to FIFA in mid-March. FIFA members will vote for the 2026 host at the 2018 World Cup in Russia in June.
“We expect Morocco to put together a very good bid,” Gulati said. “We expect them to campaign hard. We know, as of today, that infrastructure and all of the requirements are much easier to meet in our three countries. That would have been true certainly in the two countries that are hosting the next two World Cups as well.”
In 2010, Qatar beat out the U.S. as host of the 2022 World Cup, with the 2018 tournament going to Russia. The process was discredited by corruption allegations.
Gulati is encouraged by tighter compliance — both for the bid and for FIFA — plus a public vote to determine the host.
“We are fully confident that this is a far better process than FIFA has ever had before,” he said. “That's why we're in it.”
Kristick, who was at FIFA headquarters in Zurich last week working on the bid, echoed Gulati's sentiments.
“FIFA knows the spotlight is shining very, very bright and this is something that the FIFA president is going to be judged on every step of the way,” Kristick said. “I feel much better about where we're at.”
The “United 2026” proposal calls for 60 of the tournament's 80 games to be played in the U.S., with the other two countries holding 10 each. That arrangement has been met with criticism in Mexico, which has hosted two World Cups.
Said Mexican federation president Decio de Maria: “The number 10 is going to follow me for the rest of my life.”
In October, 32 cities were selected as potential hosts, including four in Canada, three in Mexico and 25 in the United States. Final decisions on host cities would not be made until 2021, Kristick said.
Last week, Gulati said he will not seek a fourth term as federation president, a decision that came after the recent failure of the U.S. to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Among the candidates to replace Gulati in the February election are former national team players Paul Caligiuri, Eric Wynalda and Kyle Martino and former U.S. Olympic and women's World Cup goalkeeper Hope Solo.
The field also includes USSF Vice-President Carlos Cordeiro, Boston lawyer Steve Gans, New York lawyer Michael Winograd and Paul LaPointe, Northeast Conference manager of the United Premier Soccer League.
“I don't think all the candidates will get the requisite nominations,” Gulati said. “Probably some of the candidates don't have a full understanding of the job they are running for. That's probably true for almost anybody who runs for an office.”
A woman has honored the request of her former sixth-grade teacher, who, 21 years ago, asked that she be invited to her Harvard graduation someday.
Christin Gilmer, 33, had Ms. Judith Toensing present while she accepted her doctorate degree from the ivy league university. The ceremony took place last week, although Toensing requested an invitation back in 1997.
"It has been a joy to have you in class," Toensing wrote on Gilmer's report card that year. "Keep up the good work! Invite me to your Harvard graduation!"
Courtesy Christin Gilmer
Gilmer told ABC News that she kept that report card from Ms. Toensing -- her beloved educator from her years at O.C. Johnson Elementary School in Yuma, Arizona.
In April, Gilmer announced on Facebook that she'd be graduating with a doctorate in public health from Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. In it, she tagged the teachers who inspired her.
Gilmer said that Harvard soon reached out to Toensing and invited her to the graduation, all expenses paid.
"She was really excited and elated," said Gilmer, a global health professional who's been working in HIV and human rights for 15 years. "I didn't think she'd actually come. I assumed the invitation would be it. I was letting her know how important she was to me, that she passed the torch."
Courtesy Christin Gilmer
"Invite me to your Harvard graduation." In 1997, the sixth-grade teacher of Christin Gilmer, DrPH '18, left this note on her report card. Today, that teacher, Judith Toensing, was at the Harvard Chan School to watch Gilmer graduate. #HarvardChan18 #Harvard18 pic.twitter.com/H49XNviM0u — HarvardPublicHealth (@HarvardChanSPH) May 23, 2018
In her Facebook post, Gilmer thanked her family, teachers, nurses, principals, guidance counselors and more for helping her to schieve her goals.
To Toensing, she wrote the following:
"Of these many amazing heroes, I met one of these teachers in the sixth grade, Ms. Judy Toensing, who taught me about current events, global health, and human rights. She was the first person who passionately conveyed the plight of people living with HIV/AIDS to me and started me on this journey."
Gilmer continued, "In a picture I still carry around, she told me on the last day of school that year that she would see me at my Harvard graduation, and now I can finally invite her (21 years later) and try to show her how grateful I am to her and all of my teachers from pre-K - college."
Courtesy Christin Gilmer
Toensing attended Gilmer's graduation on May 23 and 24. Afterward, she attended a celebratory dinner with Gilmer's family at an Italian restaurant.
"It was a really humbling, touching and humility-inducing experience," Gilmer said. "It meant a lot to have someone there who held my hand in the early stages."
Toensing wrote on Facebook, that she "couldn't be more proud" of Gilmer.
"Congratulations Dr. Christin," Toensing commented. "I knew you when you were Dorothy with the red shoes and now you truly made it to OZ! ... Love you and thank you for letting me be a small part of your journey."
After President Donald Trump denounced "white supremacists" and "hate groups" Monday in remarks about the violence over the weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi called on the president to fire his chief strategist, Steve Bannon.
Bannon has been singled out by critics of the administration who believe his viewpoints reflect that of the so-called "alt-right," a right-wing group with ideologies often defined as promoting white nationalism. In Charlottesville, a white nationalist rally protesting the decision to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee erupted in violence Saturday, eventually leading to the death of a woman who was struck by a car driven by an alleged Nazi sympathizer into a group of counter-protesters.
"If the President is sincere about rejecting white supremacists, he should remove all doubt by firing Steve Bannon and the other alt-right white supremacist sympathizers in the White House," said Pelosi, D-Calif. in a statement Monday. The minority leader additionally described Bannon as "shameless enforcer of those un-American beliefs."
In November, upon Bannon's appointment to the White House team, Pelosi released a statement in which she called the former executive chair of the conservative news outlet Breitbart a "white nationalist" and criticized his hiring.
"Bringing Steve Bannon into the White House is an alarming signal that President-elect Trump remains committed to the hateful and divisive vision that defined his campaign," said Pelosi at the time. "There must be no sugarcoating the reality that a white nationalist has been named chief strategist for the Trump administration."
On Monday, the minority leader was one of many politicians who expressed their disappointment with Trump's delay in forcefully identifying and condemning the hate groups involved in the rally and subsequent clashes.
"It shouldn't take the President of the United States two days to summon the basic decency to condemn murder and violence by Nazis and white supremacists," she said.
Pelosi's call for Bannon's dismissal came a day after the Anti-Defamation League, an advocacy group that combats anti-Semitism, made a similar call for the White House to "terminate all staff with any ties to these extremists." Some of the white nationalists in Charlottesville were seen brandishing swastikas and making Nazi salutes.
"There is no rationale for employing people who excuse hateful rhetoric and ugly incitement," ADL CEO Jonathan A. Greenblatt said in a statement on Sunday. "They do not serve the values embodied in our Constitution nor the interests of the American people."
Bannon has previously denied that his political beliefs are racist in interviews given shortly after Trump's election victory last year.
"I'm not a white nationalist, I'm a nationalist," Bannon told The Hollywood Reporter in November, explaining that his positions have been misinterpreted and are pegged to economic policies intended to assist the "American working class."
ABC News' Benjamin Siegel contributed to this report.
The CBI on Monday filed an FIR against a dozen senior leaders of West Bengal's ruling Trinamool Congress and an IPS officer in the Narada sting footage case, raising the political temperature in the eastern state.
The opposition launched an all-out attack against the Trinamool, with the Left Front bringing out a large number of rallies demanding the resignation of the government.
However, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said mere filing of FIR does not mean the accused are guilty. “It is a political game, and has to be tackled politically,” she said.
Name in FIR doesn't mean crime is proved, political game is going on, party will fight it politically: WB CM M Banerjee on Narada sting case pic.twitter.com/PRNizMVS89 — ANI (@ANI_news) April 17, 2017
A Central Bureau of Investigation spokesperson said the list of FIR includes all 12 persons who were purportedly seen receiving money in the Narada sting operation footage. “Trinamool Congress MP Aparupa Poddar's name is also included in the list of FIR,” the spokesperson told IANS.
Among those whose names figure in the First Information Report are Trinamool vice president and Rajya Sabha member Mukul Roy, the party's Lok Sabha members Sougata Roy, Sultan Ahmed, Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar and Prasun Banerjee.
Also featuring in the list are state Ministers Subrata Mukherjee, Firhad Hakim, Suvendu Adhikari, city Mayor and Minister Sovan Chatterjee, legislator Iqbal Ahmed and former minister Madan Mitra.
IPS officer S.M.H. Mirza was the other person named in the list. He was seen in the sting footage and the Narada website claimed he described himself as a “key person who collects funds for the Trinamool Congress”.
The accused have been charged with criminal conspiracy and under various sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
“CBI conducted the Preliminary Enquiry into the said allegations expeditiously. Enquiry revealed prima facie material for registration of a Regular Case (FIR) under the charges of ciminal conspiracy to commit a crime (IPC 120B) and Section 7 and 13(2), 13(1) (a) and (d) of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. Further investigation is continuing,” a CBI press release said.
The Calcutta High Court ordered a CBI preliminary inquiry into the case exactly a month back, on March 17, and asked the federal investigation agency to submit the report within 72 hours.
The Trinamool appealed to the Supreme Court on March 21, challenging the High Court' order.
The apex court refused to interfere with the high court order, but extended the deadline for the preliminary probe to one month.
On Monday, Narada News CEO Mathew Samuel welcomed the CBI move, saying the agency's action proved that the visuals in the sting footage are not doctored and there was no conspiracy behind the sting operation.
“For these reasons they have come to the conclusion to file an FIR,” said Samuel, who had carried out the sting operation on behalf of the news portal.
The opposition tore into the ruling party.
State Congress president Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury targeted the Chief Minister for having earlier claimed that no such scandal has taken place.
“She needs to be asked whether she still feels false cases have been lodged against the Narada accused?” he asked.
Senior Communist Party of India-Marxist leader and noted lawyer Bikash Bhattacharya said the latest development was inevitable.
“This shows the big role that money plays in politics of Bengal, or entire India. We hope there will be no political interference impeding the CBI probe,” added Bhattacharya, who had fought the case for the petitioners seeking a CBI probe into the case.
State Bharatiya Janata Party President Dilip Ghosh said the filing of FIR was expected.
“People of whole West Bengal were waiting for this. The probe is proceeding in the right direction,” he said.
The controversy erupted in election-bound West Bengal in March last year when Narada News portal uploaded video footage purportedly showing the Trinamool leaders receiving money in exchange of favours to a fictitious company.
Three PILs were filed seeking a CBI probe, and the opposition went all guns blazing on the issue. But the Trinamool managed to retain power, and soon after Banerjee ordered a police probe to find out the “conspiracy” angle to the sting.
However, the Calcutta High Court ordered an interim stay on the police probe.
A boozy son who damaged his father's shed has been given a 12 month community order and must pay out £225 in fines, compensation and charges.
Chesterfield magistrates' court recently heard how Jason Tighe, 27, of Hanbury Close, Holme Hall, Chesterfield, damaged Malcolm Tighe's shed at his father's home on Station Lane, Old Whittington, Chesterfield.
Prosecuting solicitor Emma Price said the defendant visited his father after he had been drinking and had asked to borrow money but he was refused.
Mrs Price added that Tighe was banging at his father's window and was verbally abusive.
Tighe would not leave his father's home and he started picking up and smashing stone slabs and he threatened to throw them before he smashed a plastic window on the shed, according to Mrs Price.
The court heard how the defendant then sat in the middle of the garden with an iron bar which he said he was going to use when the police arrived.
Tighe pleaded guilty to causing criminal damage after the incident on July 17 and admitted failing to surrender to custody.
Defence solicitor Julie Page said Tighe had wanted to borrow money before his next benefit payment and he had lost his temper.
She added Tighe has personal issues and when things get difficult he resorts to drinking alcohol.
Tighe was sentenced on July 31 to a 12 month community order with an Alcohol Treatment Requirement and a Rehabilitation Activity Requirement. Tighe was fined £90 and must pay £50 compensation and an £85 victim surcharge. He was also given a two-year restraining order.
Oluwaseyitan: Nigeria is a Veritable Ground for Satellite, Terrestrial Operations
The Chief Technical Officer, Cezart Technologies, Mr. Olujobi Oluwaseyitan, gave some insight into fixed and mobile satellite network operations in Nigeria and the benefits to the economy. Emma Okonji brings the excerpts:
What are the core values of Cezart Technologies in relation to fixed and mobile satellite operations?
We deliver core services in fixed and mobile satellite solutions.
We are service providers and entrepreneurial managers with expertise in business development and mobile satellite telecommunications. We are into management and business development, indirect and indirect sales, sourcing and purchasing.
We provide customers with mobile satellite communications from our partners like Thuraya, Inmarsat and Iridium, and we also provide our customers with fixed satellite communications from our partners like Eutelsat, YahSat, Global Xpress, using the C-Band, Ku-Band, Ka-Band.
With successful deployments of fixed and mobile satellite solutions for varying technical demands, we consistently deliver high-quality, cost-effective and efficient communication solutions to governments, enterprise customers and international organisations. We have proven ability to improve competitive performance and generate growth by introducing strategic and tactical solutions based on analysing challenges, markets, products, people and grow opportunities.
How secured is satellite network
Satellite network is highly secured and it has been proven by experts that hacking into a satellite network is extremely difficult because signals are directly from the satellite.
What are the benefits of satellite technology to the Nigerian economy?
Every economy, including the Nigerian economy, needs communication in every location where human beings thrive, but in situations where terrestrial network is difficult to deploy, then satellite network will play a vital role in ensuring communication flow even in the remotest area of the economy. The military for instance, can operate from any zone, but when there is no terrestrial communication link, then satellite technology becomes inevitable for communication flow. It is for this reason that Cezart Technologies plays a strong role in the fixed and mobile satellite network service offerings in Nigeria.
What are your target market strategies in providing terrestrial and satellite network services?
Our choice of target markets is strategic and we assume that it reflects our strengths and weaknesses. We are not selling to the self-reliant users, because they buy equipment as appliances based on features and price. Instead, we are selling to the service-seeking users whose needs match our strengths and weaknesses.
Regarding the small business segment, we are looking for the type of small businesses that appreciate our value-added services enough to pay for them, but aren't big enough to have experts in-house on payroll or staff.
How does Cezart Technologies play prominently in fixed satellite services, when mobile broadband is fast driving mobile technology across globe?
Despite the service offerings of mobile broadband in driving 4G LTE technology for the terrestrial network, the fixed satellite service that we also offer in addition to mobile satellite services, operates with the V-SAT technology, using the KU Band, C Band and the KA Band to provide fixed satellite services. The KA Band offers unlimited bandwidth and it is cost effective.
How is competition driving the fixed and and mobile satellite service offerings?
There is no good business without competition that drives the market. But despite competition, Cezart Technologies stands out in the midst of competition because we offer unique services that others do not offer. We have patent solutions and sometimes we collaborate with our foreign partners to provide the best of solutions that customers needed. We go beyond sales, to offer after-sales services to customers and we do this to enhance customer experience while generating revenue. Our core strength is on service delivery and after-sales services.
Before now, people see satellite services as the best when compared to terrestrial service offerings. But we see a lot of patronage in terrestrial service today driven by broadband. What is your take on this?
The satellite and terrestrial services are two different offerings in the telecoms space, even though they complement each other. When terrestrial telecoms service was introduced years back, it competed with satellite services, because it is a lot cheaper to deploy in terms of infrastructure deployment. But the satellite is very good to deploy in areas where there are no terrestrial networks or in areas where terrestrial network cannot be deployed for several economic reasons.
One major challenge with the deployment of satellite network is in its inability to withstand unfavourable weather condition. Has that changed over time?
It is a fact that satellite network has weather challenges, such that when the weather is poor, it affects satellite signals, but all that have improved with advanced technologies. Technology has helped to improve the failover time. But there is no technology without its own challenges. Even the terrestrial network technology has its own challenges.
Despite its challenges the satellite network services have come to stay because it operates perfectly in areas where the terrestrial network services cannot reach.
How affordable is satellite services to individual customers?
Over time the cost of satellite services has become affordable and many organisations and individuals are asking for satellite network services as against terrestrial services.
What are the advantages of satellite network over terrestrial network?
Both the satellite and the terrestrial networks are the key to business growth and they both function in different ways. While the satellite network is good in areas where terrestrial network cannot be deployed, the terrestrial network is cheaper to deploy. For example, the military and the maritime workers could travel or find themselves in an area where there is no terrestrial network in the course of performing their duties and they will surely need satellite network to survive in the area.
In terms of security, satellite data are highly secured because they are encrypted. Apart from the military and maritime workers, NGOs who travel for tourist attraction could be in places where they are completely cut-off from terrestrial communication and they will be forced to use satellite network for communication. Those in oil and gas industry also need satellite services when they work in offshore areas where there is no terrestrial network connectivity. People still desire to use satellite when the terrestrial network in a particular location is weak.
There are places referred to as blind spot where terrestrial service is completely cutoff and there will be need to deploy satellite network services.
What are the market trends in the telecoms industry?
The most obvious and important trend in the market is the declining prices. This has been true for years, but the trend seems to be accelerating now. We see the major manufacturers and suppliers putting systems together with amazing specs-more power, with more speed, and more bandwidth.
Another trend is ever-greater connectivity. Everybody wants to get access to the internet and every small office wants a long area network (LAN) of internet connectivity. A lot of small offices want their LAN connected to the internet.
How will you describe the projected market growth in the industry?
The projected market growth for the telecom's industry has been one of the most highlighted aspects of new business in the marketplace today. With the coming of age of the new broadband services and the privatisation of many telecom companies, which were previously run by the government, we see that growth is going to surpass any projection that has been made in the past. It must be seen as one of the fastest growing market segments in business today. The recent mergers and takeovers are a small taste of what is waiting to happen.
What are some of the industry market needs?
Since our target market is the service seeker, the most important market needs are support, service, training, and installation, in that order. One of the key points of our strategy is the focus on target segments that know and understand these needs, and are willing to pay to have them filled.
How do you view technology evolution in the telecoms industry?
Cezart Technologies is a client focused Information Technology (IT) services provider committed to helping its clients succeed by adding value through the effective use of information technologies. We offer a comprehensive variety of IT services and solutions including IT Infrastructure Design, Implementation and Support, Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Planning, Technology and Systems Integration, Application Design, Development and Maintenance, Comprehensive Technology Consulting and Small Office Home Office (SOHO) solutions.
We can design new or enhance existing computer and technology infrastructure. We can establish enterprise, departmental or branch or home office compute environments, complex development environments, portals, networks and security all aligned with business goals and objectives.
We see Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery plan that business can execute, as the most important investment any company can make to ensure that business can survive any disaster. We can help you develop a plan to prepare for a disaster and operate business in a contingency situation.
In the area of technology integration, we integrate hardware, network and software products and technologies from different vendors to create a single solution that meets the needs and business goals. We have specialised expertise in implementing and integrating a broad range of hardware, network and software technologies.
These are some of the technologies that are evolving and we tap into them to provide quality service for our customers.
In the area of IT consulting services, we provide technology strategy, planning, and direction in the areas where the greatest needs exist. Our focus is to provide solutions that complement businesses, foster growth, and create opportunity. We provide analysis of business and applications to determine if information technology are meeting the customer business needs.
The aviation industry is skeptical about connectivity while passengers are airborne. How can Cezart Technologies assist airborne passengers in having internet access without disrupting navigational signals?
Our partner, Iridium, offers the best of communication devices around the aviation industry and it offers a whole lot of aviation and military solution that address satellite connectivity in excluded areas, because of its wide range of communications facilities. Our other partners like Inmarsat and Thuraya have their core expertise in maritime and land communications respectively, and they are very good in these areas. So what we do at Cezart Technologies is to look at the entire system and provide tailor-made solution that will address the issues.
What is the business relationship between Cezart Technologies, Thuraya, Inmarsat, and Iridium.
These companies are first tier companies in the telecoms space and Cezart Technologies work directly with them as partners. So Cezart Technologies has its own solutions, but partner these multinational companies for equipment supply.
How do you see big data development in Nigeria in relation to the kind of services you offer that has to do with data?
Nigeria is the largest market for data communication in Africa and I see the growth of data on the increase, because demand for data is equally on the increase. Yes, Nigeria is still regarded as an emerging market in technology development, but a lot of things are happening in the county that continues to attract local and international investors. Nigeria is veritable ground for data market and we have a huge market for data.
How can SMEs benefit from the kind of satellite service that you offer?
Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) are involved in different kinds of businesses and those of them they require satellite services for their operations, will definitely need our services, because our solution will help them to grow and develop faster than they ever thought.
Outsourcing is gaining global attention across all sectors. How effective is Cezart Technologies in the outsourcing space?
Outsourcing is making a lot of impact on businesses and we are part of it too. As a satellite service provider, we help organisations to handle the satellite communication aspect of their business, if such company is not a core satellite company. Outsourcing helps organisations to focus more on their area of strength, which is their core business, thereby raising efficiency and fast revenue generation.
How long has Cezart Technologies been in the business of satellite services and what are the possible breakthroughs?
We have been in the satellite business for the past 16 years and we have recorded several breakthroughs. We offer services for embassies, organisations and government agencies.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By MARIA DANILOVA
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - Black students are suspended from school, expelled and referred to law enforcement much more frequently than their white peers and the disparities are growing, according to a federal report released Tuesday.
The report released by the Education Department is likely to add to an already tense national debate about what causes such racial disparities. Civil rights groups believe that racial bias is at play and insist that federal protections are necessary. Some experts counter that forcing schools to adopt milder disciplinary practices makes classrooms unsafe.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos is considering scrapping Obama-era rules that were meant to counter those disparities and urge schools to adopt softer discipline approaches. She met with supporters and opponents of that policy this month.
The data show that while black students represented 15 percent of all enrolled students in 2015-2016, they accounted for 31 percent of children referred to police or arrested. The disparity is 5 percentage points higher than in 2013-14, when such data was last collected. Two years ago, white students made up 49 percent of all students but represented 36 percent of students who were referred to the police.
There also were disparities in penalties for bad behavior. Black boys represented 8 percent of all enrolled students in 2015-16, but accounted for 25 percent of suspensions and 23 percent of expulsions. Black girls made up 8 percent of all students but accounted for 14 percent of suspensions and 10 percent of expulsions.
By comparison, white boys represented 25 percent of all students and 24 percent of those who got suspended. White girls represented 24 percent of all students and 8 percent of those suspended.
"This should cause alarm for all of us," said Catherine Lhamon, chairwoman of the Commission on Civil Rights, who previously served as the top civil rights official at the Education Department under the Obama administration. "Students were and are treated in very different ways. The reality is that those students experience discrimination."
The guidance issued during Lhamon's tenure instructed schools to move away from harsh punishments and instead favor positive behavior interventions such as counseling. It also told schools to examine their discipline data and fix racial disparities if there are any.
Mike Petrilli, president of the conservative Thomas B. Fordham Institute, has been calling for scrapping the 2014 guidance. He argues that it has made educators reluctant to punish bad behavior and has led to disorder in classrooms. While he agrees that racial bias does play a role, he said that children who are subjected to poverty and trauma are more likely to act out at school.
"The numbers are the symptom, not the disease. The disease is about ineffective schools, it's about unequal life circumstances," Petrilli said. "We've got to address the underlying causes of these disparities. Some of them may be racial bias in the way that discipline is doled out, but it's also differencing in student behavior that relate to differences in the challenges groups are facing."
DeVos hailed the release of the report and urged federal and local education leaders to take note.
"Protecting all students' civil rights is at the core of the Department's mission," she said in a statement.
The report did show that gun violence is still fairly rare in U.S. classrooms, with about 240 schools, or 0.2 percent, reporting at least 1 incident involving a school-related shooting. Harassment and bullying, however, were widespread, with some 135,000 allegations reported. Of those complaints, some 41 percent involved sexual harassment, 23 percent had to do with race, 16 percent with sexual orientation, 11 percent with disability and 8 percent with religion.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia — Lee Westwood couldn't emulate his second-round 62 but did enough Saturday to stay in contention at the Maybank Championship after shooting a 70 to trail the leaders by three strokes.
The Englishman managed only three birdies in comparison to his mammoth 11 on Friday.
Jorge Campillo of Spain and Dylan Frittelli of South Africa are the joint leaders after both shot 66s for 15 under overall at the European Tour event.
“I had a few tough holes, but I managed to make the putts so overall I played solid,” Campillo said.
Henrik Stenson (73) and defending champion Fabrizio Zanotti (75) trail the leaders by 11 shots.
It was a day of low scores, with six golfers — including Campillo — firing an eagle on the par-5 first hole.
With 18 golfers separated by only three shots at the top, competition will be rife on Sunday.
Khalin Joshi of India and Berry Henson of the United States trail the leaders by one shot after matching 65s. Henson is a self-proclaimed “Mr. Sunday” after shooting 65 and 64 at the Singapore Open and Myanmar Open, respectively, and will be out for another low score.
Overnight leaders Phachara Khongwatmai (70) and Nino Bertasio (70) are 13 under, along with Prayad Marksaeng of Thailand (67), Japanese duo Hideto Tanihara (68) and Ryo Ishikawa (63) and Scotland's Marc Warren (69).
Westwood is one shot away from that pack in a group which includes New Zealander Ryan Fox, who shot an albatross on the first hole.
NEWARK, Del. — Mike Brey reunited with old friends, felt at home on a familiar sideline, and soaked in the cheers from Delaware fans still grateful for the way he stamped the program on the basketball map.
The happy homecoming was going well — except for those peeks at the scoreboard.
“First 15 minutes, I'm like, ‘Why'd you do this?”‘ Brey said, laughing.
Once the final buzzer sounded in No. 9 Notre Dame's 92-68 win over Delaware on Saturday night, Brey had a good answer: for the hearty handshake and warm words with his former longtime assistant, Blue Hens coach Martin Ingelsby.
“That was kind of different emotionally; coming back here, playing against a guy you love and competing against him,” Brey said.
Bonzie Colson had 19 points and 12 rebounds, Matt Farrell scored 24 points and TJ Gibbs had 21 to help the Fighting Irish (8-2) rebound from an 80-77 loss Tuesday to Ball State.
Brey returned to the Bob Carpenter Center for the first time since the end of his Delaware head coaching stint in 2000. Brey led the Blue Hens to the NCAA Tournament in 1998 and 1999 and is a member of the UD Athletics Hall of Fame.
Delaware was ready for the anticipated return on a snowy Saturday — the gym was packed with nearly 5,000 fans and SRO tickets were sold, with at least most of the crowd dressed in blue. Delaware cheerleaders formed two lines in the lobby and greeted fans as they walked through the door. The student section behind one basket was packed as they bounced, cheered and waved for the cameras on hand for the rare nationally televised game.
Brey received a warm standing ovation when the PA announcer asked fans to, “please welcome home to the Bob Carpenter Center … Mike Brey!”
“I was so fortunate to be here,” Brey said. “This place set me up for the rest of my coaching career.”
Notre Dame agreed to play at Delaware because Ingelsby, in his second season, played his senior season for Brey at Notre Dame in 2000-01 and later served 13 seasons on the Irish staff.
Delaware (4-6) only guaranteed Notre Dame tickets to fans if they bought a season-ticket package. The game was not sold individually, which led to tickets listed on StubHub with a starting price of $85 about an hour or so before tipoff. Consider, tickets on the same site start at $6 for the CSU Bakersfield game later this month.
There was one section reserved for about 100 Notre Dame fans and there were a smattering of blue and gold shirts around the gym but the rest came in Delaware colours. They held signs that said, “Welcome Back to Blue Hen Country Coach Brey!!!” and “Fear the Bird!”
And for about 12 minutes, the Blue Hens gave the Irish a scare.
The fans went wild when Delaware scored the first basket of the game and kept it going when Kevin Anderson's 3 made it 14-11 for the Blue Hens. Ryan Daly rallied them from a small deficit with a 3, Anderson gave Delaware the lead on a jumper and when a Notre Dame bounce pass bounced out of bounds, the fans erupted and made it sound like 10,000 fans were stuffed inside the gym.
“I hope the people that were in that building were excited to come back and watch us,” Ingelsby said.
Once the Irish settled down, they took over. Gibbs hit two 3s in the final 3:50 and the Irish took a 38-27 lead into halftime. They blew the game open in the second. Rex Pflueger hit a 3 for a 21-point lead and the Irish would not get upset by an unranked team again.
Anderson scored 23 points for the Blue Hens.
“All I kept hearing is, ‘Are you ready for this weekend?”‘ Anderson said. “I was like, just come to the game and see.”
BIG PICTURE
The Irish survived another upset bid and have three more games to get sharp before ACC play opens on Dec. 30.
No matter the score, this was a big win for Delaware. The Blue Hens drew a nice gate, had a packed house and held their own for a spell on national television. But they dropped to 0-33 against teams ranked in the AP Top 25 and 0-18 against teams in the Top 10. The Irish were the highest-ranked team to play at the Bob Carpenter Center since it opened in 1992-93.
FEELING FOWL
The Blue Hens, who have made only one NCAA Tournament since Brey left, played without junior forward Jacob Cushing (2.6 points) because of a broken nose suffered in practice. Forward Derrick Woods (5.8 points) was also suspended indefinitely. The Blue Hens did not give a reason for the suspension and would not say if the incidents were related.
FAMILY TRUMPS SCHOOL
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie sat in the Notre Dame section and wore a school pullover. Christie graduated in 1984 from Delaware but his daughter goes to school at Notre Dame.
REMEMBERING TUBBY
Delaware held a moment of silence for former football coach Harold “Tubby” Raymond. Raymond, who led the Blue Hens to three national championships, died Friday. He was 92.
HE SAID IT
Blue Hen Ryan Allen, who scored 14 points, had only one concern about playing on television.
“Don't get dunked on,” he said.
UP NEXT
Notre Dame: Heads to Indianapolis to play Indiana in the Crossroads Classic.
Delaware: Plays Sunday at Delaware State.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
CHEYENNE, Wyo. — Nearly 192,000 people travelled to Wyoming to view last summer's total solar eclipse, boosting the state's economy by an estimated $63.5 million, according to an analysis released Monday by the state Tourism Office.
“That's phenomenal when you have all of this new money being pumped into the economy,” Diane Shober, executive director of the Wyoming Office of Tourism, said.
The $63.5 million came from people spending money on travel, lodging, food and shopping over a five-day period around the eclipse.
“There were impacts in every single one of our counties across the state of Wyoming,” Shober said. Wyoming has 23 counties.
The Aug. 21 celestial event was the first total solar eclipse to pass over the whole width of the U.S. since 1918.
Wyoming was one of the few states in the path of totality. The path entered the state at Jackson Hole in the northwest, passed over Riverton and Casper and exited in the Lusk and Torrington areas in the southeast part of the state. It attracted astronomers, media and people from around the world to Wyoming.
The eclipse was a record-breaking event for Grand Teton National Park in northwest Wyoming where the weekend preceding the Aug. 21 eclipse and the day of the eclipse resulted in the “busiest weekend in the history of the park,” according to park spokeswoman Denise Germann.
Grand Teton was one of just two U.S. national parks and 21 National Park Service-operated sites around the country that the total eclipse passed over.
The independent economic analysis study done for the Tourism Office determined that 261,100 people travelled inside Wyoming for the eclipse. Huge traffic jams not normally seen in rural Wyoming occurred around the state because of the influx of travellers who came from Colorado and elsewhere.
Of the 261,100 travellers in the state, more than 75 per cent were from out of state, according to the study.
An estimated 29,000 international travellers descended on Wyoming for the event.
Eclipse-related spending resulted in $2.3 million in tax revenues for the state of Wyoming and $1.4 for local governments.
Media coverage of the eclipse provided an estimated value of $6.77 million to Wyoming.
“The true value of all of the editorial coverage Wyoming received leading up to the eclipse is immeasurable, especially when it comes to our ability to inspire and generate future travel to our state,” Shober said.
Your goal is to loot during your journey and, along the way, take down the monstrous creatures who are trying to stop you. You'll come across enemies with purple tentacles, others who look like a fish made out of steel and bones and drones that shoot bullets at you mercilessly. Naturally, you are the main character in Gunhead after all, so you have a rocket launcher and an automatic weapon to defend yourself. You also have a jetpack, which lets you jump between platforms while you're inside each spaceship, trying to take down their core and make them implode.
Gunhead feels like a mix of games such as Borderlands or Fallout, and that says a lot about it because at times you forget that this is an indie. It's just executed well, both visually and in terms of the overall gameplay. Another nice touch is that if you're having trouble keeping up with your enemies or getting out of a spaceship, you'll get some assistance from characters claiming to be engineers or scientists, who will help ensure that you make it past each level. Think: Star Fox-like mini-cutscenes.
TAMPA, Fla. — Brayden Point put the exclamation point on the Tampa Bay Lightning's success stretch at home.
Point scored 36 seconds into overtime and the Lightning completed a perfect four-game homestand with a 4-3 victory over the Winnipeg Jets on Saturday night.
“He's been an instrumental player all year long,” Tampa Bay coach Jon Cooper said.
Overshadowed by the top two NHL points leaders Steven Stamkos (42) and Nikita Kucherov (41), Point has 12 goals and 26 points.
Point eluded a Winnipeg defender and put back a backhander past Connor Hellebuyck for the win. It was his third OT goal this season.
“It's luck and it's opportunity,” Point said.
Yanni Gourde, Mikhail Sergachev and Kucherov also scored for Tampa Bay, and Andrei Vasilevskiy made 17 saves. The Lightning top the NHL with 13 home wins (13-2-1).
Andrew Copp, Kyle Connors and Nikolaj Ehlers scored for Winnipeg, which has lost three straight for the first time this season. Hellebuyck stopped 24 shots.
“I think don't we were as sharp and quick as we're capable of being,” Winnipeg coach Paul Maurice said. “But pretty good fight.”
Jets were winless on a three-game trip, getting outscored 11-5 in the first two games.
“This is a big effort at the end of a road trip,” Jets defenceman Josh Morrissey said. “I thought we played well enough to win.”
Ehlers and Kucherov, with his 20th, traded goals 1:52 apart midway through the third.
Vasileskiy made two strong saves on Ehlers just before Kucherov's goal tied the score 3-3.
Sergachev gave Tampa Bay a 2-1 lead with 3:21 left in the second when the 19-year old rookie defenceman skated into the slot from the left wing boards, did a spin move and scored on a wrist shot.
Connor made it 2-2 on his 21st birthday just 1:23 later.
Copp opened the scoring 1:23 into the first to end a 12-game goal drought. Gourde tied it during a power play with 1:03 left in the period.
Tampa Bay's league-best power-play unit has a goal in nine straight games, one away from tying the franchise record.
Cedric Paquette appeared to put Tampa Bay up 2-1 12 minutes into the second but the goal was disallowed after a video review prompted by Winnipeg challenge determined that Chris Kunitz interfered with Hellebuyck.
Paquette has not scored a goal in his last 32 games.
NOTES: Jets D Dustin Byfuglien left with an injury. Teammate Tyler Myers missed part of the second after being struck on the ankle area by the puck but ended up playing 25 minutes. … Sergachev has seven goals and 20 points in 29 games. … Jets G Steve Mason (concussion) took part in the morning skate. … Lightning D Jake Dotchin returned after sitting out eight consecutive games with an undisclosed injury. … Jets RW Blake Wheeler got his 30th assist on Connors' goal. He has eight assists and 10 points during a five-game point streak.
UP NEXT
Jets: Host Vancouver on Monday night.
Lightning: Start a four-game trip Tuesday night at St. Louis.
Watch local schools and groups recite the Pledge of Allegiance during 33 WYTV Daybreak between 5 a.m. and 7 a.m. with Len Rome and Jim Loboy.
Thank you to Mrs. May, 1st Grade teacher at Bascom Elementary, for inviting us to your classroom!
Click to view all Pledge of Allegiance videos
The Cleveland Indians defeated the Minnesota Twins 3-1 on Monday Night. Danny Salazar struck out seven Twins and Michael Brantley stays hot in the win.
More FOX Sports Ohio Videos Jensen says Indians pitching staff needs to find ways to get out of innings Arroyo: ‘It was a victory just get to get out there' Price after Arroyo's start: ‘I anticipate he'll be more crisp next time out' Welsh: Arroyo working on shaking the rust off Seth Jones was pleased with Blue Jackets rookie Gabriel Carlsson enjoyed his NHL debut More FOX Sports Ohio Videos
CHICAGO — A suburban Chicago high school says safety concerns have prompted it to forfeit a football game against a school on Chicago's West Side.
St. Francis High School in Wheaton was scheduled to play Chicago Hope Academy on Friday night. But officials at St. Francis say a recent shooting, along with gunshots reported near Little League games at a local park over the summer, convinced the school to keep its team at home.
Chicago Hope Academy played a game at the park on Sept. 29 against another Chicago school that was interrupted by gunfire. No one was injured.
Hope Academy founder Bob Muzikowski says that was the first violent episode in 13 years of football at the school. He says security would have been robust at Friday's game.
Why it matters to you Apple's spooky (and tasty) new emojis arrive just in time for Halloween.
Can't get enough emojis? If you've got an iOS device that supports iOS 11, you're in luck. Apple just previewed the “hundreds” of new animals, mythical creatures, food types, and smiley faces that will join the iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch's emoji library in iOS 11.1.
Among the highlights are a Chinese takeout box, a pie, a pretzel, an old-fashion red sleigh, a hedgehog, a brain, and a scarf. A few characters announced on World Emoji Day made the cut, like a bearded man, a woman with a headscarf, a zombie, a vampire, a genie, and a person in a lotus position. New American Sign Language signs like the Love-You Gesture — a raised index finger, thumb, and pinkie motion that means, “I love you” — are in tow too.
Apple says that every new child, adult, and older adult emoji is available in a range of skins tones, and that the number of distinct new emoji characters in iOS 11.1 is well past 50. Accounting for gender, color, and flag modifiers, the total is closer to 200.
They're part of Unicode 10, the encoding standard hashed out by the eponymous Unicode Consortium. It's a surprisingly complicated process: Every calendar quarter, the Consortium's 12 major voting members — a group that includes Oracle, Google, Facebook IBM, Apple, and Yahoo — take recommendations from the public and propose letters, digits, symbols, and emoji for revisions of Unicode.
Reaching a consensus isn't always easy. Last year, for instance, Apple and Microsoft raised a joint objection to a rifle emoji that'd been approved for Unicode 9. In 2015, Apple decided not to include gun and knife emojis in macOS's keyboard.
Sometimes the omitted emojis are the ones that cause controversy. In January, the committee devoted three month's worth of meetings to the red-haired emoji. Members were divided on whether or not to change the “person with blond hair” emojis to a strawberry blond, or to create and entirely new “redhead variant” of emoji with different skin tones.
The process gets political, as one member of the committee told BuzzFeed last year. “We're talking about engineers that are concerned about standards and internationalization issues who now have to do something more in line with Apple and Google's marketing teams. It is a bizarre and unusual situation.”
Thankfully, Unicode 10's emojis look to be broadly uncontroversial. Don't expect to find them in the current iOS 11.1 beta, though — they aren't there. Apple says they'll be added to the developer and public beta releases in the coming weeks.
Getty Image
The Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the Reina nightclub massacre that claimed 39 New Year's Eve revelers' lives. The armed attack also injured at least 69 other people, several critically. 46 people remain hospitalized, and police revealed that the deceased victims hailed from 14 different countries.
Within the initial mayhem, investigators initially believed up to three gunmen fired upon police before entering the club. Authorities now say that one attacker fired up to 180 times with a long-barreled gun after evading the strong law enforcement presence near the club. Although this person is still at large, police have now arrested eight people in connection with various aspects of the plot that led to the massacre.
Turkish authorities were swift to label this as an act of terrorism, and ISIS has now stepped up to commend its “soldier” for spreading terror shortly after 2017 began. According to CNN, the group's full statement was as follows: “In continuation of the blessed operations which ISIS carries out against Turkey, a soldier of the brave caliphate attacked one of the most popular nightclubs while Christians were celebrating their holiday.” This statement arrives after the Kurdishtan Worker's Party swiftly distanced itself from the event.
This massacre stands as the third attack claimed by ISIS recently in Turkey. In December, the group also took responsibility for the murder of a Russian ambassador by an off-duty Turkish cop. Over in Germany, ISIS claimed the attack on a Berlin Christmas market that struck on the same day.
(Via BBC & CNN)
Glenn Beck and TheBlaze are firing back against Tomi Lahren's wrongful termination lawsuit with a new countersuit filed Monday in Dallas, Texas.
In the countersuit, Beck and TheBlaze insist that despite Lahren's claims, she still has access to her Facebook account, which she stated in her lawsuit TheBlaze was controlling.
The countersuit also states that Lahren is still employed by TheBlaze, and that her now viral appearance on “The View,” which she claims led to her suspension, had nothing to do with her absence from the air.
TOMI LAHREN SUSPENDED FROM THEBLAZE
“In reality, TheBlaze had employment issues with Lahren for well over a year,” the countersuit claims. “That is the reason why TheBlaze decided that it would not extend Lahren's employment agreement beyond its expiration in September 2017 even before her appearance on ‘The View.'”
The countersuit refers to Lahren as “divisive” and states she “engaged in conduct that raised serious concerns.” Examples included in the suit are claims that Lahren was “inappropriate and unprofessional” with the crew and “constantly complaining about everything.” The suit also says that the star's word choices “had to be addressed repeatedly for bordering on profane.”
TOMI LAHREN: THEBLAZE ‘DEEPLY HURT ME'
The suit states that Lahren breached her employment agreement and requests the court issue temporary injunction that would require her public appearances be approved by TheBlaze, among other things.
Meanwhile, the Dallas Morning News reported that Lahren also saw a small court victory on Monday when a judge ruled that she should be able to post on her Facebook page.
Lahren tweeted on Monday that she was all smiles.
IoT in Action with Microsoft is an event designed for IoT (Internet of Things) decision makers, intended to educate and foster collaboration across the IoT ecosystem – hardware manufacturers, distributors, packaged software providers and software integrators.
At its inaugural conference in San Jose, delegates heard from Microsoft IoT leaders and partners on the state of the Internet of Things, what challenges businesses are having to overcome to execute their IoT strategies, and how Microsoft is providing companies an end-to-end solution to help turn their IoT dreams into reality.
For more information, visit: https://www.microsoft.com/internetofthings
This video is from the fine folks at Microsoft.
First Look: Renée Zellweger as Judy Garland in New Biopic ‘Judy'
Attorney George Leontire, an attorney on the defense team for Aaron Hernandez, who was convicted of murdering Odin Lloyd in 2013 and killed himself in his prison cell in 2017, says the former NFL player was tortured over the fact he was gay, TMZ Sports reports.
Leontire made the remarks in an Oxygen network special, Aaron Hernandez Uncovered.
Said Leontire: “Aaron and I talked about his sexuality. This man clearly was gay. [He] acknowledged it. Acknowledged the immense pain that it caused him…I think that he also came out of a culture that was so negative about gay people that he exhibited some self-hatred.”
﻿
The program also features an interview with Hernandez's former girlfriend Alyssa Anderson, who said she found out he had a relationship with a man, but he denied it and acknowledged it years later in a letter.
Nigerian blasts Mrs. Folorunso Alakija for staging lavish wedding for son
NAIJ.COM
Folarin with his wife Nazanin and Mrs. Folorunsho Alakija and her husband at the wedding. It was a wedding to remember which is said to have cost up to $6.3m (N131m) and Nigerians are far from happy for the couple. Comments on Facebook spoke of how …
and more »
Jeff McLane, of the Philadelphia Inquirer, was kicked out of the press box by a member of the Eagles' media relations staff on Sunday, before Philadelphia would beat the Cowboys, 27-13.
Reporters, as is their wont, chronicled the incident, in which a disagreement with the Eagles staff boiled over into a chest-puffing ejection and threats for the rest of the media on hand.
Les Bowen, of the Philadelphia Daily News, explained that reporters were trying to suss out a call during the game, and an Eagles staffer told them to quiet down. The media members objected, McLane most of all.
Eagles ejected @Jeff_McLane from the press box. Check out @LesBowen's timeline for the story. pic.twitter.com/fij8p9mr9q — Brandon Lee Gowton (@BrandonGowton) January 1, 2017
The reported honcho flexing her authority is senior VP Anne Gordon, former managing editor/vice president of the Philadelphia Inquirer — where McLane works. She said she did not mind that these stories would be written.
After McLane was taken out of the press box, Eagles PR threatened the others, saying anyone who argued with the boot would be booted as well.
Click for more from the New York Post.
HUNTSVILLE, Texas — Marcus Harris scored a career-high 28 points to lead Sam Houston State to an 84-77 win over Abilene Christian on Saturday night.
Harris was 14 of 15 from the free throw line, equaling the number of free throws that the Abilene Christian team made. The Bearkats finished with 26 of 32 free-throw attempts.
Christopher Galbreath Jr. had 21 points and Jamal Williams chipped in 16 for Sam Houston State (14-10, 8-3 Southland Conference), which is now just one game behind league leaders Nicholls and New Orleans.
The Bearkats led for most of the game, taking a 43-32 advantage into the break. Abilene Christian worked its way back into contention and closed to 62-61 with 8:06 remaining following Tevin Foster's trey. Harris and Cameron Delaney made four straight free throws and Harris nailed a 3 to extend the lead to 69-63. Harris made nine free throws down the stretch to seal the win.
Foster led the Wildcats (14-10, 6-5) with 17 points. Jaylen Franklin and Jalone Friday added 15 each and Jaren Lewis chipped in 12 with 12 rebounds.
EASTON, Md. (AP) – A waterfowl hunter is in stable condition after a dead goose fell from the sky and knocked him unconscious.
Robert Meilhammer of Dorchester County was hunting with three other people when one of them fired at a flock of Canada geese overhead in Easton, near the Miles River on Maryland's Eastern Shore.
Maryland Natural Resources Police spokeswoman Candy Thomson said a falling goose hit Meilhammer, knocking him out and causing head and facial injuries.
The Washington Post reports that when he came to, he knew who he was, but “little else,” according to a Natural Resources police officer.
The agency tweeted Friday that Meilhammer was in stable condition and awaiting more tests at a Baltimore trauma center.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON:
Share
Do you like to go fast, test your driving skills, and holler a lot when you're having a blast? If the answer is yes, and you're OK with big clouds of dust, we have the what you're looking for.
The steps are simple. Get in the driver's seat of a Polaris RZR XP Turbo S, strap on a full face helmet, tighten the four-point safety harness, push the start button, and put the transmission in drive. Aim the RZR with boost-assisted power steering, step on the accelerator, and let your ride do all the work.
Sounds simple, right? That's about all it takes to drive this formidable desert racing machine. Point, shoot, and go like hell. There is a bit more to it, depending on how fast and how hard you want to go, but with the Turbo S, there's not much else you need to know.
Desert trail driving means rough, uneven surfaces, surprisingly sudden turns, and — as we mentioned — lost of dust. If you're not in the lead position, you have to hang back, because rising dust trails cut your visibility drastically.
There's also lots of hollering. It must be an involuntary human reaction, as many in our group of 40 odd journalists and Polaris personnel spontaneously hollered and yelled with excitement whenever we got up to speed, navigated tricky turns, and caught air.
The RZR's Dynamix suspension responds to surface changes quickly to smooth out most bumps, but the side-by-side vehicle (a reference to the seating arrangement) still obeys the laws of physics. If you get overzealous and land extra hard, which we did a handful of times in five hours of enthusiastic driving, bottoming out the new RZR's gargantuan 25 inches of suspension just elicits more hollering.
‘Nastiest RZR ever'
Billed by Polaris as “the nastiest RZR ever,” the XP Turbo S can take you places you didn't think you could go off-road, at speeds you didn't think you could handle. Unless you're a professional desert racer, you will not outdrive the RZR XP Turbo S.
Unless you're a professional desert racer, you will not outdrive the RZR XP Turbo S.
Polaris added the hot Dynamix Active Suspension to the already steaming RZR XP Turbo EPS last year, creating the Polaris RZR XP Turbo EPS Dynamix. The suspension's central computer unit tracks nine factors using sensors in each of the vehicle's four wheels. Based on the aggregate input, the suspension adjusts up to 200 times a second in three drive modes — comfort, sport, and firm.
Comfort mode is for easy, slow rides — like at the end of the day. Sport mode has a firmer suspension baseline to absorb minor bumps and dips so you can go faster without being thrashed about. Firm mode locks it all down and is best employed by experts and pros.
The Dynamix setup self-adjusts continuously to keep you stable in turns, and while braking, and accelerating, so you can maintain control while driving fast. Even when you're airborne and landing hard, Dynamix adjusts automatically to help maintain control.
A bumpy — and fun — ride
In my earlier experience on the Mojave Desert's barely-there trails west of Las Vegas in October 2017, I didn't know what to expect. After an hour of rolling along in comfort mode, I clicked over to sport mode and discovered the fun of wailing down trails in a side-by-side. The suspension of the EPS Dynamix helped me drive like I knew what I was doing.
Taking turns with an experienced co-pilot in the RZR XP Turbo S put my earlier drives in a new perspective. The lastest side-by-side was so tight and capable, we both drove much faster most of the time than I remembered ever driving in the EPS Dynamix. When I rode shotgun, I had a chance to watch the right front tire bobbing up and down as the Dynamix suspension did its thing. The amount of travel was astounding, especially since little of it transferred to the driver and passenger seats.
I also learned quickly not to grab the passenger handle tight, brace my feet, and push my back into the seat during fast descents and jumps. Being one with a side-by-side's frame wasn't a great idea. Sitting loosely and holding onto the handle was much more comfortable when we hit bottom or landed.
The RZR's transmission does the shifting for you, all you need to do is steer and apply the gas and brakes.
Because the RZR's transmission does the shifting for you, all you need to do is steer and apply the gas and brakes. I was reminded quickly why Polaris didn't need to add a more beefed-up engine to the new RZR — the existing turbo-charged twin-cylinder mill has more than enough power to blast up and over any surface you encounter.
At the end of the day, happy and dusty, we returned the RZR XP Turbo S to the starting location. I walked away wondering how much skill and practice it would take to drive the Turbo S to anywhere near its capabilities.
A brand-new platform
The original Dynamix model added tricked-out suspension wizardry to an existing model. In the interim, Polaris was busy designing a brand-new platform.
The 2018 Polaris RZR XP Turbo S ($27,500 to start) is the first machine with the new platform. Almost everything is different with this model from past RZRs, except the engine and transmission. Polaris uses the same two-cylinder, 168-horsepower, liquid-cooled 925cc ProStar Turbo high-output engine with 114-pound-feet of torque and the Polaris Variable Transmission (PVT) combination on all RZR Turbo models. The current Turbo lineup also includes the RZR XP Turbo ($20,000 starting price), the RZR XP Turbo Fox Edition ($23,000 starting), and the RZR ZP Turbo Dynamix Edition ($26,000 starting).
Now we get to the differences. The RZR XP Turbo S rides on huge 32-inch tires, larger than supplied on any other production side-by-side model on the market. Over-sized tires add significant forces that threaten a vehicle's structural integrity, especially in hard driving. Because Polaris wanted the large tires, it made other changes that strengthened the RZR XP Turbo S platform by 300 percent. The company says everything is stronger with the Turbo S, including the frame, reinforced structural arms, the roll cage, and aluminum roof.
The new design is 72 inches wide, eight inches bigger than the other models, which is a significant factor in handling stability. The RZR XP Turbo S has 16 inches of ground clearance, with a full 25 inches of usable suspension travel front and rear.
The 2018 Polaris RZR XP Turbo S is the first machine utilizing Polaris' new platform. Almost everything is different with this model from past RZRs, except the engine and transmission.
The extreme performance, true on-demand AWD/2WD drivetrain is coupled with Fox 3.0 IBP Live Valve Shocks. An updated version of the Dynamix Active Suspension on this model has greater sensitivity and faster reaction times than the original version. This model also has aggressively modified throttle mapping and boosted power steering assistance.
The re-engineered cockpit has a new driving position for increased sightlines and comfortable, race-inspired ergonomics. Four-point harnesses and a Sparco Flat-Bottom steering wheel keep you stay in position and in control. LED lights front and back help with visibility and include a front lighting signature Polaris describes as “visually assaulting.”
The Polaris glove-friendly Ride Command System for navigation and extensive vehicle information and feedback is also standard. You can also use the Ride Command System's GPS with your smartphone via Bluetooth or USB connection. AM and FM radio and weather channels are also included.
(Curtis Compton/Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP). Potesters try to topple a Confederate monument with a chain Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, at Piedmont Park in Atlanta. The peace monument at the 14th Street entrance depicts an angel of peace stilling the ...
(Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail via AP). This photo provided by the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail shows James Alex Fields Jr., who was charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he rammed his car into a ...
(AP Photo/David Goldman). A photo of victim Heather Heyer sits beneath a statue depicting a Confederate soldier in Piedmont Park in Atlanta Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, that was vandalized with spray paint from protesters who marched through the city last ...
(AP Photo/David Goldman). A statue depicting a Confederate soldier in Piedmont Park in Atlanta is vandalized with spray paint Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, from protesters who marched through the city last night to protest the weekend violence in Charlottesvi...
(Shelby Lum/Richmond Times-Dispatch via AP). Protesters march on Broad Street late Sunday Aug. 13, 2017, in Richmond, Va. The group marched through the Fan District to the Lee Monument to Jackson Ward. The march was held a day after a white supremacist...
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) - The Latest on violent protesting in Virginia and related developments around the nation (all times local):
___
A judge has denied bond for an Ohio man accused of plowing his car into a crowd at a white nationalist rally.
Judge Robert Downer said during a bond hearing Monday he would appoint a lawyer for James Alex Fields Jr.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
The rally was held by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his "deeply held, radical" convictions on race.
___
9:45 a.m.
A group that hosts a ceremony every year to re-dedicate an Atlanta monument depicting a Confederate soldier vows that it will be repaired after protesters spray-painted it and broke a chunk from it.
John Green, past commandant of the Old Guard of the Gate City Guard, said Monday it appears his group must now raise money to repair the 105-year-old statue damaged during a Sunday protest after the deadly weekend violence in Virginia.
City officials haven't commented on any plans for repairs or whether city funds would be used for that.
Green said removing the statue from Piedmont Park, a city park, is not an option.
He said the angel standing over the soldier represents peace, and it was created to help bring the nation back together after the Civil War.
___
7:40 a.m.
A prominent white nationalist website that promoted a Virginia rally that ended in deadly violence Saturday is losing its internet domain host.
GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it has given the Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated GoDaddy's terms of service.
GoDaddy spokesman Dan Race tells the New York Daily News that the Daily Stormer violated its terms of service by labeling a woman killed in an attack at the event in Charlottesville "fat" and "childless." Heather Heyer was killed Saturday when police say a man plowed his car into a group of demonstrators protesting the white nationalist rally.
Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision, the site posted an article claiming it had been hacked and would be shut down.
___
7:25 a.m.
Protesters spray-painted and broke a chunk off a statue depicting a Confederate soldier at an Atlanta park after they marched through the city to protest the weekend violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports that a lone policeman at Piedmont Park on Sunday night was surrounded by black-clad protesters shouting "pig" as demonstrators used chains to try and destroy the Peace Monument.
The statue depicts a winged angel standing over a Confederate soldier.
Video from local news outlets showed red spray paint covering much of the monument following the demonstration.
The Atlanta protest was among several around the nation over the weekend that were organized after a chaotic white supremacist rally in Virginia ended with deadly violence.
___
7:25 a.m.
The German government is condemning the white nationalist rally in Virginia that turned violent Saturday, expressing solidarity with peaceful counter-protesters.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokesman Steffen Seibert told reporters Monday that it was an "absolutely repulsive scene at this extreme-right march."
He said "there was outrageous racism, anti-Semitism and hate in its most despicable form to be seen, and whenever it comes to such speech or such images it is repugnant."
He added that it's "completely contrary to what the chancellor and the German government works for politically, and we are in solidarity with those who stand peacefully against such aggressive extreme-right opinions."
Seibert says Merkel also regrets the death of a counter-protester and sent her sympathies to those injured.
___
3 a.m.
An Ohio man accused of plowing his car into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia is set to make his first court appearance.
Col. Martin Kumer, superintendent at the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail, says 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. has a bond hearing Monday morning.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday. Jail officials told The Associated Press they don't know if he's obtained an attorney.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his "deeply held, radical" convictions on race.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LOS ALAMITOS, Calif. — Bob Baffert became the first trainer to win the $300,000 CashCall Futurity and $294,000 Starlet in the same year at Los Alamitos on Saturday.
McKinzie won the Futurity for 2-year-olds via disqualification after Solomini, Baffert's other entry in the race, was cited by the stewards for interference in deep stretch and dropped from first to third.
In the next race, 2-5 favourite Dream Tree won the Starlet by 3 1/4 lengths to improve to 3-0 for the Hall of Fame trainer.
Baffert has won the Futurity a record 10 times, including the last four at Los Alamitos, where it was moved from now-closed Hollywood Park, where he won it six times.
McKinzie, named for Baffert's late friend and Los Alamitos executive Brad McKinzie, was carried wide into the first turn and kept clear by Hall of Fame jockey Mike Smith. McKinzie rallied approaching the stretch in tandem with Instilled Regard while Solomini started to gain outside of that pair.
The three horses came together and with a sixteenth of a mile to go, Solomini came in and bumped Instilled Regard before going on to finish three-quarters of a length in front of McKinzie, who was a head in front of Instilled Regard.
Baffert was surprised when the three stewards voted 2-1 to disqualify Solomini.
“It's really too bad they took him down,” he said. “He was the better horse today.”
McKinzie returned $3 and $2.40. Instilled Regard paid $6.80. There was no show wagering because of the small field.
The final time for the Futurity was 1:42.57. McKinzie earned $180,000, increasing his career earnings to $210,000.
In the Starlet for 2-year-old fillies, Dream Tree and jockey Drayden Van Dyke covered 1 1/16 miles in 1:43.87 and paid $2.80 to win. It was Baffert's fourth career win in the race.
Yesterday's News was second and Piedi Bianchi was third.
WASHINGTON (AP) — In a surprising revelation, the Department of Veterans Affairs says a program that offers veterans private-sector health care will run out of money much sooner than expected.
It is holding back on some services that lawmakers worry could cause delays in medical treatment.
VA Secretary David Shulkin made the disclosure Wednesday at a Senate hearing.
He cites a shortfall of more than $1 billion due to increased demand from veterans for federally paid medical care outside the VA. The VA had previously assured Congress that funding for the Choice program would last until early next year, but now says it will be depleted by mid-August.
The VA is urgently asking Congress for authority to shift money from other accounts to cover the shortfall.
(STATS) – Considering the way they have played with resolve and overcome adversity, Youngstown State coach Bo Pelini feels his Penguins have made the most significant change over the entire season which ends Saturday with the NCAA Division I FCS Championship Game.
Mike Houston, his counterpart on fourth-seeded James Madison, believes Youngstown State changed the most midway through the season after Pelini restored junior quarterback Hunter Wells to the starting role. Wells had held it in each of the two previous seasons, so what was old became new again with the Penguins.
“Well, we've watched the entire season, and I think that that was probably the turning point,” Houston said. “I think that's probably, you know, just a very experienced coaching move there in making a change when you knew you had to. Because I think that there was a lot of inconsistency and the offense was not performing at a real high level at that point.”
Unseeded Youngstown State (12-3) is the surprising championship qualifier, while CAA champion James Madison (13-1) isn't so surprising, although it had to knock off North Dakota State's FCS dynasty in the semifinals to reach the final at Toyota Stadium in Frisco, Texas.
Youngstown State was 5-2 when Wells became the starter again on Oct. 29, but the Penguins surely had some nervous vibes because they had collapsed down the stretch in the three previous seasons to keep alive an FCS playoff drought that started in 2006. The offense had hit season lows while rallying in the fourth quarter to wins over Illinois State and Northern Iowa and then while dropping from first place in the Missouri Valley Football Conference with a loss at South Dakota State.
Enter, or re-enter, Wells.
He had lost the starting job to senior Ricky Davis in training camp and both Davis and Trent Hosick were injured when the 6-foot-5, 220-pound Ohio native returned to the lineup for his 19th career start.
Although Wells didn't enjoy a fast start, offensive improvement has followed the Penguins, who are 7-1 since the change. They're putting up six more points per game than in the first half of the season, had a program-record 747 offensive yards against Missouri State to clinch a playoff bid and have won four straight playoff games while averaging 467.5 yards – up nearly 36 yards over the team's average. They haven't been below 30 points in five straight games.
“I think he's a lot more comfortable in the pocket,” Pelini said. “I think he's really made some strides there as far as really sitting in there and making some difficult throws … he's played at a high level. And I think we've got better around him. I always say, the best thing for a quarterback is to play well around him. He can't do it by himself. I think we've gotten better offensively, especially over the last month or so, and I think that's helped Hunter. He's obviously done his part very well.”
Wells has completed 107 of 169 passes (63.3 percent) for 1,443 yards and nine touchdowns with only four interceptions. The team's three other quarterbacks have a 53.4 completion percent with more interceptions (nine) than touchdown passes (seven).
Houston points to the Penguins' offensive consistency deriving from Wells' experience and leadership. Wells helped lead come-from-behind wins over Wofford in the national quarterfinals and Eastern Washington in the semifinals.
“He does not put the ball in harm's way,” Houston said. “He runs the offense efficiently. He makes good decisions in the passing game.”
Player suspensions have hurt both teams in the playoffs, with Youngstown State losing some key players in the skills positions. Still, the Penguins have a strong 1-2 running punch of Jody Webb and Tevin McCaster to take pressure off Wells.
Pelini said he's told his players a couple times that their season is not about where they started, it's about where they finish. It may have more meaning for Wells than any player.
The Thread: “It's causing spiritual traffic that's not allowing witches to fly” | Twitter NG claps back at #HallelujahChallenge critics
So we were all worshipping jejely in the comfort of our homes, plugged into God courtesy Nathaniel Bassey's Hallelujah Challenge…
Read » The Thread: “It's causing spiritual traffic that's not allowing witches to fly” | Twitter NG claps back at #HallelujahChallenge critics on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The iPad is still the king of tablets — especially the new, $330 9.7-inch iPad released in April — and there are a number of apps in the App Store that were built specifically for the device. We've been curating various best-of lists for years now, but this master list spans apps from a wealth of different categories. Whether you're looking for great travel apps, games, productivity suites, or drawing software — it's all here, the best iPad apps in every category. Let us know what you think in the comments section, or suggest something we may have missed!
Are you still undecided and don't know which iPad to get? Check out our reviews on the iPad Pro, and the iPad Pro 10.5-inch. If are still unsure, read our comprehensive guide on how to choose an iPad.
Movies, TV, news, and sports
Best iPad Apps: Movies and TV
HBO Now HBO finally caved and created a subscription-based streaming app, no cable subscription required. HBO Now offers Game of Thrones and many of the other great shows on the channel. It now works with Chromecast, too, so you can stream it on the big screen. If you're not casting, the iPad is the ideal place to watch your shows, as opposed to the small iPhone screen. Be prepared to spend $15 a month for it, though. Download now from: iTunes PBS Video The PBS app lets you stream almost every show on the public TV channel in the app. Masterpiece hits like Poldark, Downton Abbey, Mr. Selfridge, Wolf Hall, as well as Nature, NOVA, and more are all available. New shows are added daily, and older episodes stick around for a while, so you'll always have something educational to watch. The app can be customized to have shows from your local station, and it works with Chromecast, so you can stream it on the big screen. Download now from: iTunes Netflix Netflix is absolutely an essential app, especially on the iPad. Tons of films, TV shows, and random documentaries about drug cartels that look great on the Retina display. Subscription starts at $8 a month. Download now from: iTunes Hulu No cable? No problem. Hulu is the place to go for catching up on all of the shows on television right now. Most network and cable channels have shows available. Subscription to Hulu Plus starts at $8 a month. Download now from: iTunes Amazon Instant Video For Amazon Prime subscribers who take advantage of the large video library provided by Amazon, this is the app of choice. Rent, purchase, and stream tons of videos. Amazon Prime subscription run $100 a year. Download now from: iTunes IMDB What good is all this streamable content if you can't remember the names of the shows and movies or actors that you want to watch? IMDB is the answer, plus it provides movie news and showtimes. Download now from: iTunes YouTube YouTube used to be included in iOS until the Apple-Google breakup, but you should put it right back on your iPad. It's the best place to watch user-submitted content and a great place to get your fix of cute animal videos. Download now from: iTunes Fandango If you want to reserve your tickets for a film before heading to the theater, Fandango is the way to go. This app is the difference between catching a film on opening night and heading home empty-handed. Download now from: iTunes Funny or Die The Funny or Die app pulls together all those funny videos, that often become viral, and delivers them right to your iPad. It has everything, from comical news to celebrities, and even the latest funny animated GIFs that are trending. There's a dedicated menu tab just for those hilarious interviews on Between Two Ferns. Download now from: iTunes
Best iPad apps: News and sports
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. — Bills coach Sean McDermott says it's uncertain whether starting cornerback E.J. Gaines will play in Buffalo's game at Cincinnati on Sunday.
Gaines will be listed as questionable because of a groin injury.
In updating the status on other injured players, McDermott says he's “fairly confident” defensive end Shaq Lawson will return after missing one game with a groin injury.
As expected, starting receiver Jordan Matthews and starting linebacker Ramon Humber have been ruled out after both broke thumbs in a 23-17 win at Atlanta last weekend.
At 3-1, the Bills lead the AFC East and are off to their best start since opening the 2011 season with four wins in their first five games.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Real Madrid midfielder Toni Kroos has taken a shot at some of Europe's heaviest spenders by saying "you can't buy the Champions League".
Holders Madrid takes on Bayern Munich in the semi-final first leg on Wednesday, in the third last-four encounter between the teams since the 2011-12 season.
The fixture is the most-played match in European Cup or Champions League history, with the teams having met 24 times previously, each winning 11 times.
Madrid knocked out Paris Saint-Germain, who smashed the world transfer record to sign Neymar in a bid to bring them closer to the title, in the last 16, while Manchester City, the most expensively assembled team in history, lost 5-1 on aggregate to Liverpool in the last round.
Kroos has won back-to-back tournaments with Madrid, having been part of Bayern's treble-winning side in 2012-13, and he believes such success underlines why no amount of money can guarantee success in the tournament.
"You can't buy a Champions League trophy. If that was the case, we would not have won it so much," he told a news conference when asked why Madrid and Bayern are so frequently in the latter stages.
"It's special for a team like Madrid. We have players in condition to play at the highest level. If you have a lot of players with that experience, in these difficult moments, you know what you have to do and you don't lose your nerve. That's what takes us so far.
"This is the only chance we have to win a title. It was similar two years ago and we did it in the end. We're very motivated: winning it three times in a row is something unique.
"We had PSG in the second round and Juve in the quarter-finals. It's not the easiest road."
Kroos believes Bayern have improved throughout the season under his old boss Jupp Heynckes, but he has vowed to "wipe out the good vibes" of the Bundesliga champions.
"I expect a strong team. It's the semi-final of the Champions League. Bavaria is in good form and there's nothing more to say," he said.
"They won the league quite early, but they don't give the impression that they've let their rhythm drop. I think they're in better shape than last year: they had absences then, they didn't have Robert Lewandowski in the first leg.
"Expectation levels at both clubs are similar – you set out to win every competition. Playing in the Champions League is a special motivation for us, as whoever wins in the end can call themselves the best team in Europe. Bavaria will be just as hungry as us.
"With Heynckes, they play more as a team. There are good vibes in the team. We're here to wipe out those good vibes."
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) — The humble pecan is being rebranded as more than just pie.
Pecan growers and suppliers are hoping to sell U.S. consumers on the virtues of North America's only native nut as a hedge against a potential trade war with China, the pecan's largest export market.
The pecan industry is also trying to crack the fast-growing snack-food industry.
The Fort Worth, Texas-based American Pecan Council has been formed in the wake of a new federal marketing order that allows the industry to band together and assess fees for research and promotion.
Critics call such orders government-backed cartels. But council members hope to elevate the pecan to the ranks of the almond and pistachio.
Federal income taxes are due April 18 and, likely for several million people, so is a fine for failing to get health insurance.
Despite a lengthy debate, Congress has not yet acted on a bill to repeal portions of the Affordable Care Act. That means the law and almost all of its regulations remain in force, for now.
It's not too early to think about managing your taxes and minimizing the hit to income. Jon Sweeney / NBC News
For the majority of tax filers, who had insurance through an employer or government program for 2016, all they have to do is check the box on Form 1040 that says they were covered for a full year. That's it.
Under a decision by the Trump administration, however, leaving that box blank will not get your tax return kicked back to you. The IRS under President Barack Obama also did not reject returns with the box left blank last year or the year before, but it had announced it would step up enforcement of what's known as the "individual mandate" for tax year 2016. That plan was canceled under Trump's executive order calling on federal agencies to "minimize the burden" of the health law.
Related: Six Things You May Not Know Could Go With Obamacare Repeal
Still, those who lacked insurance for more than three consecutive months, or who bought individual insurance and got federal help paying the premiums, need to do a little more work.
Those with no insurance or a lengthy gap may be required to pay what the federal government calls a "shared responsibility payment." It's a fine for not having coverage, on the theory that even those without insurance will eventually use the health care system at a cost they can't afford and someone else will have to pay that bill.
Many people without insurance, however, qualify for one of several dozen "exemptions" from the fine. Nearly 13 million tax filers claimed an exemption for 2015 taxes, according to the IRS. The most common were for people whose income was so low (less than $10,350 for an individual) that they are not required to file a tax return, Americans who lived abroad for most of the year and people for whom the cheapest available insurance was still unaffordable (costing more than 8 percent of their household income).
Related: Should You Even Sign Up for Obamacare?
The fine for 2016 taxes is the greatest of $695 per adult or 2.5 percent of household income. Fines for uncovered children are half the amount for adults. Fines are pro-rated by the number of months you or a family member was uninsured.
The maximum fine is $2,676; that is the national average cost of a "bronze" level insurance plan available on the health exchanges. But most people do not pay anywhere near that much. Last year, said the IRS, an estimated 6.5 million tax filers paid a fine that averaged $470.
Related: Seven Ways Trump Could Make Obamacare 'Explode'
If you bought your own insurance from the federal or a state health insurance exchange and you got a federal tax credit to help pay for that coverage, you also have to take a step before you can file your taxes.
People who got those tax credits must fill out a form that "reconciles" the amount of subsidies they received based on their income estimates with the amount they were entitled to according to their actual income reported to the IRS.
In 2016, 5.3 million taxpayers had to pay the government because they got too much in tax credits, compared with 2.4 million who got additional money back. But among those who underestimated their incomes and had to pay back some of those tax credits, 62 percent still received a net refund on their taxes.
This story was contributed by Kaiser Health News, an editorially independent program of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation and a nonprofit, nonpartisan health policy research and communication organization not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.
Rereātea brings you the latest news live from the Māori Television newsroom.
Today Kimiora-Kaire Melbourne and Wikitōria Day take you through the top stories of the day.
A campaign urging New Zealanders to give nothing to racism and refuse to spread intolerance has been launched by some of the country's most well-known people including Taika Waititi.
And the naming of the Māori All Black team is due to take place at 12,30pm today - we bring you the latest on those likely to make the cut.
Tune in to Te Reo Channel at 5pm and Māori Television at 6:30pm for all the details on all of our top stories, or visit our website, Facebook or Twitter page.
FREDERIKSTED, Virgin Islands — The Latest on Vice-President's Mike Pence's visit to the U.S. Virgin Islands (all times local):
11:55 a.m.
The governor of the U.S. Virgin Islands says the U.S. government has hurricane response “down to a science.”
Gov. Kenneth E. Mapp praised the Trump administration's relief efforts during Vice-President Mike Pence's visit to St. Croix on Friday. Mapp said, “There is no country that responds to disasters like the United States of America.” He added that the government has efforts to restore power and operations “down to a science.”
Mapp said the island was making progress in its recovery from Hurricane Maria and expected schools to reopen on Tuesday.
The vice-president was receiving briefings on the islands' recovery and getting a view of the damage from the ground and the air.
Pence's visit came after President Donald Trump's tour of Hurricane Maria's devastation on Tuesday in Puerto Rico.
——–
11:45 a.m
President Donald Trump tells residents of the storm-damaged U.S. Virgin Islands that the nation “is with you” in the recovery from Hurricane Maria.
That's according to Vice-President Mike Pence, who is in St. Croix on Friday. Pence says he spoke with Trump earlier and the president is relaying the message to residents there that, “We are with you today, we are with you tomorrow.”
Pence was being briefed inside a U.S. Virgin Islands Army National Guard hangar. Army personnel in military fatigues stood at attention nearby.
On arrival Friday, the vice-president's plane flew over homes stripped of the roofs, toppled trees and debris strewn in yards.
——–
11:39 a.m.
Vice-President Mike Pence is in the U.S. Virgin Islands to get an update on the recovery efforts after the islands were socked by Hurricane Maria.
Pence is getting a briefing on the rebuilding efforts in St. Croix and meeting with people affected by the storm. He's the first top member of the Trump administration to visit the U.S. Virgin Islands.
The vice-president was aiming to reassure people in the U.S. territories that the Trump administration will help the islands recover from the massive storm.
The vice-president was travelling to San Juan, Puerto Rico later in the day. The trip comes days after Trump visited Puerto Rico and praised relief efforts without mentioning the criticism that the federal response has drawn.
Why it matters to you For European citizens, it's now the same price to use your phone in another EU country as it is at home.
Update: Added news the EU roaming regulation is now in force
Mobile roaming charges for Europeans traveling to other European countries are no more. From June 15, 2017, travelers making a call, sending a text message, or using data will pay exactly the same as the do at home. European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker said in a statement: “Roaming charges will now be a thing of the past. As of June 15, you will be able to remain connected while traveling in the EU, for the same price as at home.”
The agreement was finalized in February, and had been a long time coming. Preliminary agreements were made in June 2015, but negotiations had been happening for a decade. What does it mean to you? If you're an EU citizen, and travel to another EU country, you won't pay extra for using your phone. The commission calls this a “roam-like-at-home” plan. The deal doesn't mean everything will be free. Instead it means the services you use while roaming will be charged at the same rate you pay when on your home network.
It joins up with a previous rule where networks will let you use your included minutes and data abroad, and new caps will come into play if you go over the permitted use. The cost caps are 3.2 euro cents per minute for calls, 1 euro cent for SMS, and 7.7 euros per gigabyte of data. The data cap will gradually reduce over the coming years, eventually reaching 2.5 euros per gigabyte at the beginning of 2022. It's the end of a successful effort to reduce the cost of roaming in Europe, which in February had fallen by 90 percent since 2007.
Concerns dampen agreement celebrations
Excellent news, but with it comes some negativity from smaller operators, and confusion from anyone in the United Kingdom, which recently voted to leave the European Union. A response to the agreement from MVNO Europe, which looks after Mobile Virtual Network Operators (MVNO) in the region, believes the caps are too high, and smaller operators won't be able to recover costs.
This may lead to some operators opting out of the agreement, which is possible if the company can prove it'll reduce revenue by at least three percent. Networks in Estonia, Lithuania, and other Scandinavian countries have all applied for an exemption, according to Reuters. There are also concerns networks will raise costs for local subscribers to offset the roaming revenue hit, particularly in tourist-heavy regions.
For British travelers, Brexit uncertainty may dampen any rejoicing over the agreement. Scare stories spread at the end of 2016, warning networks in Europe may not have to honor any cost caps for U.K. visitors following Brexit, if a favorable trade deal isn't reached. Worst case scenario is the return of massive phone bills for careless travelers, with a megabyte of data potentially costing up to 10 euros.
For now, European law still applies in the U.K. at least until it officially leaves the EU. However, the roaming agreement is an EU regulation, and won't become part of U.K. law, so it will need to be adopted by the post-Brexit government to stay in place. Talks regarding the legal complexities of the split haven't officially started yet, and because a transition deal is expected to take between two and five years to complete, the fate of “roam-like-at-home” for Britain will remain yet another unknown aspect of Brexit for quite some time.
Pam Dudding-Burch
Contributing writer
It's been said that “All is fair in love and war.” For some, however, life just doesn't seem fair. In fact, sometimes life can bring about events that are truly heart-wrenching such as war.
Mary Katherine Williams, a resident of Paint Bank, Virginia, became captivated by stories of people from her area who fought in a war and sacrificed their lives as well as those who were left behind to pick up the pieces.
Her recently released book “The Ballad of Maggie Tingler and other poems” has been selling off the shelves since her book signing in November at the Paint Bank General Store. It was published by PaintBank Press LLC and printed by Southern Graphics in Roanoke.
Through ballads, sonnets and other verse forms, the poems tell many stories of people, places, nature and events in Craig, Alleghany and Monroe counties and especially Paint Bank, where the author lives.
Maggie Tingler caught the heart of Williams. She was a courageous woman from Paint Bank who prevailed over the hardship of raising her children alone in the early 1900s. Other poems include the story of The Lone Star who was captured by the Indians in the early 1800s.
“Standing Tall” is a poem written in memory of Linwood L. Crawford, Garnett G. Hill, David Humphries, John W. Linton, James L. McCoy and Calvin V. Mann, all employees at the Industrial Rayon Corporation in Covington, Virginia. They all died in WWII. Six maple trees were planted on the company grounds in their memory.
Here is a tidbit of the poem in the book; “Standing tall in military uniforms, they left to fight the war, left jobs and Alleghany homes, for posts on foreign shores. On fronts in Italy and France, they sacrificed their lives. The South Pacific claimed them too amidst the battle cries….War failed to take away the love that lives in memories. War failed to take away the faith that planted maple trees.”
One of the major sets of poems is about Johnny Linton, an American patriot from Paint Bank, and it's titled “The Death of a Soldier.” John W. (“Johnny”) Linton (1907-1944) died in World War II leaving behind his wife, Virginia, their son, Robert B. and a large extended family in Paint Bank and beyond. “It is a remarkable story of family love and loyalty,” Williams shared.
Here is another excerpt:
“Because he'd rather ﬁght them there than here,
Johnny Linton signed up for the war,
Left mountains where his family lived for years,
And left his loving wife and baby boy.
He suffered battle wounds within the year,
In Italy and earned the Purple Heart,
Then showing gratitude instead of fear,
He praised the healing work of the Red Cross.
A second telegram informed his wife,
He had returned to duty on the front.
Somewhere in France, the soldier lost his life
While taking on the awful battle's brunt.
His widow sent a telegram this time
To Paint Bank to his brother living here,
“Johnny killed in action,”- the dreaded line
That two hearts broken would forever share.”
When O.M. (“Otto”) Linton received the telegram in Paint Bank in 1944 from Johnny's wife, both his brother, Johnny, and his son Glen, were on the front lines in France. Glen was in the tank destroyer division that arrived on Omaha Beach three months after the Normandy Invasion. Otto's other brother, Gilmer, and his nephew Olen served in the Paciﬁc and Germany.
The Poem reads;
“The postman handed him a telegram in 1944.
His son, brothers, nephew all were in the war.
In Europe and Paciﬁc, each had battles to be won,
And did he wonder at the time, which one?”
“Everybody recognized the telegrams and knew it was bad news,” said Anita Hinson, who recalled hearing the story about her grandfather Otto getting the telegram. The post office was in the little white house at the bottom of the hill in Waiteville.
She added that the postmaster said that her grandfather didn't have any immediate reaction at all when the telegram was handed to him. He turned, walked out of post office and then laid down on the hill and started crying.
“My grandfather was a strong man and the three he loved the most was in the war,” she said.
Johnny's son, Robert (Bob) Linton, was only 18-months-old when his father was killed in battle. “I think he saw me about three or four times after I was born,” Linton shared. “My dad was born in Paint Bank, and my mom was born in Covington. They married in 1936, and I was born in 1943.”
Bob now lives in Portsmouth, Virginia, with his daughter nearby while his son, John Linton, still lives in New Castle. Both still have a home place above the Fish Hatchery in Paint Bank with many extended family members still living there.
“I remember dad sent me things even though he was in the war,” Linton said. “I still have the little brown dog that I think came from Italy.” Still, Linton admitted that growing up in his younger years that, “I wish I could have had mine in a picture.”
Linton shared that when they auctioned off the farm stuff, they found the telegram which Otto had received in one of the dresser bureaus underneath the paper which lined the drawer. “I have the telegram up on my dresser in Paint Bank along with a picture of my dad on horseback at age 15,” Bob said.
“My dad would write me and my mom letters,” he continued. “She kept many memories of dad which included countless letters.” When Linton got older, he shared that he wondered why his mother never remarried. She told him, “I have never seen anyone any better.”
While eating pizza with a friend, Linton discovered the story about the Rayon plant setting out the maple trees in honor of the six that died.” The Boy Scouts later uncovered the stones and their names and later more information about his dad.
“They did a book on my dad with pictures of the funeral when they brought the body back along with much history of the census,” he said. “This is when Mary Kay used the book to write the poems. She likes history and is a very thoughtful lady.”
His dad was buried in France until after the war and then was brought back home and buried in his mother's lot in Covington. They brought him in on the train and had an honorary military burial with the servicemen, buglers and gun salute,” according to Linton. “I am very much supportive of our Veterans and feel we should honor them more,” he said.
Linton is grateful that he has had so many years with his own son and daughter. He looks forward to being in similar pictures one day.
On paper, the opening-round playoff series between the San Jose Sharks and Edmonton Oilers features some of the NHL's brightest offensive stars on both sides.
Making their first playoff appearance in a decade, the Oilers have 20-year-old Art Ross Trophy winner Connor McDavid. The Sharks counter with this season's top scoring defenseman, Brent Burns, among much of the same cast that reached the Stanley Cup Finals for the first time in 2016.
As is the case so many times in playoff hockey, unheralded players and stout defense end up grabbing many headlines.
Riding the momentum created by Zack Kassian and Cam Talbot, the Oilers will try to take a 3-1 series lead when they meet the Sharks in Game 4 on Tuesday night at SAP Center in San Jose.
Edmonton was third in the Western Conference with 243 goals while San Jose was 10th with 219. Neither team's big offensive producers have made a splash in the series so far.
McDavid, the Oilers captain and the next big thing in the NHL, has a goal and an assist in his first playoff series. But two players who had breakout seasons — Leon Draisaitl (29 goals, 48 assists) and Patrick Maroon (27 goals) — have failed to record a point.
Enter Kassian, who's quickly gaining folk hero status after scoring the game-winning goals in a 2-0 victory in Game 2 on Friday and a 1-0 win in Sunday's Game 3. He hadn't scored any game-winners since March 9, 2015, while with the Vancouver Canucks.
“You can't say enough about him right now,” Talbot said. “He's playing a new level. I think he's picked up his game, and that's what we need in playoffs. Our top guys are usually getting marked pretty hard and we need secondary scoring and he's giving it to us right now.”
While Kassian has been an unexpected surprise, Talbot might be the Oilers' most valuable player in this series. He has stopped 80 of 83 shots en route to back-to-back shutouts, and assisted on McDavid's insurance goal midway through the third period on Friday.
“It feels great but, I mean, the job's not done yet,” Talbot said. “We came in, got home-ice advantage back, but it'd be nice to come in and play another game like that on Tuesday.”
The Oilers have won 14 of 17 games, including four of five from San Jose.
“We've been playing these games for a couple of weeks heading into the playoffs, which I think was a good stepping stone for us,” Talbot added.
The Sharks have managed only three goals in the series and none since Melker Karlsson scored 3:22 into overtime of Game 1. The team also hasn't capitalized on careless play by Edmonton throughout the series, failing to score in 13 of 14 power-play chances.
“It was a one-goal game, a one-shot game. This time of year, you've got to find a way to get on the right side of that,” Sharks coach Peter DeBoer said after Sunday's loss. “We have to score to win, so offensively that's what we've got to concentrate on.”
Burns set career highs with 29 goals and 76 points as he played a full 82-game slate for the third straight season. However, in the last 22 games, including the postseason, Burns has only two goals and seven assists — with three of those points coming in one game.
Also failing to beat Talbot are Joe Pavelski (29 goals in 2016-17), Patrick Marleau (27) and Logan Couture (25), who is still feeling effects of a facial injury sustained late in March.
The return of Joe Thornton didn't pay immediate dividends. The 37-year-old, who could be a free agent this summer, played 16:27 on Sunday after missing the final three games of the regular season and first two of this series with a knee injury.
“I felt great. I feel healthy and ready to go for Game 4 now. … We've still got another level to go to next game,” said Thornton, tied for fifth among active players in playoff scoring with 121 points (27 goals, 94 assists).
Including the postseason, the Sharks have played 2,192 games. They have never been blanked in three straight games but have dropped three straight Game 4s.
“We'll keep trying, keep looking and keep fighting,” Pavelski said.
Game 5 is scheduled for Thursday in Edmonton.
Yahtzee is a British-born, writer and gamer with a sweet hat and a chip on his shoulder. When he isn't talking very fast into a headset mic he also designs freeware adventure games and writes novels . His personal site is www.fullyramblomatic.com See a new Zero Punctuation review each Wednesday only at The Escapist.
SEABROOK, Texas - A man's body was found in Seabrook on Monday afternoon, according to a Facebook post by the department.
At about 1:45 p.m., a caller said they found the body in the 3300 block of State Highway 146.
A crew working in the area found the man's body lying in thick brush about 25 feet west of the highway, police said.
His body was not visible from the highway, police said.
When investigators arrived on the scene, they found the man who was wearing pants with a light colored T-shirt and had no identification or property on him.
Investigators said the body had been there for about seven days.
Authorities said they do not suspect criminal wrongdoing at this time, but the case is under investigation.
Copyright 2017 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – From post-apocalyptic cartoon characters to life-size strips of bacon, the costumes at New York City Comic Con 2017 do not disappoint.
CBS2's Elle McLogan joined casual spectators and super-fans at this year's comic book convention of mammoth proportions. Snaking lines were a testament to the popularity of the event, which draws visitors from all over the world.
And the event isn't just for comic book fans but for “all kinds of people,” said a five-year Comic Con veteran, who spent an entire year putting together her costume.
She and her friend said they felt a sense of belonging at the event, even if they are “more into books and movies than the actual comic books or graphic novels.”
Elaborate costumes paid homage to Game of Thrones, Beetlejuice, and Doctor Who, among countless others. Attendees mingled and posed for pictures.
One comic book vendor defined the event as “interaction with like-minded, off-kilter companions.”
“It gets safer each year,” a returning visitor told Elle. “It gets more diverse each year. It just feels like [it's] better and better and better.”
If you're hoping to get tickets, better luck next year. This year's event is sold out. But that doesn't mean you can't enjoy it—many events are being streamed live:
For more information about New York Comic Con, click here.
Name: Lionel Blair
Age: 88
Famous, why? Being a choreographer and dancer. And wearing PVC on Celebrity Big Brother.
Biography: After first finding fame on TV variety shows in the 1960s, choreographer and dancer Lional Blair has become most famous in recent years for reality TV like The Farm and CBB.
Lionel says: “I signed up for this show because of the show that I saw before – I thought if Wayne Sleep can do it, I can do it! And also what a chance of seeing that part of the world… The other series have gone to America and Japan, I'm hoping they're going to ask us to do another.
"What I found interesting is how I went from hating it to absolutely loving it, but at first it was a culture shock. I couldn't believe it. But what an opportunity, to see a part of the world I don't think I've ever seen. When we left the show, this elderly English couple walked in and they said ‘We saw the last series of the Marigold!' and they loved it so much that they moved there.”
Then... On stage with Sammy Davis Jr at the Royal Variety Performance
Now... Appearing on Loose Women to mark his 88th birthday
The Real Marigold Hotel series two starts on Wednesday at 9pm on BBC1
Three Billionaire Amigos Aim To Disrupt Health Care
Three guys walk into a bar. They're Warren Buffett, Amazon.com's Jeff Bezos and JPMorgan Chase's Jamie Dimon. They decide to transform the American health care system.
That's probably not how these three men decided to form a new company to address health care costs for their U.S. employees, and possibly for many more Americans. The three companies, with a combined market cap of $1.62 trillion, did not provide details of how the collaboration between their CEOs came about. And while their announcement Tuesday didn't include many specifics, based on their very different business backgrounds it's possible to see what each might bring to the table.
Bezos, 54, runs one of the world's biggest retail operations and by some measurement he's now the wealthiest person on the planet. Amazon grew from a book retailer into one of the world's most valuable companies in part because it's extremely skilled in distributing products. It's long been willing to lose money in order to offer customers lower prices than its competitors can bear -- and in the process gain a loyal customer base. That's what millions of Prime members love about it.
Amazon has never been consistent at turning profits because of its focus on sales growth. That's what many investors fear about it. Investors in health care have long thought Amazon was going to get into that field and force companies that make and distribute medications or medical devices to drastically lower their prices.
When the three companies said they want to create a partnership "free from profit-making incentives and constrains," Amazon would seem to be the blueprint.
By contrast, few associate fears with Buffett, the 87-year-old "Oracle of Omaha." He's respected for his 70 years of successful investing, beloved by many for giving billions to charity -- he has said he plans to give away at least half his fortune -- and appreciated for a common touch that includes a prodigious Coca-Cola habit and a love of junk food, along with his personal frugality. But most significant in this context is that his company, Berkshire Hathaway, owns a number of insurers including GEICO. That means he brings a lot of experience in evaluating and insuring risks.
And he's a longtime critic of the health care system. Tuesday was not the first time Buffett had talked about growing health care costs as a "tapeworm" that harms the growth of the American economy.
Dimon, 61, is the head of the largest U.S. bank in terms of both assets and deposits. If that weren't enough to get him entry into the conversation, JPMorgan Chase just received a big tax cut. Dimon himself earned a lot of respect for his handling of the 2008-09 financial crisis. Unlike many of its competitors, JPMorgan Chase didn't have to be bailed out by taxpayers as a result of its bad bets on mortgage-backed securities.
That doesn't mean he's exactly beloved: Like its rivals, the bank did pay billions to settle allegations surrounding its sales of mortgage-backed securities prior to the crisis. He's also known for speaking his mind in blunt terms. In July, he complained about politicians arguing about "stupid (expletive)" instead of solving problems.
The companies said their project will focus on technology that provides simplified and transparent care. Based on the executives who have been named to top roles at the new company, Jefferies & Co. analyst Brian Tanquilut said there is a good chance it will eventually try to negotiate prices directly with health care providers like hospitals, bypassing companies that act as middlemen. That could reduce costs in the medical and pharmaceutical supply chains.
"The initial plan for the new entity will be on partnering with and/or acquiring various consumer-orientated health care technology capabilities (i.e. a venture capital strategy) and eventually using them to influence and incentivize health care cost-reducing behavior," he said, basing his speculation on the executives picked to shepherd the new company along.
Whatever the new company's scope, investors in health care companies were deeply concerned: On Tuesday health insurer Cigna dropped 7.2 percent, biotech drugmaker AbbVie fell 5.3 percent, and drugstore chain-pharmacy benefits manager CVS Health lost 4.1 percent as the sector took broad losses.
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
By Abby Hassler
Beyoncé and Jay-Z rule the musical world and are one the most famous couples on earth. Though the two have collaborated on multiple tracks, you've never heard them together quite like this.
Related: Beyoncé in Labor?
A 19-year-old producer, Amorphous, created a project he calls Bey-Z, which takes instrumentals from Jay-Z's musical catalog and infuses them with Beyoncé's killer vocals. The results are magical.
“I was playing one of Jay's tracks in the car,” Aamorphous told Complex, “and I started to sing ‘Formation' over the beat. I immediately rushed home as I knew that I had something interesting on my hands and got to working. I completed it in several minutes, adding some small production elements of my own… I [tried] to find songs that worked together lyrically in some aspects but truly complimented each other.”
Listen to a preview of “Bey-Z” below and check out the whole thing on Bandcamp.
Roaming charges end in the EU, but Brexit confusion may dampen celebrations
EU citizens traveling to other EU countries will pay the same as they do at home to use their phones, as roaming charges end in the region. However, there is still confusion over whether the new rules will apply to the U.K. after Brexit.
The post Roaming charges end in the EU, but Brexit confusion may dampen celebrations appeared first on Digital Trends.
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DETROIT — Michigan State Police officials say they now believe four shootings on Detroit's freeway system are linked to the same suspect or suspects.
The agency's Metro Detroit post says a woman recently reported that her car was hit by gunfire on Thursday along Interstate 94 on the city's east side. Police say the gunfire occurred on the same day and in the same area as three other shootings.
One of the shootings along I-94 left a driver with a leg wound. Three other vehicles were struck but drivers weren't injured.
Police say they're looking for a silver or grey sedan seen at some of the shootings.
Extra police patrols have been added to area freeways.
Share
The Volkswagen Atlas is an SUV designed specifically for the U.S. market, but not all U.S. families need all seven of its seats. So VW is preparing a version of the Atlas with five seats, previewed by a concept car debuting at the 2018 New York Auto Show.
Like the seven-seat Atlas, the five-seater will be based on Volkswagen's ubiquitous MQB platform, which also underpins the compact Golf hatchback and the Audi A3. Judging by VW's teaser image, the five-seat version may have slightly differently styling to distinguish it from the seven-seat model. VW will essentially be doing the same thing Hyundai has done for the past several years with its Santa Fe, doing more to distinguish variants than simply removing a row of seats.
The Atlas was originally designed to compete in the midsize family SUV segment against the likes of the Santa Fe, Ford Explorer, Honda Pilot, and Toyota Highlander. Volkswagen has been trying to dominate the U.S. market for years, but it never really had a chance of doing that without a vehicle like the Atlas in its lineup.
In addition to being designed for the American market, the Atlas is also built here. The five-seat version will be built alongside the seven-seat model (as well as the Passat sedan), at VW's factory in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Volkswagen will invest $340 million to get the five-seat Atlas into production on top of $900 million already spent for production of the seven-seat model.
“We are not only committed to this market, we are committed to our U.S. manufacturing home in Chattanooga, Tennessee,” Volkswagen Group of America CEO Hinrich Woebcken said in his announcement of the five-seat model at the factory. The timing of this announcement probably was far from random.
The announcement comes as VW prepares to idle its Chattanooga Passat assembly line for two separate weeks due to low demand for the sedan. A plant spokesperson told the Times Free Press that Volkswagen will use the stoppage to train employees and retool to boost production of the Atlas. It's yet another example of how aggressively the market is shifting from sedans to SUVs.
Our first look at the five-seat Volkswagen Atlas will take place far away from Tennessee. VW is bringing a pre-production concept version to the 2018 New York Auto Show next week. We'll have more details when the concept makes its Big Apple debut.
Just One More Thing...
We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your AJC.com profile.
If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder.
Close
External Affair Minister Sushma Swaraj and Union Minister Prakash Javadekar shared some stress-busting tips and ideas with students to score good marks, at the launch of Prime Ministers Narendra Modi's book Exam Warrior. The book is most relevant one in this exam season as it aims to instil confidence in the students and prepare them to face the difficult moments during examinations and life.
Exhorting students who are set to appear for their board and secondary school examinations this year, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj suggested that they should not compete with others but with themselves and they need to learn from their mistakes. Sushma Swaraj was speaking here on the occasion of launch of a book “Exam Warriors” written by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. “The book is most relevant one in this exam season as it aims to instill confidence in the students and prepare them to face the difficult moments during examinations and life,” she said addressing a gathering.
She also described in detail the 25 ‘mantras' for students given by the Prime Minister in his book and urged them to read the book. The book is available on the ‘Narendra Modi App' and students can communicate with the Prime Minister through it. Describing Modi as an extremely good communicator, she said: “If students learn from their past and enjoy the present then they would be able to get a bright future.” The book is a compilation of Prime Minister's address to students focused on busting stress during exams in his monthly radio programme “Mann ki Baat”.
“The students should compete with themselves and there is no need to compete with others. They should also use technology during preparation of examinations,” she said, suggesting that students should play games and practice yoga to overcome stress. During her interaction with students Sushma Swaraj mistakenly said “March me Chunav ka mausam hota hain (March is the time for elections)” and repeated the word “election” at least three times in place of “examination” – prompting the gathering to burst out in laughter.
However, she corrected it after realising the mistake, saying “We are leaders and election comes to our mind often.” Human Resources Development Minister Prakash Javadekar, who was also present on the occasion, said: “This book will help the students in beating the stress. It is for everyone. Not only for students but also for their parents.” He said that the book fits the Prime Minister's call of “Sabka Sath Sabka Vikas”. Urging parents not to put pressure on their children during exams, Javadekar said that the Prime Minister will interact with the students on February 16 before the start of examination session.
NEITI: ‘FG earned $111.32bn from oil, solid minerals in 2014'
From Uche Usim, Abuja
The Nigeria Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI) has computed its 2014 audit exercise, disclosing that the Federal Government earned $55.5 billion from the oil and gas sector and N55.82 billion from solid minerals, totalling $111.32 billion.
The 2014 audit result, being the latest, also showed that $4.7 billion and N318.2 billion that should have gone to the federation account were not remitted by Nigerian Petroleum Development Company (NPDC) and its parent company, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC).
According to the Executive Secretary/Chief Executive Officer of NEITI, Waziri Adio, losses from crude-for-product swap and Offshore Processing Arrangements (OPA) were put at $198.7 million in 2014.
“At the close of the 2014 audits, NPDC had not paid the outstanding $1.7 billion for the eight Oil Mining License's (OMLs) under the Shell Joint Venture (JV) divested to it by the NNPC. NPDC had also not paid for the four OMLs under the Nigerian Agip oil Company Nigerian Agip Oil Company (NAOC) JV divested to it by NNPC. Those four assets were recently valued by the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) at $2.25 billion; NPDC had sought clarification for the basis of the valuation,” he explained.
According to the reports, the total revenue flows for the oil and gas sector fell from $58.07 to $55.5 billion between 2013 and 2014, a decline of about 5 per cent. However, revenue flow for the solid minerals sector in 2014 showed a marked improvement over the previous year, with a 48 per cent rise from the N37.676 billion of 2013 to N55.8 billion in 2014.
“Forty-one oil and gas companies and 16 government agencies were audited for the 2014 oil and gas audit cycle. These were the producing companies that made material payments of $5 million and above to the federation in 2014 and the government agencies that received funds on behalf of the federation.
“One hundred and nine producing assets were active in the year, comprising: 59 Joint Venture (JV) licenses; 26 Sole Risk and Marginal Field Operating (SRMF) licenses; 23 Production Sharing Contract (PSC) licenses; and one Service Contract (SC) license,” he said.
The 2014 oil and gas audit, which was conducted by SIAO and Co., a Nigerian accounting and auditing firm, also reveals the following: 22 billion litres of petroleum products were imported as against the 20 billion litres imported in 2013, with 950 million litres of the products locally produced in 2014 as against the 2.6 billion litres locally produced in 2013; N1.2 trillion was processed as subsidy claims in 2014 as against the N1.3 trillion processed for subsidy in 2013; and N426.6 billion was distributed in 2014 under the Subsidy Re-investment Programme (SURE-P), same as the SURE-P figure for 2013.
NOA: Nigerians tasked on apprehending fleeing Boko Haram fighters
From Magnus Eze, Abuja
The National Orientation Agency (NOA) has called for heightened vigilance and security-consciousness among citizens, especially with the dislodgment of Boko Haram insurgents from Sambisa Forest, Borno State, and the dispersal of its remnants.
Director-General of NOA, Garba Abari, who relied on intelligence reports available to the agency to give the security advice, particularly advised Nigerians to be vigilant and take precautions in places of worship, which usually attract large gatherings of people, to detect and promptly report any suspicious faces or objects within the community.
Abari said the safety and security of the community was a collective responsibility, and adequate security and surveillance should be evolved by various communities in the country to forestall unscrupulous elements taking advantage ofd lapses to wreak havoc and unleash terror on the nation.
A statement by the Special Assistant to the DG NOA, Mr. David Akoji, also said
the State Directors of the agency had been directed to use all available platforms and channels to educate the public on the need for greater alertness during this period.
The Nigerian Army had raised a similar alarm on Boko Haram insurgents fleeing from Sambisa to other parts of the country.
The army authorities in a statement issued by the acting Director of Public Relations, Brig. Gen. Sani Usman, urged the Nigerian public to be wary of people of suspicious movements and appearances during and after the Yuletide season.
PLANNING: 2016 budget implementation continues till March – Udoma
From Basil Obasi, Abuja
The Minister of Budget and National Planning, Senator Udoma Udo Udoma, has reinstated the commitment of the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government to complete implementation of the national budget.
At an interactive session with members of the Senate Committee on Appropriation in Abuja, recently, Udoma explained that, in spite of the shortfall in revenue expectations, government remains committed to its debt obligations and has made efforts to fund the critical sectors to enable government to function smoothly while seeking lasting solutions to revenue shortfalls.
According to Udoma, a total of N753.6bn already released for capital expenditure in 2016 was the highest in the nation's recent history, even in the era of high oil prices.
He explained that although the 2016 budget was well conceived, with reasonably conservative benchmarks, it recorded unanticipated revenue shortfalls along the line due to militants' activities in the oil-producing Niger Delta region.
In a related development, the Accountant-General of the Federation, Alhaji Ahmed Idris, in a circular released last Friday, confirmed that the Federal Government has extended the execution of the N1.58tn capital component of the 2016 budget to the end of March 2017.
Idris disclosed that the N6.06tn 2016 budget, which was signed into law by the President on May 5, 2016, had a recurrent expenditure of N2.65tn; capital expenditure of N1.58tn, with debt service of N1.47tn and fiscal deficit of N2.2tn.
NUC: NUC to review varsities' curricula
From Fred Ezeh, Abuja
National Universities Commission (NUC) has announced that a comprehensive review of the entire university curricula, including the benchmark minimum academic standards and ranking of Nigerian universities, would begin anytime soon in the new year.
The exercise is in line with the acclaimed determination and commitment of the commission to address the perceived decline in the quality of education and public outcry thereof.
The NUC also disclosed that two of its key constitutional mandates, accreditation of programmes and resource verification, would be carried out twice and thrice a year, respectively: May and November for accreditation and March, July and December for resource verification.
Executive Secretary of the NUC. Prof. Abubakar Rasheed, who stated this in Abuja at the weekend, added that the commission intends to pursue the course of revamping institutional accreditation, commencement of accreditation of part-time programmes and resumption of the Nigerian University System Annual Review Meeting.
He also said that the accreditation of academic programmes by professional bodies, shortfall in personnel emoluments and incorporation of universities into the Integrated Personnel Payroll Information Systems and matters arising from the 2009 agreement between the federal government and Academic Staff Union of Universities would be given due attention.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Thursday April 13, 50 people rallied outside of the Northwest Detention Center in support of hundreds prisoners inside on hunger strike. Since then they have continued to hold daily rallies outside, receiving calls from those inside and approaching the gates to chant “you're not alone!”. The women's section of the detention center has also joined in, with as many as 750 refusing food to protest the conditions inside.
The Northwest Detention Center serves as ICE's regional home in Western Washington, and also as a profit making machine for Geo Group, Inc.
A letter containing their demands was circulated by Northwest Detention Center Resistance. These demands – including lower commissary prices, increased recreation time, improved medical attention, and an increase in wages for working detainees – show a private corporation crowding working class people into a cage, feeding them on a cheap diet of only beans, and forcing them to work for pennies all to squeeze profits from human misery.
At the rally, speeches by families of those striking inside painted a grim picture of overcrowding, food shortages, and intentionally shuffling inmates around to undermine their ability to prepare their cases. For all of these families, one consistent message rang through: Trump and ICE are ripping our families apart!
Organizer Maru Mora outlined the situation for immigrants and their families: not only is Trump ramping up deportations and xenophobic anti-immigrant sentiment, Democratic Governor Jay Inslee's resolution claiming that Washington state won't work with ICE is proving to be a paper tiger. Grace Chavez told the story of how a state trooper called ICE agents to the scene after her husband had been rear ended – her husband is inside the detention center among the hunger strikers.
Socialist Alternative stands in solidarity with the hunger strikers, and we are actively participating in the sustained support rallies.
We need to fight for humane conditions within these detention facilities today – no one deserves this type of treatment. Further, the policies that create these facilities benefit only the businesses that want to see wages kept down. As working people, we understand that no worker is our enemy, instead they are a potential ally to build collective power. We need to fight for an end to deportations, and the dividing strategies of profit-hungry corporations searching for the lowest possible wages. To amplify the voices of the hunger strikers, unions and activist organizations should orient towards mass workplace actions on May 1. Traditionally a day of worker and immigrant struggle, May 1 could provide a nationally rallying cry pulling together some of the on-the-job actions we have already seen, like the taxi driver strike, the Day Without an Immigrant, and the International Women's Day sick outs, and escalating them to put pressure on Trump and his billionaire cronies.
By uniting our movements against Trump and forcing profits to grind to a halt, we can not only say “No Ban! No Wall! No Deportations!” we can make these policies absolutely untenable through mass working-class resistance.
The filmmaker revealed in his first interview since his health scare that he has lost 32 pounds.
Filmmaker Kevin Smith has described a heart attack he suffered two months ago as the best thing that could have happened to him.
The writer and director, who rose to prominence with films including Clerks and Mallrats, made the claim in his first interview since his health scare on US network NBC's morning programme TODAY.
Smith, 47, suffered the attack while he was recording a television programme in California on February 25. The type of attack he had is known colloquially by medics as a “widow-maker” due to its low survival rate.
He revealed to TODAY presenters Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin that he has lost 32 pounds after following doctors' advice to make lifestyle changes.
He said “I feel great. Honestly the heart attack was the best thing that ever happened to me.
“It made sense, none of the blood was going through there for who knows how long. I had 100 percent blockage, so I wasn't getting proper oxygen. So now I feel great.”
Speaking about his weight loss, Smith said he had been advised by doctors to lose 50 pounds.
He revealed he had been following a plant-based diet to reduce cholesterol and he has also been made a Weight Watchers ambassador.
He said “This is the weight I was when I met my wife. This is a good weight to be at. Last time I weighed this little, I scored big time.”
The comedy writer said he had not realised he was having a heart attack until he was in the operating theatre for surgery.
He said: “I was talking the whole operation. They (The doctor) told me later on ‘You're very chatty'.
“It didn't feel like I was having a heart attack, I didn't recognise that it was happening.
“But as they (surgeons) went up inside me and opened up that vein, suddenly I just breathed and felt a world better.”
ANKARA, Turkey (AP) - Turkish archaeologists believe they may have discovered the remains of St. Nicholas - from whom the legend of Santa Claus emerged - beneath a church at his birthplace in southern Turkey, an official said Thursday.
St. Nicholas was born and served as a bishop of what is now the Turkish Mediterranean town of Demre, near Antalya, in the 4th century. He was buried in the area formerly known as Myra, but his bones were believed to have been stolen and taken to the southern Italian town of Bari.
Archaeologists, however, have recently discovered what they think is a temple below the church and now believe his remains may be lying there, Cemil Karabayram, the head of Antalya's Reliefs and Monuments authority, told The Associated Press by telephone.
Archaeologists are looking for a way into the temple without harming the 11th-century Church of St. Nicholas, Karabayram said.
Karabayram said the temple was discovered through geo-radar surveys of the church that were conducted as part of a restoration project.
"It is a temple that is intact, has not been touched but may have been affected by an earthquake," he said.
"This is an important find both culturally and for Turkey's tourism," Karabayram said.
St. Nicholas was known for his generosity. His legend spread around the world and became interwoven with mythical stories of the gift-giving Santa Claus.
Karabayram said that the bones that were smuggled to Bari may have been the remains of another priest.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Police look over the scene of a homicide at a convenience store in southwest Houston on July 3, 2018.
HOUSTON - A clerk was killed Tuesday when he tried to stop a robbery at a southwest Houston convenience store, police said.
The incident happened about 9:30 p.m. at the Shop 4 All Food Store at the corner of McHard Road and Park Manor Street.
Houston police said a man dressed in black clothing and a ski mask walked into the store, pointed a gun at a clerk and demanded money. Another clerk who was in the back of the store heard what was going on and confronted the robber, police said. The robber fired once, killing the second clerk, police said.
The robber ran from the store without taking anything, police said.
The first clerk was not injured.
The victim's identity was not immediately released.
Anyone with information about the case is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 713-222-8477.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Everything you need to know about the BBC's coverage of the RHS flower show
Every year The RHS Hampton Court Palace Flower Show shows off the finest in intricate gardening and floral displays.
Advertisement
The Chelsea Flower Show may dominate the BBC's schedules in June, but the good news is that the broadcaster is also providing full behind-the-scenes coverage from Hampton Court over four nights this week.
Here's everything you know to about the BBC Hampton Court Palace Flower Show coverage.
When is the Hampton Court Flower Show on TV?
The RHS Hampton Court Palace Flower Show is shown over four consecutive programmes, starting on Tuesday 3rd July, each showing on BBC2 at 9.30pm.
This is the fourth year the BBC will have broadcast from the flower show, and it will be covered across four 30-minute episodes.
The show is an annual event that has occurred at Hampton Court Palace since 1993, attracting around 140,000 visitors a year.
The theme for the 2018 show is ‘Lifestyle Gardens' and there will be 11 individual gardens each with its own design.
There will also be a garden that pays homage to the BBC series Countryfile, which is celebrating its 30th anniversary this year.
Who are the presenters for the BBC's Hampton Court Flower Show coverage?
New Radio 2 drive time host Jo Whiley will be presenting, alongside veteran gardener Joe Swift.
Advertisement
The RHS Hampton Court Palace Flower Show starts Tuesday 3rd July on BBC2 at 9.30pm
By DAVE COLLINS
Associated Press
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) - Veterans who say they responded to a 1966 accident involving U.S. hydrogen bombs in Spain and then became ill from radiation exposure asked a federal appeals court on Monday to allow a class action lawsuit against the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.
Yale Law School students in Connecticut filed the request with the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims on behalf of veterans who sought disability benefits from the VA but were denied. The students represent Air Force veteran Victor Skaar, of Nixa, Missouri, and want to include other veterans who believe they deserve VA benefits.
VA officials did not immediately return messages seeking comment Monday. The motion names Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin as the defendant.
On Jan. 17, 1966, a U.S. B-52 bomber and a refueling plane crashed into each other during a refueling operation near the southern Spanish village of Palomares, killing seven of 11 crew members but no one on the ground. At the time, the U.S. was keeping nuclear-armed warplanes in the air near the Soviet border as the Cold War was in full swing.
The midair collision resulted in the release of four U.S. hydrogen bombs. None of the bombs exploded, but the plutonium-filled detonators on two went off, scattering 7 pounds (3 kilograms) of highly radioactive plutonium 239 across the landscape.
The 1,600 servicemen who were sent to the crash site area to recover the weapons and clean up the contamination were exposed to dangerous levels of radiation daily for weeks or months at a time, according to the court motion filed Monday. Many of the servicemen later developed various forms of cancer, blood disorders, heart and lung dysfunction and other sicknesses but were denied disability benefits by the Department of Veterans Affairs.
"This class action seeks to compel the VA to acknowledge that veterans at Palomares participated in a radiation-risk activity that would make any radiogenic conditions they developed presumptively service-connected," said Derek Mraz, one of the Yale students working on the case. "The VA acknowledges this service connection for many other atomic veterans."
Skaar, the Air Force veteran, said he suffers from a blood disorder and developed melanoma and prostate cancer, which were successfully treated. He said he believes his ailments were related to his service in Palomares.
Skaar, 81, said he and other military members responded quickly to the Palomares accident and did not wear protective clothing or masks as they determined the scope of the contamination and "cleaned" it up. The cleanup involved removing topsoil in some areas and hosing down buildings with water.
Skaar said he and his fellow servicemen did what they were ordered to do without complaint at Palomares and now feel betrayed by their government.
"It's absolutely ridiculous to see how we have been treated," he said. "We're all hurt. We were ignored, absolutely ignored."
The Yale students said they believe this is the first federal appeals court case involving Palomares veterans. The Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, which hears appeals of VA denials of benefits, only recently was given authority to hear class action cases, they said.
The law school students also sued the Department of Defense in October on behalf of veterans groups seeking to compel it to release records relating to the Palomares accident, including environmental testing data and urine testing results. A department spokesman said he could not comment on pending litigation.
The Yale students said original testing showed that many Palomares veterans were exposed to dangerously high levels of radiation, but a 2001 report commissioned by the VA concluded those results were "unreasonably high." And in 2013, VA officials used the 2001 report concluding the veterans' exposure to radiation wasn't high enough to qualify them for free VA medical care and other benefits.
The students said the report and the 2013 conclusion are flawed.
U.S. Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Connecticut, said the VA needs to take another look at the veterans' claims.
"These veterans were exposed to dangerous radiation while they faithfully served our nation in the clean-up of the hydrogen bomb accident," he said in a statement. "They deserve a fair and consistent process for determining veterans benefits related to such exposure."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
While the heated debate over the government's proposed tax changes carries on in Parliament, the ethics watchdog is keeping its distance — at least for now — from allegations by Conservative MPs that Finance Minister Bill Morneau is putting himself in a conflict of interest.
The Morneau family business, Morneau Shepell, is one of the major pension management firms in the country. The opposition has been increasingly citing it as an attack line in the tax debate, claiming it will ultimately benefit from the proposed reforms on tax planning through private corporations.
A spokesperson for Ethics Commissioner Mary Dawson said they are monitoring the situation, but the office doesn't see the need to formally investigate the matter.
“There does not appear to be reasonable grounds at this time for the Commissioner to launch an examination under the Conflict of Interest Act or an inquiry under the Conflict of Interest Code for Members of the House of Commons,” said Jocelyne Brisebois.
She said the office generally does not investigate “if there is no specific information to suggest that a provision of the Act or the Code may have been contravened.”
Pierre Poilievre, the Conservative finance critic, has often brought up the conflict-of-interest concerns during question period, but said the party hasn't filed a formal complaint.
“We are considering a complaint to the ethics commissioner but we're still in the information-gathering phase,” he said.
The most frequent accusation made against Morneau is that the proposed restrictions on keeping money inside private corporations will prompt more people to take out individual pension plans, of which Morneau Shepell is one of the largest providers in the country.
Morneau has previously called this allegation “absurd,” saying it's a tiny proportion of the company's business. The National Post has also reported that finance officials have been urging the government to make these reforms for years, well before Morneau was named finance minister.
This week the Conservatives brought up another area where Morneau could be in a conflict. They noted that Morneau Shepell has a subsidiary registered in Barbados, where there are rock-bottom corporate tax rates, and the government has indicated it will soon review the treaty that allows Canadian companies to benefit from these low rates.
Over the past few months, the tax debate has brought closer scrutiny on Morneau's relationship to the company he ran before getting elected in October 2015. He resigned from all positions upon taking public office, but it is unclear how large his ownership stake in Morneau Shepell remains today.
At the time of his election, publicly viewable documents showed that an Alberta numbered company controlled by Morneau owned more than two million shares of Morneau Shepell, worth more than $30 million. Morneau still reports that numbered company on his ethics disclosure form, but his office will not comment on his current shareholdings beyond noting that he has complied with all of the rules for a minister's investments.
Those rules state that a minster must divest assets that could be affected by government decisions, by either selling them in an arm's-length transaction or placing them in a blind trust.
A Morneau Shepell spokesperson said that “since the time Bill Morneau's shares were placed in a blind trust in 2015, we have no knowledge of whether or not the blind trust continues to own shares in Morneau Shepell.”
When Morneau took office, a conflict-of-interest screen was put in place that obligated Morneau to “abstain from any participation in any matters or decisions, other than those of general application, relating to Morneau Shepell Inc. or its subsidiaries, affiliates and associates.”
Critics point to the “general application” clause as a loophole in Canada's conflict-of-interest rules that allows a minister to continue engaging in almost all discussions that could affect the named company.
“Ninety-nine per cent of the decisions that they make as ministers are matters of general application,” said Duff Conacher, the co-founder of Democracy Watch. He has an ongoing Federal Court challenge of these screens as ineffective, and argues that handing out contracts or hiring staff would seem to be the only decisions that don't fall under general application.
“It's a gigantic loophole that means the Conflict of Interest Act should really be called the Almost Impossible To Be In A Conflict Of Interest Act.”
• Email: bplatt@postmedia.com | Twitter: btaplatt
(Philip Toscano/PA via AP). A person sleeps by their tent before joining the entrance queue in Wimbledon Park on day three at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018.
(AP Photo/Ben Curtis). Madison Keys of the US arrives for the women's singles match against Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand on the third day at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018.
LONDON (AP) - The Latest from Wimbledon (all times local):
3:15 p.m.
Five-time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams once again dropped the opening set, and once again dominated the rest of the way to win.
The No. 9 seed, at 38 the oldest woman in the draw, came back to beat 141st-ranked qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru of Romania 4-6, 6-0, 6-1 to reach the third round at the England Club.
Williams got broken in the first game and did not recover in the opening set, in which she made 12 unforced errors, twice as many as Dulgheru. Nine of those were errant forehands.
But the American, the runner-up at Wimbledon a year ago, then won seven games in a row.
In the first round, Williams started by ceding a tiebreaker against 58th-ranked Johanna Larsson before taking 12 of the last 15 games.
___
3:05 p.m.
Lucas Pouille became the latest seeded player to exit the men's draw at Wimbledon after a 6-4, 6-2, 6-7 (8), 3-6, 6-2 defeat to Austrian qualifier Dennis Novak.
The 17th-seeded Pouille saved two match points in the third-set tiebreaker before eventually forcing a fifth set, but Novak regrouped to reach the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time.
The 171st-ranked Novak defeated Peter Polansky on Monday to record the first Grand Slam victory of his career.
Novak will next face 2016 Wimbledon runner-up Milos Raonic, who hit 34 aces in his 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) victory over John Millman.
___
2:40 p.m.
Karolina Pliskova advanced to the third round of Wimbledon for the first time with a 6-3, 6-3 victory over Victoria Azarenka.
Seventh-seeded Pliskova didn't face a break point as she cruised through a meeting of the two former No.1-ranked players on Centre Court.
It was the sixth time in seven main draw appearances at Wimbledon that 2016 U.S. Open runner-up Pliskova had advanced to the second round, but she had previously failed to go any further.
Two-time Australian Open champion Azarenka was vulnerable on her second serve throughout, winning just seven of 18 points on it.
Pliskova will next face 29th-seeded Mihaela Buzarnescu, after the Romanian defeated British wildcard Katie Swan 6-0, 6-3.
___
2:25 p.m.
Milos Raonic hit 34 aces to beat John Millman of Australia in straight sets and reach the third round at Wimbledon.
The 2016 runner-up won 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) in a match that only featured one break of serve for each player in the second set.
Raonic reached the third round for a sixth straight year, having lost to eventual champion Roger Federer in last year's quarterfinals.
___
1:45 p.m.
Wimbledon's commercial director has no issues with Roger Federer pulling off a marketing coup on Centre Court.
Federer drew headlines around the world when he walked onto the court wearing a Uniqlo outfit on Monday for his opening match after ending his decades-long partnership with Nike. It was the first time the eight-time Wimbledon champion had worn the brand publicly, but organizers said he didn't violate any of their strict rules in regards to using the tournament for marketing purposes.
"I guess it was like a huge reveal, wasn't it?" said Mick Desmond, the commercial and media director for the England Club. "That's absolutely fine. It's obviously a marketing coup for Roger. ... We set the stage, he's done a reveal."
Desmond said he was not aware of Federer's plans, though tournament staff check all players' kits before the tournament to make sure they don't violate any rules.
"Providing you're adhering to the specifications in terms of the all-white rule and the amount of measurement in terms of branding, then that's fine," Desmond said. "It would have been checked by the club in terms of a technical perspective. From a commercial perspective, that's his business."
___
1:05 p.m.
Mihaela Buzarnescu of Romania has become the first player to book a place in the third round of Wimbledon.
The 29th-seeded Buzarnescu beat Katie Swan of Britain 6-0, 6-3, clinching the match with a backhand winner on No. 3 Court. She was joined in the third round minutes later by 10th-seeded Madison Keys of the United States, who dispatched Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand 6-4, 6-3.
Buzarnescu is making her first appearance at the grass-court Grand Slam, having risen from 213th in the rankings a year ago to No. 28. Swan, ranked 204th, was given a wild-card entry to the tournament.
Keys reached the quarterfinals in 2015 but lost in the second round last year.
___
11:45 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 3 at Wimbledon, with former finalist Milos Raonic of Canada among the early starters as the second round begins at the England Club.
The 13th-seeded Raonic was playing John Millman of Australia as he bids to reach the third round for a sixth straight year. He lost the 2016 final to Andy Murray and reached the quarterfinals last year.
No. 10 Madison Keys of the United States was the highest-seeded woman in early action, playing Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams were both set to play on Centre Court later.
___
10:45 a.m.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as he continues his quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as she goes for a 16th straight match win at the tournament - having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 percent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Wainfleet's participation in mutual aid response will be discussed during a presentation by Ontario's Office of the Fire Marshal at council Tuesday.
The presentation will outline what the township and its fire service have to do to obtain compliance with the minimum conditions for participation in the province's mutual aid program. Mutual aid is when a municipality requests or provides aid to another municipality during an emergency situation, whether it be a fire or something else.
A letter provided to council outlines a number of concerns in relation to Wainfleet Fire and Emergency Services and action items and timelines to address each.
Some of the concerns revolve around lack of incident management and incident command systems. The Fire Marshal's Office says the items can take care by providing training courses to firefighters.
It says the township can explore training opportunities with neighbouring fire services, even suggesting fire operations training at Fort Erie Fire and Emergency Services' fire training.
In the letter, it says the township must “further analyze firefighter staffing at incident scenes with supplementary consideration of the development of initial fire attack teams, rapid intervention teams and fire growth.”
“Until such time that staff are trained in rapid intervention teams and fire growth and other firefighter safety principals, the municipality should not conduct any interior operations, unless they have secured agreements, or have fully trained their staff in order to safely perform those operations.
“If the municipality is currently unable to provide those levels of service due to gaps in required training, than a public information campaign should be delivered to inform the residents that until such time as the training is completed there will be no expected rescue in their jurisdiction/municipality,” the report says.
General News of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: kasapafmonline.com
James Klutse Avedzi, Chairman of the Finance Committee of Parliament
The Volta Regional Caucus in Parliament of the National Democratic Congress (NDC) has nominated the Chairman of the Finance Committee of Parliament, James Klutse Avedzi for the Minority Leader position of the 7th Parliament of the Fourth Republic to be constituted on January 7.
The 25 member group is confident that their candidate who's also the Member of Parliament for Ketu North will receive the endorsement of the party.
Hon. James Klutse Avedzi has in the soon-to-be dissolved 6th Parliament vehemently defended the government when it comes to issues of loan agreements to be entered into by the Republic of Ghana and has constantly been engaged in heated arguments with the Minority Spokesperson on Finance, Dr Anthony Akoto Osei.
The National Executive Committee (NEC) of the NDC will be meeting early this to conclude on the list as all regions present nominees for consideration.
Member of Parliament for Keta, Richard Quashigah told Joy FM that he expects that whoever will get the nod would be a decison based on consensus.
“If we get some committed, merticulous individual that we all agree on to be the Minority Leader and he gets support from the Deputy Minority Leader as well as the whips and the rank and file of members especially back-benchers we can really make the needed impact that our people out there who have elected us are expecting us to make on the floor of the House. As a regional block 25 of us have made a presentation that we think that Hon. James Klutse Avedzi will be best suited as Minority Leader of Parliament, that is the position of the Volta Region. Whatever choices that are made at all the regional levels must be brought together before the elected members for discussion.”
The NDC suffered huge loss in Parliament during the December 7 polls. Before the elections the NDC controlled the legislature as they held 148 seats to NPP's 123 of the 275 seats. However in a massive turnaround, with results declared by the Electoral Commission from 273 constituencies, the NPP have won 170 of them to NDC's 103 to form the Majority side.
Following the NDC loss, lobbying has intensified for the various leadership positions in Parliament.
There have been suggestions that Employment Minister, Haruna Iddrisu is likely to lead the soon-to-be Minority in Parliament, with outgoing Majority leader, Alban Bagbin having been tipped to become Second deputy Speaker of Parliament.
2017 UTME: 62,140 Candidates Will Re-Write Exam On July 1st – See Details
The Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has fixed 1st July for 62,140 Candidates to Rewrite the 2017 UTME. The previous results of these candidates have therefore been cancelled. This was confirmed by the registrar of JAMB, Ishaq Oloyede, at a press briefing after the board's management meeting in Abuja. The 62,140 candidates to rewrite …
The post 2017 UTME: 62,140 Candidates Will Re-Write Exam On July 1st – See Details appeared first on Nigerian Scholars.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Scholars. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Classes started Monday at Tucker County schools, and students attended a normal full class day.
New students at Tucker County High School (TCHS) were welcomed with a new student orientation where they met their new teachers and new principal. Tucker County High School will be integrating S.T.E.M. curriculum and new classes for all county schools after receiving more than $300,000 in grant funding for the 2017-2018 school year.
“We're going to bring up every eighth-grader that's in the county to this school in the mornings. We've hired a new computer principles and computer essentials teacher and that's part of Project Lead the Way and will be part of their completion. We just hope to make it school wide, just different projects and things that we can do this year,” said TCHS Principal Stephen Cosner.
Project Lead the Way provides engaging, hands-on classroom learning experience while students develop in-demand knowledge and skills. Middle school students will begin the project later this month.
Why it matters to you Although the Prompto VR mission will remain a part of gaming history, you can interact with him in the upcoming Monster of the Deep experience.
The Final Fantasy XV PlayStation VR demo that was playable at the E3 2016 show will not be made into a full game, nor will it be made available to PSVR gamers around the world. That means that unless you stepped into Prompto's shoes during that particular show, your chances of ever experiencing combat in Final Fantasy XV up close and personal in virtual reality remain very slim.
The E3 2016 Final Fantasy XV VR experience was a unique one. It let players take over the pistol-toting Prompto, who used blinking teleport points around an enclosed area to jump around a battle with the Deadeye behemoth, firing off rounds to help bring it down, as his companions from the main game attacked it with more typical, Final Fantasy melee weapons.
It was a fast and frantic experience and by all measures went down well with consumers. However, it has now been made clear that those players will be the only ones who get a chance to experience it. The lead designer of Final Fantasy XV, Wan Hazmer, said during a media briefing at the PlayStation Experience 2017 Southeast Asia event that it would not be made playable for anyone else.
“The Prompto Shooting game was actually a showcase back then. It was just to showcase the power of the VR,” he said (via Sirus Gaming).
Although the original demo may have served its purpose, the main reason that it's not being made available now is that Square wants to avoid confusion between it and the recently released Prompto DLC.
However, Hazmer did acknowledge that there was a desire among Final Fantasy XV fans to play around in its universe in virtual reality, so he highlighted that the upcoming Monster of the Deep fishing game will feature a virtual reality mode. The game will be standalone, and so will not require the main Final Fantasy XV game to play and will work in both VR and on 2D screens, giving PSVR and standard PlayStation 4 gamers a chance to catch fish and other lake monsters, while interacting with some of the characters from the main game.
Although Monster of the Deep doesn't have an official release date, it is slated for the third quarter of 2017. The original Prompto VR experience, however, seems destined never to be released.
By MICHAEL RUBINKAMAssociated Press
MILFORD, Pa. (AP) - Alex Douglass was a CrossFit and running enthusiast who ran a 50-mile ultra-marathon when he wasn't working his day job as a state police trooper.
All of that was ended by a sniper's bullet.
Douglass survived the ambush that took his comrade's life on Sept. 12, 2014, but the devastating wounds caused by that single rifle shot still haven't healed.
On Monday, Douglass got a chance to confront his alleged assailant, describing years of pain and rehabilitation for a jury weighing capital murder charges against the man he called a coward. Douglass testified against Eric Frein (freen), the anti-government survivalist who prosecutors say targeted the Blooming Grove barracks in hopes of sparking a revolution. Frein was caught after a 48-day manhunt.
Prosecutors plan to rest their case on Tuesday.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Police are investigating after a man exposed himself to three girls in Bury St Edmunds on Sunday.
Officers were called at about 5.40pm after it was reported that some time between 4pm and 4.30pm a man exposed himself to three girls aged 12-13 near the Flying Fortress playground (off Airfield Road and Lady Miriam Way, on the Moreton Hall estate).
The man is reported as having exposed himself before laying down in the grass in front of them.
He is described as about 30 years old, with a tanned complexion, short dark brown hair and wearing a light grey T-shirt, blue sports shorts and black trainers with white socks.
Prior to exposing himself, he was riding a white bike with black stripes on it along a path near the play area
Anyone with any information should contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference 21672/18.
Niagara Region was wrong to seize a St. Catharines Standard reporter's notebook and computer and acted without any legal authority, says regional chair Alan Caslin,
Caslin's comments in a written statement issued Sunday and again in an interview Monday morning with The Standard are the strongest statements of remorse yet from the Region over last Thursday night's incident which saw regional staff unlawfully confiscate journalist Bill Sawchuk's equipment before ejecting him from regional headquarters.
On Friday, regional chief administrative officer Carmen D'Angelo apologized for the “inconvenience” caused to Sawchuk.
Caslin said mistakes were made and he takes responsibility for them. Staff, he said, answers to the will of council, and he is the head of council.
“The buck stops with me. I'm it,” Caslin said Monday. “As chair of the board, it's my position, although it's a rented a position. It's my decision and if I did not follow through well enough to understand what was going on (outside of council chambers) as well as what was going on inside that is my responsibility.”
However, asked who gave the order to seize Sawchuk's notes and computer and have him removed from the building, Caslin pointed to everyone in the council chambers.
“About 25 councillors, a lawyer, the CAO, staff and a chair,” Caslin said, who also said order had broken down in the chamber at the time. “It wasn't as if one person masterminded what happened. Councillors were yelling across the room ‘What about that piece of equipment? What about this piece of equipment?'”
St. Catharines Mayor Walter Sendzik — who issued his own statement about the incident on the weekend — was pointedly critical of senior staff.
“Is this serious enough that it should become a human resources issue?” Sendzik said in a Monday interview. “This is something that regional council has to take very seriously.”
Sawchuk was covering Thursday evening's council meeting when councillors decided to move the meeting behind closed doors to discuss code of conduct issues pertaining to St. Catharines Coun. Andy Petrowski.
Caslin ordered the audience in the gallery to leave council chambers for the in-camera session. Reporters also have to leave during in-camera portions of the meeting, and Sawchuk left his notes and computer on the media table.
Equipment belonging to local blogger Preston Haskell was also left on the table. On his blog and on Facebook, Haskel said he left the room to use the bathroom before council went into closed session. His recorder was left on, and he could not get back into the room because the in-camera meeting had started, he said. Haskell, who has not responded to interview requests, does not indicate if he alerted anyone to his operating recorder in chambers.
Several accounts of the meeting, including that of Caslin, indicate that Fort Erie Coun. Sandy Annunziata lifted a hat on the media table and found Haskell's device.
Caslin said Annunziata will have to explain why he was searching the media table.
Annunziata was not immediately available for an interview Monday. In a Friday email, he explained his search by saying being an elected official furnishes him with a preternatural sense to detect “political skullduggery.”
In his online posts, Haskell denies the recorder was under a hat.
Haskell's equipment was seized and, after some discussion, Sawchuk's equipment was taken.
Caslin said the episode in the council chambers took about 60 seconds. Sawchuk said it was at least 10 minutes between the time the closed session began until he learned his equipment was being confiscated.
Regional clerk Frank Fabiano locked the computer in his office. Sawchuk was prevented from returning to the chambers to collect his notes by regional general manager Chris Carter.
Flanked by two Niagara Regional Police officers, Carter told Sawchuk he had to leave immediately, or he would have to deal with the officers.
NRP Chief Bryan McCulloch was not available for an interview Monday.
Caslin could not explain To Monday why Carter had Sawchuk removed, saying council's only intention was to have Haskell's device removed from the chamber so they could continue the meeting.
“We all make mistakes, and I have admitted in this case mistakes were made. I think there is an opportunity for improvement,” Caslin said of Carter's conduct. “We didn't see, as council, any of that. Chris is the type of individual type who is pretty animated in his mannerism, and I am sure he could be deemed as intimidating in that circumstance.”
The Standard left several messages for Carter Monday. None were returned.
Last week The Standard pressed senior staff — including Fabiano and D'Angelo — about what legal authority they believed they had to seize a reporter's equipment. Asked during an interview Thursday evening, Fabiano said he was acting on D'Angelo's authority and “invited” reporters to talk to the Region's lawyers in the morning. On Friday, D'Angelo was asked 17 times in a 30-minute interview but refused to answer the question once.
Monday, Caslin answered the question directly.
“I'll answer that,” Caslin said. “None.”
Caslin said the situation was already tense as councillors were delving into the latest Petrowski code of conduct issue, and the discovery of Haskell's recorder heightened emotions in the room. He said no one knew what to do and there are no protocols to guide council or staff.
“All council was there. The lawyer is there. To say one person is at fault is wrong,” Caslin said.
In an email to councillors Monday, obtained by The Standard, D'Angelo laid some blame on other members of staff.
“On Thursday, decisions around the removal of electronic devices were miscommunicated amongst staff, as I was predominantly in chambers with all of you I did not see the actions that occurred outside and that of the regional clerk,” he wrote. “I have followed up to ensure these events are not repeated.”
Sendzik said Monday laying blame on everyone in the room is “buck passing.”
He said D'Angelo and his staff — particularly Carter and Fabiano — have to be held accountable for their decisions and actions. Apologies, he said, are not enough.
The mayor took particular issue with D'Angelo's repeated claim that the circumstance was “unprecedented” in his more than 20 years of public service.
Sendzik said that is because D'Angelo didn't have any experience running a billion-dollar municipal corporation like Niagara Region before becoming CAO.
“He was a paramedic and then at some small agencies before this. He doesn't have the experience running a corporation this size, with this many people and departments,” Sendzik said. “And that shows.”
Caslin said rather than punitive measures levelled at staff, the Region can take the incident as a learning experience and craft better policies.
Specifically, he said council needs policy and protocols about electronic devices used at council, especially during closed meetings.
Sendzik said this is never an issue at St. Catharines city council meetings, because councillors move into an anteroom for confidential matters. Councillors must leave their cell phones behind, and the sergeant-at-arms stays in the chamber to ensure nothing happens to the devices. The sergeant is also the person who monitors the behaviour of members of the public, including the press.
Caslin said hiring a sergeant-at-arms is something the Region should consider.
Both Caslin and D'Angelo have called Sawchuk to apologize for the incident. Sawchuk said he accepted the apologies on a personal level, but did not accept them as apologies from regional council or from the corporation.
“My call was of a personal nature. I know Bill, and I have worked with Bill for some years, I know him to be a man of character and sound judgment,” Caslin said. “To me, it was really about: we've offended someone I consider to be a colleague and someone I respect.”
The Standard is still weighing its legal options and response to the incident.
Why it matters to you This smart autonomous CNC milling machine is designed to help realize any idea of any scale in every space.
What happens when you cross a computer numerical control (CNC) milling machine with some cutting-edge (no pun intended) robotics technology? The answer is a product like Goliath CNC, a portable autonomous CNC machine tool, which just hit Kickstarter. Whether you're a one-person creator or kitting out a bigger MakerLabs space for other tech-minded DIY-ers, this is a gadget you're going to want to get your hands on!
Despite its gigantic name, Goliath is intended to provide a CNC milling machine that fits somewhere between the smaller A4 paper-sized desktop milling machines on the market, and the traditional heavy-duty machines with a much larger footprint. While both of these bits of kit have their place, they also have limitations: The smaller ones unable to realize medium or large sized objects like a stool or a chair, and the larger machines being bulky, heavy and expensive.
Goliath, on the other hand, is a diminutive CNC robot that you can place directly on a work surface, where it moves autonomously to help create everything from furniture to signage. Imagine a Roomba that's designed for cutting things, and then make that thought 150 percent less terrifying and 200 percent more useful.
“The concept of Goliath CNC was born at the beginning of 2014 as my thesis project for a master's degree in design a engineering at the Politecnico of Milano,” Lorenzo Frangi, CEO and co-founder of Springa, the company behind Goliath, told Digital Trends.
“I wished to contribute somehow to the digital fabrication tools world. I wanted to develop something able to manufacture real and quality materials, so I focused on CNC milling machines of a desktop size. Soon after the graduation, I invited mechanical engineer Alessandro and industrial designer Davide to collaborate on the project — both of whom are much more skilled and passionate about programming than me.”
Making Goliath smart is a nifty sensor system which constantly triangulates the robot's position to give it 0.1 millimeter accuracy on the workspace. Using this, it moves around the surface of whatever it's working on, doing the necessary milling, cutting, and engraving to your stated specifications. Materials that it can work with include wood, plastic, cooper, and sheet metal.
Goliath CNC is currently available for pre-order, with a limited number available for $1,750. Shipping is set to take place in September 2018.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Croydon dessert parlour has been handed a its second successive zero-star hygiene rating, less than a year after it was forced to close due to the presence of mice on the premises.
Delights Dessert House, on Croydon High Street, received its first rating from the Food Standards Agency (FSA) on November 10, 2017.
The report, exclusively obtained by the Advertiser through Freedom of Information request (FOI), states that there was “evidence of mouse activity throughout the premises”.
The inspector added that the restaurant should “contact [a] pest controller and get advice”, as well as noting that it did “not have a pest safety system in place”.
Delights, which sells a range of ice cream, warm puddings and milkshakes, was also told it “must carry out a deep clean” and “disinfect” shelving.
The report noted that the parlour, which sells a variety of ice creams and sweet snacks, had agreed to temporarily close while the problem was sorted.
However, just six and a half months after this damning report, the restaurant has received yet another zero-star rating from the FSA after an inspection which took place on May 26.
(Image: Grant Melton)
Receiving an overall food hygiene rating of zero means “urgent improvement is necessary”.
Following their initial report, the Croydon Council inspector noted the parlour would not open again until it had been agreed by the council it could reopen.
However, any improvements seems to have been short-lived, as in the latest report both hygienic food handling, and cleanliness and condition of facilities and building, it was found that improvement was necessary.
Management of food safety was given an "urgent improvement necessary" rating, the worst possible.
Despite several attempts to contact the store, including phone calls and visits to the premises, no-one on behalf of the restaurant has returned a request for comment.
Through the years some of the Toledo Museum of Art's favorite exhibitions have featured art and artifacts from ancient Egypt and the museum's mummies have figured prominently in those exhibitions.
Starting on Saturday, the mummies will be back on display as part of the exhibit “The Mummies: From Egypt to Toledo”.
The mummified remains of two ancient Egyptians and one cat are part of the museum's permanent collection, but due to conservation issues and other considerations are only on view occasionally.
The exhibition will examine the role “Egyptomania” has played in the understanding of ancient Egypt and how that has incorrectly influenced the understanding of ancient Egypt.
It will feature artifacts from the museum's collection as well as other institutions.
"We're delighted to give the toledo public the opportunity to see these human remains, but we do want visitors to respect them and understand what they are,” said Adam Levine, Curator of Ancient Art at the museum. “These are not objects these are people who never had any intention of ending up in Toledo Ohio. So come enjoy but also be prepared to have an emotional experience."
In 1906 the founders of the Toledo Museum of Art, Edward Drummond Libbey and Florence Scott Libbey, purchased two Egyptian mummies: one, a Young Priest (ca. 800 BCE, Third Intermediate Period) and the other, an Old Man (ca. 100 CE, Roman Period).
Admission to the exhibition is $10 for non-members and free for museum members.
Discounted tickets are available for seniors, college students and military personnel ($7) and youth ages 5-17 ($5). Admission for school groups is free.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
GREENVILLE, Pennsylvania (WYTV) – Wilmington secured at least a share of the Region 2 title with their road win 14-6 over Greenville tonight. Robert Pontius threw for a score and also ran for one as the Greyhounds improve to 7-0 overall and 6-0 in the region. Greenville fell to 5-2.
Read more: Week seven high school football stories
A defensive first quarter resulted in 20 total yards of offense and four punts combined by both teams. The game's opening quarter saw all offensive plays take place in Wilmington territory.
After two stalled drives by Greenville, Nate Bell found Michael Blaney on a 43-yard pass play which put the Trojans at the 10-yard line early in the second quarter. After a pair of penalties, Bell again completed a pass, this time to Brenden Calvin, for 19-yards. On 4th-and-goal from the 1-yard line, Brady Gentile scored the first points of the game.
Following an Isiah Gargiulo interception of Bell, Wilmington began their drive late in the second quarter at Greenville's 10-yard line. Bryson Verrelli and Robert Pontius combined to gain 9-yards on the ground setting up a crucial 4th-down. The Trojans' defense recovered a Pontius' fumble for a touchback as Greenville maintained their 6-0 advantage with 2:10 remaining in the first half.
To begin the second half, the Trojans' Bell was intercepted by Cameron Marett after a six-play drive. During the game's first two quarters, Wilmington had gained just 32 total yards on 19 plays from scrimmage. On their first drive of the third quarter, the ‘Hounds controlled the ball for 10-plays and 60-yards. However, at the Trojan 1-yard line, Greenville stepped up again and stopped Wilmington's ground game before scoring a single point.
However, late in the fourth quarter, Wilmington tallied a 4-play, 63-yard drive which culminated in a Pontius to Cameron Marett touchdown pass of 43-yards with 2:36 to play to give the Greyhounds a 7-6 lead with Jacob Winters' extra point.
Greenville failed to set foot into Wilmington territory as Bell's pass to Gentile fell incomplete on fourth down. Then, three plays later, Pontius went 31-yards to score a touchdown to seal Wilmington's victory.
Pontius led the Greyhounds in rushing with 53 yards (TD) and also threw for 84 while completing 6 of 9 passes. Cameron Marett gained 48 stripes on the ground. Marett also intercepted Bell twice.
For the Trojans, Bell threw for 89 yards and rushed for another 35. Gentile ran for 44 yards on 22 carries. Michael Blaney caught 5 passes for 61 yards.
Stats Courtesy of Ryan Briggs
Wilmington football schedule | Greenville football schedule
Scoring Chart
Wilmington, 14-6
Second Quarter
G – Brady Gentile, 1-yard TD run (G 6-0, 6:55)
Fourth Quarter
W – Cameron Marett, 43-yard TD catches from Robert Pontius (W 7-6, 2:36)
W – Robert Pontius, 31-yard TD run (W 14-6, 1:09)
The Greyhounds will host Hickory on Senior Night next week. Greenville will travel to Reynolds next Friday.
Important high school football links:
Scores | Standings | Schedules | Big 22
Why it matters to you Despite being 30 years old, the GIF image format is more popular than ever, particularly on social networks like Facebook.
The image format, Graphics Interchange Format, or GIF – commonly associated with those animated, looping photographs – is turning 30 on June 15, and Facebook is celebrating by adding the option to find and use GIFs within comments. Facebook is also asking readers that quizzical question, how do you pronounce GIF anyway?
GIF support isn't new to Facebook, of course, but the company says GIFs have become increasingly popular since support was introduced to Facebook Messenger in 2015, allowing users to chat with GIFs without opening up a web browser to find the appropriate animation. To date, users have shared almost 13 billion GIFs – from cute animations to funny video-like memes – inside the Messenger app in the last year alone, which amounts to about 25,000 per minute. That number is triple the amount of GIFs sent from the previous year, Facebook says.
For GIF's 30th milestone, Facebook is rolling out the ability to send a GIF in the comments without leaving the platform. The feature, which had been available to select users but is being opened to all global users, just requires tapping the GIF button when commenting, then typing in a few words to find the appropriate GIF – similar to how a GIF is sent in Messenger. Previously, GIFs could only be uploaded to comments by adding a link from Giphy, the GIF library.
Several new GIFs were created for the occasion, in partnership with Giphy. Facebook designed 20 unique GIFs designed starring internet celebrities, including DNCE, Logan Paul, DREEZY, Amanda Cerny, Wuz Good, Brandi Marie, Landon Moss, Patric Starr, and Violet Benson. Besides comments, these 20 animations are accessible inside the Facebook and Messenger apps, as well as Giphy (simply search for #GIFparty or head to giphy.com/facebook).
But is GIF pronounced with a hard or soft “g” sound? That's what Facebook will be asking users in a poll. Despite the file format being around for thirty years, there isn't a general consensus on whether to pronounce the abbreviation like “gift” (without the T) or with a soft “g” like Jif, the peanut butter brand – how GIF's inventor, Steve Wilhite, says it's supposed to be pronounced. The poll will pop up in users' newsfeed, and maybe settle the debate once and for all (we doubt it).
The GIF has been around since 1987 – which makes it older than the World Wide Web – created by a group of programmers led by Wilhite. At the time, the format became popular for still images because the compression algorithm allowed for colored images to take up less digital space. In fact, the first photo on the web was a GIF. While JPEG has superseded GIF as a default format for photos, GIF has regained popularity for looping animations and videos and its universal support by browsers. Happy birthday, GIF!
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Ricky Rubio scored 23 points and handed out 11 assists as the Utah Jazz stunned the Golden State Warriors 129-99 on Tuesday night.
The loss ended a three-game winning streak for the Warriors, who had won seven of eight before facing the Jazz. It was their largest loss of the season.
Utah now has a three-game win streak for just the third time this season.
Joe Ingles led a 3-point barrage by the Jazz that gave the team a 13-point lead at halftime that was extended to 18 at the end of the third quarter. The Aussie knocked down a career-high six triples, finished with 20 points and the Jazz shot 50.0 percent from behind the arc. Rubio continued his recent run of strong play and tied his season-high assists. Derrick Favors added 18 points and 10 rebounds while rookie Donovan Mitchell scored 20
The Jazz hit a season-high 58.2 percent of their shots from the field.
Rudy Gobert anchored a defense that cut off a lot of Golden State drives to the basket and the Warriors never put together one of those offensive runs that typically buries their opponents.
Warriors coach Steve Kerr seemed to waive the white flag with more than six minutes left in the game, pulling his starters.
Klay Thompson led Golden State with 27 points and six rebounds while Kevin Durant finished with 17. Durant and Stephen Curry were a combined 1 for 12 from 3-point range.
TIP-INS:
Warriors: Kevon Looney did not play due to the flu.
Jazz: Rodney Hood missed his fifth straight game due to a lower leg contusion.
LOYALTY AND SACRIFICE
The Los Angeles Clippers traded Blake Griffin to the Detroit Pistons on Monday despite having signed a $171-million free agent deal to stay with the Clippers in July. Curry said players never know how the future is going to work out.
"It is another example of players being kind of pigeonholed into this idea of loyalty and sacrifice and all that kind of stuff when it comes to signing deals and where they want to play and free agency," Curry said. "It's not reciprocated on the other end consistently. There are examples that it is and there are healthy relationships around the league, for sure. Not to sound too negative, but I think there is kind of a consensus that you have to make decisions as you see fit as an individual.
"What's best for you, your family and understand that a part of the league is unforeseen events like yesterday. It's something that will always be part of the league."
CITY EDITION
The Jazz debuted their new "City Edition" uniforms with a corresponding court layout. The jerseys gradually fade from a bright gold around the shoulders, to orange around the midsection to a deep burgundy at the bottom of the shorts that represents the red rocks and canyons in southern Utah. The court also featured the color pattern around the edges and in the "Utah" logo at center court. The floor also featured an image of the Delicate Arch from the Arches National Park.
UP NEXT
Warriors: Travel to face the Sacramento Kings on Friday.
Jazz: Travel to face the Phoenix Suns on Friday.
Why it matters to you There's a new hypercar acceleration king in town, but it's not who you think.
The 0 to 60 mph test is one of the most common evaluations of vehicle acceleration you can find. While it's not as important as you may think, it does show how briskly a car can get up to speed, push your back into the seat, and even put a smile on your face. Cars made by brands like Koenigsegg, however, play in a completely different realm — the realm of the hypercar.
In this lofty automotive altitude, 0 to 60 mph tests are less relevant because hypercars are barely warmed up at that speed. Their tires are still struggling to stick themselves to the road under their engines' massive output. A true test of a hypercar's mettle, then, comes in a trial more fitting for their insane capabilities, one like the intimidating 0-249-0 mph (0-400-0 kph) test, which measures off-the-line acceleration, top-end power, aerodynamics, braking, and stability. The previous record of 41.96 seconds was set by the incredible Bugatti Chiron a few weeks ago, but Koenigsegg just went out and blew it to pieces.
As seen in the video above, a cabernet-tinged Agera RS has completed the 0-249-0 mph run in just 36.44 seconds, smashing the previous time by more than 5.0 seconds. That's an amazing feat to be sure, but if that weren't impressive enough, Koenigsegg didn't even use its fastest car.
The Agera RS is powered by a twin-turbo 5.0-liter aluminum V8 generating 1,160 horsepower, but the example in the video is fitted with the optional 1 MegaWatt package, which boosts output to an incredible 1,341 hp. Clearly, it's no slouch. The plug-in hybrid Regera, though, generates a staggering 1,500 hp and 1,475 pound-feet of torque, making it the fastest vehicle in the automaker's lineup by far. It may be less hardcore than the Agera RS in terms of the daily driving experience — it's designed as a GT car with both speed and comfort in mind — but in terms of pure thrust, the Regera would trounce both the Agera RS and Bugatti Chiron quite handily.
Why didn't Koenigsegg use the Regera for the test, you ask? The $2 million electrified hypercar is very much sold out, so the brand had to “settle” for its second choice. Your move, Bugatti.
The new royal baby is meeting more members of the family! Just hours after the third child of Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge was born (and made his first appearance to the world), the newborn prince received a very special visitor: Pippa Middleton.
The royal aunt and Duchess Kate's younger sister was photographed leaving Kensington Palace after meeting her baby nephew on April 24, 2018.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Pippa Middleton leaving Kensington Palace on April 24, 2018. Getty Images
The Duchess and Prince William returned to Kensington Palace with the baby in tow just hours after giving birth. The baby, who is Pippa's second nephew after Prince George, was born on April 23 at 11:01 am. After announcing the birth, the Palace revealed that "members of both families have been informed and are delighted with the news."
The Queen, The Duke of Edinburgh, The Prince of Wales, The Duchess of Cornwall, Prince Harry and members of both families have been informed and are delighted with the news. — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) April 23, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
A day before Kate gave birth, rumors were swirling that Pippa was also pregnant with her first child. While Pippa and her husband James Matthews have not yet commented or confirmed the news, The Sun and numerous other outlets are reporting the rumors through anonymous sources.
Pippa and her sister Duchess Kate are famously close, and Pippa has spent quality time with the royal family through the years. In early January, she was seen attending church with the royals at Sandringham along with her husband. Pippa included both George and Princess Charlotte in her wedding last May, where the adorable royals stole the show as they served as bridesmaid and page boy.
Lane Kiffin wasn't always the hero we wanted, but he was the one we needed at Alabama.
There's no doubt that the heart and soul of Alabama's success is Nick Saban. Coordinators have come and gone, but the process rolls on. Lane Kiffin however will hold a special place in my heart, because there's never going to be another Joey Freshwater.
Just because Alabama can replace Lane Kiffin though doesn't mean he wasn't a big part of Alabama's success. We all yelled “RUN THE DAMN BALL LANE,” but the truth is that Lane's creative calls set up Alabama's running success. Lane Kiffin didn't allow a defense to load the box because you never knew what was coming next.
You can bemoan the jet sweep and bubble screen all you want, but more than one long Alabama run was probably due to a defense worrying about them coming. Think about where Alabama's offense was with Nussmeier and then think about it with Kiffin. If you've forgotten the mess that Nussmeier created sometimes turn on a Florida Gators game and look at that offense, yikes. Nussmeier is like asking a waitress for a Coke and being given a Diet Pepsi, Kiffin is like asking a waitress for a Coke and being given a line of coke. Kiffin may not be what you wanted, but he will get you there and make it a wild ride on the way.
Alabama fans want to run the ball up the middle every play, but the fact is that football has changed. Because of Alabama's line and talent they probably could run it up the middle and beat most teams, but that kind of one sided play wouldn't win championships these days. I yelled as much “RUN THE DAMN BALL LANE” as anyone, but the reality is that Kiffin didn't deserve all the heck we gave him.
Not only was Kiffin a great OC, he was a great troll. Kiffin was constantly annoying Alabama's rivals, especially the Tennessee Volunteers.
[embedded content]
Kiffin went back to Knoxville and showed no mercy. The hill people hated Kiffin and he reveled in it and made them pay for it, then he laughed at them. God bless anyone who treats the Vols like garbage and looks good doing it.
How eaten up with hate for Kiffin were the Vols? I convinced Vol fans to call a cell phone number they thought was Kiffin and leave messages, and the results were just as glorious as you would have imagined.
Has another Alabama assistant ever had a skit on Tosh.0? I don't think so.
[embedded content]
Kiffin wasn't for everyone, but he sure was fun.
So yes it was probably time for Kiffin to move on, Alabama's offensive results in the Peach Bowl proved that, but I'll still miss Coach Freshwater.
We may never have another coach whose son dabs on Auburn's field.
God speed in Florida Lane, and bring on the “RUN THE DAMN BALL SARK” era.
What do you think? Will you miss Lane Kiffin? Let us know on Facebook or in the comments below.
More from Bama Hammer
This article originally appeared on
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
A huge, super hot alien planet has a stratosphere like Earth does, a new study suggests.
"This result is exciting because it shows that a common trait of most of the atmospheres in our solar system — a warm stratosphere — also can be found in exoplanet atmospheres," study co-author Mark Marley, of NASA's Ames Research Center in California's Silicon Valley, said in a statement.
"We can now compare processes in exoplanet atmospheres with the same processes that happen under different sets of conditions in our own solar system," Marley added.
Related: Gallery: The Strangest Alien Planets
The research team, led by Thomas Evans of the University of Exeter in England, detected spectral signatures of water molecules in the atmosphere of WASP-121b, a gas giant that lies about 880 light-years from Earth. These signatures indicate that the temperature of the upper layer of the planet's atmosphere increases with the distance from the planet's surface. In the bottom layer of the atmosphere, the troposphere, the temperature decreases with altitude, study team members said.
WASP-121b lies incredibly close to its host star, completing one orbit every 1.3 days. The planet is a "hot Jupiter"; temperatures at the top of its atmosphere reach a sizzling 4,500 degrees Fahrenheit (2,500 degrees Celsius), researchers said.
"The question [of] whether stratospheres do or do not form in hot Jupiters has been one of the major outstanding questions in exoplanet research since at least the early 2000s," Evans told Space.com. "Currently, our understanding of exoplanet atmospheres is pretty basic and limited. Every new piece of information that we are able to get represents a significant step forward."
The top of WASP-121b's atmosphere is heated to a blazing 4,600 degrees Fahrenheit (2,500 Celsius), hot enough to boil some metals. G. Bacon (STSci)/NASA/ESA / copyright test
The discovery is also significant because it shows that atmospheres of distant exoplanets can be analyzed in detail, said Kevin Heng of the University of Bern in Switzerland, who is not a member of the study team.
"This is an important technical milestone on the road to a final goal that we all agree on, and the goal is that, in the future, we can apply the very same techniques to study atmospheres of Earth-like exoplanets," Heng told Space.com. "We would like to measure transits of Earth-like planets. We would like to figure out what type of molecules are in the atmospheres, and after we do that, we would like to take the final very big step, which is to see whether these molecular signatures could indicate the presence of life."
Available technology does not yet allow such work with small, rocky exoplanets, researchers said.
"We are focusing on these big gas giants that are heated to very high temperatures due to the close proximity of their stars simply because they are the easiest to study with the current technology," Evans said. "We are just trying to understand as much about their fundamental properties as possible and refine our knowledge, and, hopefully in the decades to come, we can start pushing towards smaller and cooler planets."
WASP-121b is nearly twice the size of Jupiter. The exoplanet transits, or crosses the face of, its host star from Earth's perspective. Evans and his team were able to observe those transits using an infrared spectrograph aboard NASA's Hubble Space Telescope.
"By looking at the difference in the brightness of the system for when the planet was not behind the star and when it was behind the star, we were able to work out the brightness and the spectrum of the planet itself," Evans said. "We measured the spectrum of the planet using this method at a wavelength range which is very sensitive to the spectral signature of water molecules."
The team observed signatures of glowing water molecules, which indicated that WASP-121b's atmospheric temperatures increase with altitude, Evans said. If the temperature decreased with altitude, infrared radiation would at some point pass through a region of cooler water-gas, which would absorb the part of the spectrum responsible for the glowing effect, he explained.
There have been hints of stratospheres detected on other hot Jupiters, but the new results are the most convincing such evidence to date, Evans said.
"It's the first time that it has been done clearly for an exoplanet atmosphere, and that's why it's the strongest evidence to date for an exoplanet stratosphere," he said.
He added that researchers might be able to move closer to studying more Earth-like planets with the arrival of next-generation observatories such as NASA's James Webb Space Telescope and big ground-based observatories such as the Giant Magellan Telescope (GMT), the European Extremely Large Telescope (E-ELT) and the Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT). JWST is scheduled to launch late next year, and GMT, E-ELT and TMT are expected to come online in the early to mid-2020s.
The new study was published online Wednesday (Aug. 2) in the journal Nature.
Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 The Sun Could Have Been Born With An Evil Twin 00:01:19
European football's governing body last month concluded its investigation into transfer contracts and management related accounts at PSG.
UEFA said its club financial control body (CFCB) deemed PSG's accounts to be in line with FFP rules, although transfer activity at the Ligue 1 champion would continue to be monitored.
UEFA said the chairman of the CFCB has now opted to "send this decision for review by the adjudicatory chamber.
"This announcement does not pre-judge in any way the result of the review to be conducted by the adjudicatory chamber of the CFCB."
Since the end of the 2017-2018 campaign, the Ligue 1 champion has seen a number of big-money departures, including Javier Pastore's switch to Roma.
The club believes that activity shows its commitment to meet UEFA's guidelines.
"The club was informed of the wish of the trial chamber of the CFCB to review the closing decision of the investigation made by its investigating chamber on 13 June," a PSG statement read. "The club states that it has made a significant number of transfers in recent days to comply with the decision of the CFBC and that it will continue, as it has since September 1, 2017, to provide all the information requested by the CFCB and UEFA."
Last week, UEFA announced AC Milan has been banned from the 2018-2019 UEFA Europa League due to breaching FFP rules.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Amazon has issued a recall on some solar eclipse glasses citing safety issues.
Some of the questionable eclipse glasses may not have come from a recommended manufacturer. Solar eclipse glasses have been flying off shelves and been sold out in various stores online ahead of the August 21 eclipse.
MORE ABOUT KENTUCKY'S DARKEST DAY:
+ How to view the eclipse safely without eclipse glasses
+ Is a solar eclipse harmful to pregnancy?
+ Where to buy legitimate eclipse glasses
In a statement Amazon said:
"Out of an abundance of caution and in the interests of our customers, we asked third-party sellers that were offering solar eclipse glasses to provide documentation to verify their products were compliant with relevant safety standards. The offers from sellers who provided this safety documentation remain available to customers. The listings from sellers who did not provide the appropriate documentation have been removed and customers who purchased from them were notified last week. Customers can contact Amazon customer service with any questions or concerns."
Through a safe solar filter, only the sun or something just as bright can be seen; all other light should appear dim.
Before and after eclipse totality, or throughout the entire eclipse if you're outside the path, the only safe way to look directly at the sun is through a proper solar filter.
To learn how to check if your eclipse glasses are safe, click here.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Taiwan's immigration department says it has provided temporary accommodation to a Chinese dissident who left his tour group intending to apply for political asylum in democratic Taiwan.
Zhang Xiangzhong abandoned his fellow travelers on April 13 hoping to stay on the self-governing island to promote democracy on the Chinese mainland.
The department said Tuesday that it found Zhang on Monday night and provided him with temporary accommodation because he did not have any. It said it was investigating the reasons for him leaving his tour group.
Taiwan stopped offering political asylum to Chinese citizens to discourage illegal immigrants and a string of plane hijackings in the 1990s by mainland citizens wanting to flee to Taiwan.
The Taiwanese government says it sometimes offers long-term residence permits on a case-by-case basis.
SEATTLE, WA -- An Amazon patent filing surfaced on December 28, describing an airborne fulfillment center for the company's drone delivery system, according to a report by CNBC.
An illustration depicts an airship floating above the city at 45,000 feet from which the drones would fly down to deliver packages. The patent also mentioned possible uses including delivering food and other items to fans at a stadium.
Whether or not the plan is feasible may be up for debate. The logistics of placing a large blimp thousands of feet above a populated area for long periods of time would require regulatory approval, not to mention the fact that Amazon's drone delivery system is still in its infancy.
Other details of the patent filing include rudimentary plans for midair refueling and restocking from aircraft that could dock with the airship.
The patent was actually approved way back in April 2016 but was not publicized by Amazon at the time. An analyst from CB Insights, which covers the venture capital and angel investment world, posted an image from the filing onto her Twitter account on Dec. 28.
The plan itself may never actually come to fruition. Many technology companies file for patents as a way of protecting potential ideas. Sometimes the ideas are never followed through on, or they are just a piece of a larger plan that changes over time.
Amazon's drones have already been tested while being launched from a traditional, ground-based delivery truck. In the U.K. earlier this month, Amazon officially delivered its first package by drone, and the company said it expected to expand trials in the near future.
Spalletti Bemoans Separating Totti From Roma
Luciano Spalletti is hoping Eusebio Di Francesco can reunite Roma, after he admitted to playing a divisive role between Roma and Totti.
Spalletti left Roma after the end of the season, despite leading to second on the table and is now in charge at Inter Milan.
His decision to separate club great and veteran footballer Totti from the club, was a cloud that followed his time at Roma.
“Inter contacted me when I was about to finish the championship,” Spalletti said in his first news conference as Nerazzurri coach. “[Roma president James] Pallotta had already been warned by me that I would be gone.
“After the farewell to Roma, this was the best thing that could happen to me. I say this without wanting anyone to take offence.
“In Rome, I had become the one that divided rather than united. There was this problem on the management of Totti.
“I came to see this contrast – the love for the most important player prevailed on the support and affection that we had to have for the team.
“In not being able to put the two things together, I did not do my job well. These two things must go hand in hand.
“I was in trouble because I heard rumours from the fans. I heard them on the streets, in bars, at traffic lights. Many were in favour but there was a line of demarcation.
“They must all be united. I even now wish this to Roma.”
The post Spalletti Bemoans Separating Totti From Roma appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SARASOTA, Fla. (WFLA) – A man was shot in the stomach during an attempted armed robbery early Thursday morning in Sarasota.
The Sarasota Police Department responded to a parking lot in the 2000 block of Bay Street around 5 a.m.
According to police, the men had been arguing. One man shot the other and fled the scene.
The victim is recovering at a nearby hospital. The suspect remains at large.
No further details are available at this time.
Anyone with information on the incident should call Detective Dan Riley at 941-954-7062.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
CINCINNATI — Coach John Fox answered the final question in a raspy voice and headed back toward his happy Chicago locker room.
“Sorry about the voice,” he said while leaving the podium.
Nobody could fault him. It had been a long time since the Bears had anything worth celebrating, and they enjoyed a lot of yell-for-joy moments against a Bengals team that's gone from hopeless to hapless.
Rookie Mitchell Trubisky threw for a touchdown and ran for another in his best showing, and Chicago ended a five-game losing streak by routing the lacklustre Bengals 33-7 on Sunday.
Jordan Howard ran for 147 yards and a pair of touchdowns as the Bears (4-9) dominated a matchup of the NFL's worst offences. Their rookie quarterback took full advantage of an aggressive game plan, completing a career-high 25 passes out of 32 attempts for 271 yards. He also ran 4 yards for a score.
“We just had fun doing it,” Trubisky said. “We trusted the plan, went out there and let it loose.”
The Bengals (5-8) couldn't believe how poorly they played, describing themselves as stunned and embarrassed by their worst home loss since 2008.
“It wasn't good,” said Andy Dalton, who threw his first interception since Oct. 22 during a loss in Pittsburgh. “It's disappointing that that's what we put out there today.”
The rival Steelers crushed their playoff hopes on Monday night at Paul Brown Stadium by rallying for a 23-20 victory . The physical game also depleted Cincinnati's defence.
The Bengals were missing starting cornerbacks Adam “Pacman” Jones and Dre Kirkpatrick, along with linebacker Vontaze Burfict and Nick Vigil.
The Bears piled up a season-high 482 yards after managing only 140 and 147 yards in each of the past two games.
“Some new people, some moving parts, and you know, it was not very good,” coach Marvin Lewis said.
Some takeaways from Chicago's most lopsided victory in five years:
TRUBISKY'S BEST: The rookie shined in an aggressive game plan aimed at going after the holes in Cincinnati's defence. In the past two games, he has completed 37 of 47 passes without an interception.
“I just feel confident I'm getting better each week,” Trubisky said.
LEADER OF THE PACK: Howard led a rushing attack that piled up 232 yards. Howard has rushed for 1,032 yards this season. He's the first Bears running back to start a career with consecutive 1,000-yard seasons.
“There's a great running back tradition here, a lot to live up to,” Howard said. “So to do so, it's a great feeling.
NUGENT'S RETURN: The Bears signed kicker Mike Nugent after Cairo Santos went on injured reserve with a groin injury during the week. Nugent spent seven seasons with the Bengals, who released him last season after a streak of missed field goals and extra points. He was booed loudly whenever he came onto the field. Nugent missed an extra-point attempt — he hit the right upright — after Chicago's first touchdown, but was good on every other kick, including field goals of 34 and 27 yards.
“You're going to think of some of the negative stuff, but I had a really good time playing here in Cincinnati,” Nugent said. “I hated to see my run here end.”
DALTON PICKED OFF: Dalton's career-best streak without an interception ended at 193 consecutive throws. The rare interception set up Trubisky's 1-yard touchdown pass that put the Bears in control 26-7 early in the fourth quarter, their biggest lead of the season.
HOW LOW WILL THEY GO? The Bengals showed the effects of their loss to Pittsburgh in many ways. Dalton acknowledged that they came out with a lack of energy. The question is how low they'll sink in the final three weeks. Lewis is in the final year of his contract. The game Sunday drew only 52,002 fans. There have been at least 10,000 empty seats for every game at Paul Brown Stadium this season.
“Definitely embarrassing,” receiver A.J. Green said. “Anytime you lose 33-7, no matter how good the other team played, it's embarrassing. We have three more weeks left, and we have to continue fighting.”
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
The Southern Baptist Convention Executive Committee heard a report today (June 12) that “escrowing, withholding [and] reducing” gifts through the Cooperative Program is “not as widespread” as thought in February when the EC's CP Committee created a special committee to study the issue.
The EC also voted to ask the SBC for authorization to sell the SBC Building in Nashville if a favorable offer is made. The committee additionally adopted a resolution of appreciation for SBC registration secretary Jim Wells, who has completed 15 years of service and will not attend this year's SBC annual meeting due to an ongoing battle with cancer.
CP report
The ad hoc Cooperative Program Study Committee — formed in February based on reports of churches' escrowing or withholding CP funds over concerns related to SBC entities — said a “cooperative spirit” that “underlies the Southern Baptist Convention” has yielded healing and a renewal of cooperation in the convention, according to a verbal report by CP Committee chairman Rolland Slade.
The committee was not yet prepared to quantify its assessment of CP-related actions by churches, said Slade, pastor of Meridian Baptist Church in El Cajon, Calif. The limited number of churches that have withheld, escrowed or reduced gifts through CP have cited “various reasons — not just one entity or individual or personality.”
The 13-member study committee will issue a final report at the September EC meeting in Nashville, Slade said. That report will include data on the number of churches that have escrowed, reduced and withheld CP funds, Slade said. That data will be drawn from a survey of state Baptist convention executive directors as well as data compiled by the EC staff on contacts from individuals and churches.
Slade said in an interview the EC staff received a “frenzy” of “calls, emails [and] letters” related to CP earlier this year, “but that has tapered off over time as we all began to pray” and communicate. “We're at a healing.”
The study committee was created less than a week after it was reported that Dallas-area Prestonwood Baptist Church would escrow CP funds over “various significant positions taken by the leadership of the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission.” The ERLC released an extended statement in March “seeking unity in the Southern Baptist Convention,” and Prestonwood announced in April following an internal study that it would resume giving through CP.
Some Southern Baptists had also expressed concern over participation by the ERLC and the International Mission Board in a friend-of-the-court brief supporting a New Jersey Islamic society in a religious liberty lawsuit.
SBC Building recommendation
A process for the sale of the SBC Building was approved by the Executive Committee for recommendation to messengers at the annual meeting in Phoenix. No sale is being negotiated for the downtown Nashville facility, EC president Frank S. Page said in a Q&A for the current edition of SBC LIFE, but a process is needed in the event of an offer that merits action.
The recommendation to messengers would authorize the Executive Committee “to continue studying the advisability of a sale of the SBC Building, and to sell the property upon such terms and conditions, and at such a time, if any, as the Executive Committee may hereafter approve.”
Should a sale ever occur, the recommendation states that proceeds, after such costs as the current feasibility study, would be distributed according to agreed-upon percentages based on those in place when the building opened in the mid-1980s:
— The EC would have a 56 percent share, including the original interests of the former Education Commission and Stewardship Commission which were closed as part of the 1990s Covenant for a New Century SBC reorganization.
— The Council of Seminary Presidents would have a 26 percent share, encompassing the original interests of the former Historical Commission, which also was closed in the SBC reorganization, and Seminary Extension. The Southern Baptist Historical Library and Archives is now operated by the seminary presidents council.
— The ERLC would have a 14 percent share, reflecting the original interest of the former Christian Life Commission.
— The Southern Baptist Foundation would have a 4 percent share.
The discussion of a possible sale stems from the sale of the former LifeWay Christian Resources campus across the street in November 2015 amid a building boom in Nashville. The 14.5-acre property sold for a reported $125 million. The SBC Building sits on just over three-fourths of an acre.
Page, in the Q&A, noted, “The bottom line of all of this is stewardship. If we were ever to sell the building, we would want to assure that we receive an amount that would allow us to not only relocate to a less expensive location, but also to subsidize a part of the Executive Committee ministry so we could lower our Cooperative Program allocation once again. We would love to be able to send more money to reach the lost and engage all unreached people groups for Christ.”
Wells resolution
The resolution of appreciation for Wells noted his “transformative servant leadership” and “humble, yet principled leadership style.”
Wells, who will “draw his service [as registration secretary] to a close” with the Phoenix annual meeting according to the resolution, has “served eight Southern Baptist Convention presidents, providing guidance and leadership to hundreds of presidentially-appointed SBC Credentials Committee members and Tellers of the Convention, as well as hundreds of volunteers enlisted, in consultation with each year's local arrangements committee, to serve in the registration area.”
Wells' ministry spans five decades and includes service as a Missouri Baptist Convention staff member, a director of missions, pastor of nine Missouri churches and an EC member, the resolution stated.
The EC “pledge[d] to intercede for Jim Wells as he faces his cancer with courage and faith, for his wife Judy as she ministers to him during this time of illness, and for the two of them as they prepare themselves for a time of temporal separation until That Day when the Lord will make all things new.”
In addition to recommending that messengers to the SBC annual meeting adopt the resolution, the EC appointed Wells' chief assistant Don Currence of Missouri as acting registration secretary and named SBC recording secretary John Yeats to perform the recording secretary's “platform duties.”
Executive Committee's 100th anniversary
The 100th anniversary of the Executive Committee's founding occasioned comments by Page, who noted it was created in a unanimous vote during the six-day SBC annual meeting in New Orleans in 1917. Such occurrences, he noted, are “miraculous” in Baptist life.
The action followed arguments during the 1916 annual meeting in Hot Springs, Ark., “about the need for an executive-type committee. … There was a large group of people who wanted to consolidate all the entities into one large body to control and promote everything as one entity. There were many who didn't agree with that.”
A yearlong study produced the recommendation for the Executive Committee's creation, said Page, the sixth leader of the entity, which was created with a key assignment: “To act for the convention during the interim of its meetings on matters not otherwise provided for in its plans of work.”
Page referred EC members to a Baptist Press story June 8 by BP chief national correspondent David Roach on the EC's 100-year service, typically in behind-the-scenes fashion, in advancing the convention's work.
The EC's 100th anniversary will be marked by:
-– an updated edition of the Albert McClellan book “The Executive Committee of the Southern Baptist Convention” incorporating updated material by Augie Boto, the EC's executive vice president, and Roger S. Oldham, vice president for convention communications and relations.
— a special edition of SBC LIFE, the journal of the Executive Committee, marking its first 100 years.
— a “low-key” birthday party/anniversary celebration, as Page phrased it, during the EC's September meeting in Nashville. The EC opted for a September commemoration rather than one in Phoenix, “with so much going on” during the June 13-14 SBC annual meeting.
“The Executive Committee does not exist for and of itself,” Page said. “We are a coordinating, supporting, encouraging body. … We exist to see the other entities of the Southern Baptist Convention do their very best work encouraging our churches to work with SBC missions and ministries.”
In other actions, the EC:
— recognized 10 members ending their terms of service: Michael W. (Mike) Routt, Colorado, 2009-2017; Wayne Robertson, Georgia, 2007-2017; Charles W. Boling, Illinois, 2007-2017; Wilma J. Booth, Illinois, 2009-2017; Timothy A. (Tim) Ohls, Kansas-Nebraska, 2009-2017; William E. (Eddie) Kinchen, Mississippi, 2009-2017; Jeff L. Paul, Missouri, 2009-2017; Bryan (Scott) Davis, North Carolina, 2009-2017; Jeffrey B. (Jeff) Watson, North Carolina, 2009-2017; and Danny S. Sinquefield, Tennessee, 2009-2017.
— heard a report from SBC president Steve Gaines, who spoke on the theme of the annual meeting — “Pray! For such a time as this,” drawn from Luke 11:1 and Esther 4:14.
“I believe with all my heart that the next few years will set the course for America for a long, long time,” Gaines said, voicing concern that his grandchildren may have to live “in a country that is so anti-Jesus that they're having to watch every move they make. I want to see them worship in a country that is embracing Jesus again.
“If God set us on fire, if we really got fresh fire, fresh wind in our hearts … God can use us again,” Gaines said.
In a time of prayer, Gaines interceded, “Lord, we look at our nation and we see so much sin, we see so much that is against Your Word and Your will. People are in so much bondage. They need to be set free, dear God. … Help us to share Your Gospel; help us to be about our Father's business; help us to seek first the Kingdom of God; help us to follow You, Jesus, and be fishers of men, make disciples, baptize disciples and teach disciples.”
— selected Salt Lake City as the site for the 2025 SBC annual meeting. Southern Baptists met there for the first time in 1998. Next year's annual meeting will be in Dallas.
— reelected both Stephen Rummage, pastor of Bell Shoals Baptist Church in Brandon, Fla., to a second one-year term as chairman and Shane Hall, pastor of First Southern Baptist Church in Oklahoma City, as vice chairman. Stacy Bramlett, a member of First Baptist Church in Collierville, Tenn., was elected as secretary, succeeding Becky Illingworth who had served the maximum two one-year terms.
— presented a resolution of appreciation to Mark Edlund, who will retire in July as executive director/treasurer of the Colorado Baptist General Convention after 16 years of service. The resolution was adopted during the EC's February meeting in Nashville.
— received for review the 2017-2018 SBC Comprehensive Budget, which includes statements of income and operating budget summaries for all SBC entities.
— heard a report that EC officers have reviewed Page's job performance and granted him a 3 percent pay raise that includes a cost of living adjustment and an increase based on merit.
— David Roach is chief national correspondent for Baptist Press, the Southern Baptist Convention's news service. Art Toalston is BP's senior editor.
The New York Jets won't make another systemic organizational shift.
A team official announced Sunday that both coach Todd Bowles and general manager Mike Maccagnan would be back for the 2017 season.
The announcement came following the 30-10 win over the Buffalo Bills that moved Gang Green's record to 5-11 in Bowles' second season at the helm.
Retaining the GM-coach combo isn't a surprise. NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport reported Sunday morning that owner Woody Johnson is inclined to keep Bowles for at lease one more season.
Bowles is getting the benefit of the doubt after a 10-win season in 2015. A bevy of injuries ravaged a shallow roster in 2016 and the quarterback situation sunk the Jets during a rough opening slate of games.
Per Rapoport, the Jets will likely make a move at offensive coordinator. Chan Gailey is expected to take an advisory role or move on from the Jets in favor of an OC who will be more Bowles' style.
The smallest act of kindness can go a long way toward making someone's day brighter.
That was the resounding message Jeannette Mare, the founder of the Ben's Bells organization, had for students at John Read Middle School at a special assembly on Wednesday. She traveled to the school all the way from her home in Arizona.
Mare traveled to John Read Middle School to honor the school's recent installation of a Ben's Bells mural on the front of the school.
Fifth-grade teacher Suzen Stewart said that John Reed Middle School's connection to Ben's Bells began a few years ago when her class traveled to the Bethel studio of the organization to make kindness coins.
“The students painted coins that would then be finished in a kiln and eventually make their way into the JRMS community,” she said.
“Kindness coins are passed on from person to recognize an act of kindness. At JRMS, we have roughly 200 kindness coins in circulation,” Stewart said.
After their first studio experience, John Read students wanted to become more involved in Ben's Bells and looked into having their school become a kind campus.
“We have been working on including more kindness education and recognizing more kind acts within the school community over the last two years,” Stewart said. “Our new mural was handcrafted by students and installed in May by a team from Ben's Bells and parent volunteers.”
The organization's Bethel studio opened as a result of the shootings in Sandy Hook in 2012.
“After December 14, 2012, a group of volunteers came to Sandy Hook and hung over 1,000 bells. Their impact on the Sandy Hook community was powerful and the studio was opened in Bethel,” Stewart said.
Ben's Bells
Ben's Bells is a worldwide program with the mission to promote kindness through the creation and distribution of handmade bells in random places. When found, each bell has a tag that says “take the bell home and spread kindness.”
Ben's Bells was created in memory of Mare's son, Ben, who died in 2002 when he was just 2 years old.
In front of several hundred students who were all listening intently, Mare said the kindness people showed her and her family during this difficult period meant much to them. Friends pitched in to drive her older son to school, brought her meals, and did many other thoughtful things, she said.
“Kindness is deep, strong, powerful and really courageous,” she said. “There was so much kindness shown to us that I felt supported in all the sadness I needed to feel from losing Ben.”
All these kind acts inspired Mare to create Ben's Bells.
The “bells were first made in my backyard with my friends and family. They're very special and they symbolize community,” said Mare, who travels to school, businesses and other places to spread the word about Ben's Bells.
“On the first anniversary of Ben's death, we hung 400 bells around Tuscon, Arizona, with tags that said take this home and remember kindness. Ben's Bells grew and grew from that time. We have since hung over 60,000 bens bells throughout Tucson, Phoenix and Connecticut,” she said.
Mare told the students that it's okay to feel sad.
“Sadness is a normal part of being a human and we can learn to be much better about listening to and supporting each other if we have the courage to talk about what is making us sad,” she said.
She explained that kindness is a skill set.
“When you practice a skill, you get better at it. It is in our power to be kind, we do get to choose it. Nobody else gets to tell us how we respond to something.”
She spoke about how people tend to remember a negative experience much quicker than a positive one.
“Our brain grabs onto little things and we hold onto those things and ruminate about them. For example, what will you remember easier, a compliment or an insult?” she asked the students.
Several raised their hands and said, “an insult.”
Mare compared kindness skills to surfing skills.
“The more you practice them, the better you will be able to navigate life's ups and downs,” she said.
Authorities say a van and a pickup collided and caught fire on a highway in eastern Thailand, killing 25 people.
The public transit van lost control and crossed the grass median, colliding with the pickup truck going in the opposite direction Monday afternoon, according to Thai Road Accident Data for Road Safety Culture, which compiles electronic insurance reports.
Two people survived the crash, said police Col. Dusadee Kunchorn Na Ayutthaya, superintendent of the Ban Bung district police station in Chonburi province.
“An accident like this shouldn't happen but it did,” Dusadee said. Both drivers were killed, and police were not yet able to interview the survivors, to determine what caused the crash.
Jasper A. Bovenberg, an attorney, founder, and director of the Legal Pathways Institute for Health and Bio-Law, is an editor-in-chief of the Foundation Amicus Curiae.
AMSTERDAM– On March 25, the European Union celebrated the 60th anniversary of the Treaty of Rome, which gave birth to the European Economic Community and set the stage for the EU's creation. Like any birthday, it was an opportunity not just to celebrate, but also to consider what has been achieved – and what must change.
At a time when member countries are increasingly pulling away from the EU – and the United Kingdom is actually leaving – the need for reform is clear. Discussions about how to bring the European Council, Commission, and Parliament closer to EU citizens, thereby closing Europe's “democratic deficit,” are frequent and animated. But another institution that could benefit from more input from EU citizens is often left out of these discussions: the European Court of Justice.
The ECJ is the EU's judicial authority. It gives preliminary rulings on the interpretation of the European treaties and the validity of actions taken by EU institutions. It has played a central role in the legal integration of the EU, adjudicating the limits of the EU's authority and shaping the definition and application of its core principles. And it acts de facto (if not de jure) as a constitutional court.
Over the years, the ECJ's judicial activism has encountered both praise and criticism, with some claiming that its growing powers have eroded its popular legitimacy. Such claims have gained traction since the expansion of the court's jurisdiction to include areas like human rights, monetary policy, immigration, and citizenship.
Many ECJ decisions have a political dimension and concern fundamental principles. Examples include the patentability of human embryos, the legality of monetary-policy decisions by the European Central Bank, and the privacy of European Facebook users. All ECJ decisions extend beyond the specific disputes at issue, to have binding effect erga omnes (toward everyone), as opposed to merely inter partes (between the parties).
Given the far-reaching implications of ECJ decisions, there is a strong case for the issues at stake not only to be scrutinized ex post, but also to be assessed ex ante. And, to some extent, they are: EU member states and the European Commission can submit their written observations on pending cases (though the ECJ doesn't publish them).
But affected third parties, much less the general public, do not have any avenue to inform the court of their knowledge, perspectives, or interests, or to demonstrate how a decision would affect them or their communities and societies. This is a serious shortcoming. Without information and insights from those affected, a court cannot effectively balance all relevant interests and assess all potential implications.
The ECJ's peers elsewhere in the world seem to recognize this. In the United States, for example, the Supreme Court invites third-party and public input, in the form of so-called amicus curiae (“friend of the court”) briefs.
The goal of an amicus curiae, which dates back to Roman law, is to contribute to the quality and legitimacy of the administration of justice, and hence to the promotion and strengthening of the rule of law. An amicus can fulfill one of two roles: independent expert or interested advocate.
Independent experts may submit scientific evidence, which could confirm or refute assumptions on which the Court is to base its verdict. Those experts may be from the legal field, but they don��t have to be: there are plenty of areas where experts might have something to contribute to a pending decision. In the seminal school segregation case Brown v. Board of Education, the US Supreme Court cited a number of social-science studies that challenged the assumption that “separate but equal” public education was possible at all.
In the near future, it seems likely that the ECJ's decision-making may also be aided and informed by Big Data analysis and Artificial Intelligence applications, such as IBM's Watson and the ROSS AI research tool. But the ECJ would nonetheless put “public intelligence” first.
An amicus curiae acting as an advocate of a public or private interest could enrich the ECJ's understanding of the implications of pending decisions. Such an advocate could highlight the decision's impact on an individual, a business or economic sector, a religious, social, or economic group, or even a foreign government.
A court is typically not required to discuss the contents of an amicus brief, let alone be guided by it. But the ECJ is not bound to heed the written observations of EU member states or the European Commission, either. That does not negate the value of filing them. The ECJ can also technically disregard the opinions rendered by its advocate-general, but it rarely does.
Because the ECJ's current procedures do not allow for the submission of amicus briefs, we have taken it upon ourselves to create a platform by which the public can deliver them. Our platform – the first of its kind – collects, presents, and categorizes references for a preliminary ruling pending before the ECJ, with the possibility to leave a brief.
The timing for submitting briefs on our platform is the same as that for EU member states and the Commission to file their written observations. That way, amicus briefs received by the platform can inform not only the ECJ's decision-making, but also the written observations delivered by those bodies, and even the advocate-general.
As the EU continues to develop, the ECJ's role will only become more important, and its legitimacy will face more challenges. It is essential that the ECJ's decisions and the values it enforces reflect an understanding of all relevant interests and potential implications, and that the public feels that it is being heard. The only way to achieve that is to establish channels for EU citizens to share their knowledge and insights with the court.
The ECJ is even older than the Treaty of Rome: it turns 65 in December. If its birthday is to be a happy one, it will have to invite its friends for a little help.
By Hayden Wright
Yesterday, Maroon 5 revealed the tracklist and roster of collaborators on Red Pill Blues, their sixth studio album which drops November 3. Today, fans can hear “Help Me Out” featuring Julia Michaels.
Related: Maroon 5 Reveal ‘Red Pill Blues' Tracklist & Special Guests
The “Issues” singer duets with Adam Levine on the track, which focuses on two people helping one another overcome life's challenges.
“I'm getting kinda over this/ I need a metamorphosis /Are you as weak as me? /If not, do you wanna be?” Levine sings. “I need some temporary saving / I need some, some uncomplicated…”
The singers duet over a spare, electronic soundscape that's both moody and upbeat—and Michaels' voice is an excellent complement to Levine's. “Help Me Out” follows “What Lovers Do,” Maroon 5's collaboration with SZA that debuted last month.
Listen to “Help Me Out” here:
Former presidential candidate Bernie Sanders apologizes for his campaign worker James T Hodgkison and the attempted mass murder of republicans in congress.
Bernie's campaign worker James T Hodgkison (66) [pictured left] shot five people:
♦ House GOP Whip Steve Scalise
♦ Zak Barth (congressional aide)
♦ Matt Mika (lobbyist)
♦ David Bailey (capitol hill police)
♦ Krystal Griner (capitol hill police)
.
It will be interesting to see if the Democrats on Capitol Hill continue supporting political violence against President Trump and Republicans now that their supporters have started shooting people.
Advertisements
The Washington Capitals pulled even with the Vegas Golden Knights after a gutsy 3-2 road win in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final on Wednesday.
Lars Eller played the role of hero for the Capitals with a three-point night. The 29-year old tied the game 10 minutes after James Neal opened the scoring for Vegas, finishing a nifty passing sequence for his sixth of the playoffs. Eller added the primary assists on Washington's final two tallies from Alex Ovechkin and Brooks Orpik, respectively, to put the bow on top of arguably the best game of his NHL career.
Orpik's second-period goal, a seeing-eye shot that found its way past Fleury, held up as the winner, and was the blue-liner's first goal of any kind, regular season or playoffs, since February 2016 — a streak spanning 220 games and one that dates back to several months before Vegas was even awarded an NHL franchise.
But, the result could have been a whole different story were it not for goaltender Braden Holtby, who made an absolutely incredible paddle save on Alex Tuch in the dying moments to preserve the W.
Alex Ovechkin found the twine for the first Stanley Cup Final goal of his career, while Michal Kempny, Andre Burakovsky (2) and Nick Backstrom added helpers for Washington. Neal and Shea Theodore tallied for the Golden Knights, with Reilly Smith, William Karlsson, Luca Sbisa and Colin Miller recording assists.
Eller was the offensive juggernaut for the Capitals in Game 2, but Holtby was the star in stopping 37 of 39 shots he faced with many — including that save-of-the-season candidate near the end of the game — of the dangerous variety. Marc-Andre Fleury, meanwhile, put in his second straight mediocre performance, turning aside 23 of 26 biscuits the Capitals threw his way.
Story Continues
Aside from outshooting Washington by 13, Vegas also held a heavy (6:27 to 4:32) edge in offensive zone possession time. Slot shots were 13-12 in favour of the Golden Knights, while the Capitals had a 19-18 advantage in scoring chances. Washington is now 9-3 away from home this postseason.
It wasn't all gravy for the Caps, however, as the team lost first-line centre and potent power-play threat Evgeny Kuznetsov to an upper-body injury, which appeared to be a hand or wrist issue, in the first period after taking a hit along the boards from Brayden McNabb.
It was the Capitals' first ever win in a Stanley Cup Final series, as the team was swept by Detroit in its only other appearance in 1998. The clubs now have a two-day layoff before the puck drops for Game 3 in Washington on Saturday night.
More Stanley Cup Final coverage on Yahoo Sports:
Pop stars are invading the Golden Globes again this year with nominees such as Mariah Carey, Nick Jonas and Mary J. Blige, who is up for two awards.
Pop stars are invading the Golden Globes again this year with nominees such as Mariah Carey, Nick Jonas and Mary J. Blige, who is up for two awards.
(George Kraychyk/Hulu via AP). This image released by Hulu shows Elisabeth Moss as Offred in a scene from the critically acclaimed, "The Handmaid's Tale."
(Niko Tavernise/20th Century Fox via AP). In this image released by 20th Century Fox, Tom Hanks portrays Ben Bradlee, left, and Meryl Streep portrays Katharine Graham in a scene from "The Post."
By JAKE COYLE
AP Film Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - Guillermo del Toro's Cold War-era fairytale "The Shape of Water" swam away with a leading seven nominations from the Golden Globes, while the HBO drama "Big Little Lies" led television nominees with six nods.
In what's being viewed as a wide-open Oscar race so far, several films followed closely behind "The Shape of Water," including Steven Spielberg's Pentagon Papers drama "The Post," with six nominations, including the best actress for Meryl Streep and best actor for Tom Hanks. Martin McDonagh's revenge drama "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" also got a major boost in the nominations announced Monday in Beverly Hills, California, with six nods, including the best actress for Frances McDormand and supporting actor for Sam Rockwell.
But as the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood's awards season to confront the post-Harvey Weinstein landscape, the Globes also enthusiastically supported Ridley Scott's J. Paul Getty drama "All the Money in the World." Christopher Plummer, who has replaced Kevin Spacey in the film, was nominated for best supporting actor. Scott was also nominated for best director and Michelle Williams for best actress.
A rough cut of the film was screened for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, which puts on the Globes. Scott is quickly reediting the movie to eradicate Spacey, who has been accused of sexual misconduct by numerous men.
"It must have been a herculean effort, because Christopher Plummer is all the way through the movie," said Meher Tatna, president of the press association. "He really pulled off the impossible."
Notably left out were frequent Globes-nominees "House of Cards" and "Transparent," two of the TV shows affected by the cascading fallout of sexual harassment allegations in the wake of Harvey Weinstein's ouster. As usual, the nominations were partly announced on NBC's "Today" show, where Matt Lauer was recent fired following allegations of sexual misconduct.
The nominees for best picture drama are: the tender young romance "Call Me By Your Name," Christopher Nolan's World War II epic "Dunkirk," ''The Post," ''The Shape of Water" and "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri."
The nominees for best picture comedy or musical are: James Franco's "The Disaster Artist," Jordan Peele's horror sensation "Get Out," Greta Gerwig's coming-of-age tale "Lady Bird," the upcoming musical "The Greatest Showman," and the Tonya Harding comic-drama "I, Tonya."
Despite considerable backlash, "Get Out" ended up on the comedy side of the Globes after being submitted that way by Universal Pictures. Peele himself slyly commented on the controversy, calling his social critique of latent racism "a documentary." The Globes passed over Peele's script, but newcomer Daniel Kaluuya was nominated for best actor in a comedy.
Though some predicted and feared an acting field lacking diversity, the nominees were fairly inclusive. Denzel Washington ("Roman J. Israel, Esq."), Mary J. Blige ("Mudbound"), Hong Chau ("Downsizing") and Octavia Spencer ("The Shape of Water") were among the 30 film acting nominees.
But the best director category remained all-male, as it has for most Globes and Academy Awards history. Many had thought this year might be different due to directors like Gerwig, Patty Jenkins ("Wonder Woman") and Dee Rees ("Mudbound"). But the nominees were: Spielberg, del Toro, Nolan, McDonagh and Scott.
The morning's biggest surprise, aside from the success of "All the Money in the World," might have been the omission of the romantic comedy "The Big Sick," penned by real-life couple Kumail Nanjiani and Emily V. Gordon. Another Oscar underdog, "The Florida Project," emerged with only one nomination, for Willem Dafoe's supporting performance as the manager of a low-rent motel.
In the television categories, the Emmy-winning "Big Little Lies" earned a host of acting nods (Nicole Kidman, Reese Witherspoon, Shailene Woodley, Alexander Skarsgard, Laura Dern) as well as best limited series. (HBO recently announced a second season for "Big Little Lies," which will change its category in other awards shows.)
FX's Bette Davis and Joan Crawford chronicle "Feud: Bette and Joan" landed four nominations, including nods for Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon. Amazon's just-debuted "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel" scored two nods, including the best comedy series. Also with multiple nominations were Netflix's "Stranger Things," Hulu's "The Handmaid's Tale" and NBC's "This Is Us."
Gary Oldman, nominated for best actor for his Winston Churchill in "Darkest Hour," said the scandals have cast an unusual pall over the season, where Weinstein was for decades a dominating force.
"How should we celebrate? Well, I don't think any of it's funny, so I guess that people will stay away from it in the ceremony," said Oldman by phone Monday. "It's evolution, and it's good that we sort of start to check ourselves about what we do and what we say and how we do it and how we say it to people, so I think it's ultimately a good thing. But I can't see too much of this coming up in (the show), up there on the platform, as it were, on the podium. It's not something to joke about, I don't think."
The nominees were announced from Beverly Hills after still-burning fires ravaged Southern California for the past week. The Thomas Fire has destroyed some 790 structures and forced thousands to evacuate their homes, with the blazes even entering the nearby neighborhood of Bel Air.
The Globes haven't traditionally predicted the Oscars, but they did last January. The Globes best-picture winners - "Moonlight" and "La La Land" - both ultimately ended up on the stage for the final award of the Oscars, with "Moonlight" emerging victorious only after the infamous envelope flub. The press association, which has worked in recent years to curtail its reputation for odd choices, is composed of approximately 90 freelance international journalists.
The last Globes broadcast, hosted by Jimmy Fallon, averaged 20 million viewers, an upswing of 8 percent, according to Nielsen. This year, Fallon's NBC late-night partner, Seth Meyers, will host the January 7 ceremony.
No Cecil B. DeMille lifetime achievement recipient has yet been chosen. Last year's honoree, Streep, spoke forcefully against the then President-elect Donald Trump, shortly before his inauguration, leading him to criticize the actress as "overrated." This year, she - along with Spielberg and Hanks - return with a pointed and timely drama, "The Post," about the power of the press to counter lies emanating from the White House.
Said Streep in a statement: "I'm thrilled for the movie, for Steven and Tom, and for the incredible ensemble of actors who made this movie need its moment in history."
___
Lindsey Bahr, Sandy Cohen and Ryan Pearson contributed to this report from Los Angeles.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
When the 2017 NFL Draft is held in Philadelphia later this spring, the Eagles' first-round selection will be either No. 14 or 15 overall thanks to the trade that sent quarterback Sam Bradford to the Minnesota Vikings.
The Vikings finished with an 8-8 record along with the Indianapolis Colts and Baltimore Ravens. The Ravens had the toughest strength of schedule among the three clubs, so they will select 16th. Minnesota and Indianapolis had the same strength of schedule, and the other tiebreakers do not apply since those teams are in different conferences so a coin toss will be held at the NFL Scouting Combine to finalize the draft order. The Vikings, not the Eagles, will be involved in the coin toss with the Colts.
The Eagles traded their first-round pick this year, No. 12 overall, to Cleveland as part of the package to acquire last year's No. 2 overall pick which was used to select quarterback Carson Wentz .
In total, the Eagles currently have eight draft picks. Philadelphia recouped the first-round pick when Bradford was sent to Minnesota. The Eagles have an additional fourth-round selection from Cleveland as part of the Wentz deal. Philadelphia owns its picks in the final six rounds. The NFL will award compensatory picks, which can be traded for the first time starting this year, in late March to teams that accumulated a net loss in the 2016 free agency period.
The 2017 NFL Draft will be held April 27-29 on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway. The first-ever NFL Draft took place in Philadelphia in 1936, and was last hosted here in 1961.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Wells Fargo is being fined a combined $1 billion by two federal regulators for abuses tied to its mortgage and auto lending businesses.
The bank will pay $500 million to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, its main bank regulator, as well as $500 million to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
This is the first fine that Mick Mulvaney, appointed as acting director of the CFPB by President Trump, has imposed since he took over the bureau in late November.
Wells Fargo was fined $100 million by the CFPB in September 2016 after its employees opened as many as 3.5 million bank and credit card accounts without getting customers' authorization. The bank has been under investigation for other practices since then.
Harendra Singh was in a losing battle with New York City over millions of dollars in rent on his waterfront restaurant. So, by his own admission, he opened his wallet and bribed his way out of the problem.
He donated thousands of dollars to the mayor's election campaign and, as a result, got a meeting with top city officials in which he hammered out a more favourable lease.
Singh ultimately pleaded guilty to a federal bribery charge. The man he admitted to bribing, Mayor Bill de Blasio, was not prosecuted.
That incongruity dogged de Blasio anew over the past week after Singh's guilty plea, made in secret in 2016, became public for the first time. Reporters peppered the Democrat with questions about how someone could be guilty of giving him a bribe, but him not being guilty of accepting it.
“Everything we did on that matter and everything else we've done in this administration was legal, was appropriate. We hold ourselves to high ethical standards,” the mayor said. “The federal government looked at this exhaustively. I've got nothing else to say about it. We handled things in the appropriate manner.”
The mayor also suggested that Singh pleaded guilty only because he was in trouble for a variety of corrupt acts, many related to his dealings with political figures on Long Island.
“This man did a lot of bad things in a lot of places,” de Blasio told WNYC radio host Brian Lehrer. “This guy, to save his own skin, struck a plea deal with the federal prosecutors. … He agreed to certain charges for his own self-preservation. But I've been 100 per cent consistent. What he said happened did not happen period.”
Legal experts said there are pragmatic reasons prosecutors might go after someone who tried to pay a bribe without charging the person who allegedly received it.
“In practice, the bribe payer is almost always the easy case,” said Kelly Kramer, a Washington lawyer who leads the white collar criminal defence practice at Mayer Brown. “The bribe payer has a very clear motive. Often times, you'll have internal email or text that makes clear what their objective is. The recipient, you tend to have less evidence about their intent. You might have a recording. Lots of other times it's more ambiguous.”
“Bribery is not just about the payment,” he added. “Proving intent is always the trick.”
The former acting U.S. attorney in Manhattan, Joon Kim, announced last March that prosecutors had concluded there wasn't enough evidence to charge de Blasio with a federal crime.
Investigators had examined both the mayor's dealings with Singh and with another businessman, Jona Rechnitz, who admitted buying himself political access with campaign contributions.
Like Singh, Rechnitz pleaded guilty to honest services fraud in a complex case involving a wide array of illegal acts. But one of them, prosecutors said, was buying access to city officials by contributing more than $100,000 to certain political committees. After making the donations, Rechnitz said he got a variety of special favours, including help with a dispute with the city over allegations that an illegal hotel was operating in one of his buildings
De Blasio has also denied that Rechnitz got special treatment and called him a liar.
The Supreme Court made it more difficult to prosecute elected officials in 2016, ruling they had to take an “official act” in exchange for a bribe for it to be illegal. Simply setting up meetings or organizing events for someone wasn't enough.
Failure to prove corrupt intent led to the collapse this week of the federal prosecution of U.S. Sen. Bob Menendez in New Jersey. Prosecutors said they wouldn't retry the Democrat on charges that he traded influence for gifts and campaign contributions from Florida eye doctor after a judge ruled that they had failed to show an explicit quid-pro-quo agreement.
One loud objection over prosecutors' handling of the de Blasio investigation came from lawyers for former Nassau County Executive Edward Mangano, a Republican awaiting trial on charges that he also accepted bribes from Singh.
Mangano's lawyer filed a legal motion Tuesday demanding that the case be thrown out on the grounds that the government had engaged in “selective prosecution.”
“The new revelations in this case demonstrate: (1) that prosecutors in the Eastern District of New York had both ample evidence and authority to charge Mayor de Blasio; and (2) that they nevertheless made a choice not to pursue charges,” attorney Kevin Keating wrote. “To date, no explanation has been forthcoming as to why this decision was made.”
Assistant U.S. Attorney Lara Treinis Gatz said in a court filing Tuesday that the claim of selective prosecution was baseless.
Associated Press Writer Larry Neumeister contributed to this report.
The? Phoenix Suns plan to suspend forward? Marquese Chriss?for a game stemming from a verbal confrontation with an assistant coach, league sources told ESPN.
The Suns host the Charlotte Hornets?on Sunday afternoon.
The incident occurred after Friday night's 129-97 loss to the Utah Jazz, according to sources.
An argument broke out over a postgame routine Chriss is required to do, sources said.
The second-year forward played 14 minutes in the game and scored three points.
Chriss, 20, was drafted eighth overall in 2016 by the Sacramento Kings and traded to Phoenix on draft night for Bogdan Bogdanovic, Skal Labissiere, Georgios Papagiannis and a 2020 second-round pick.
Chriss is averaging 7.0 points per game this season.
The ICICI Bank on Wednesday said that it will be forming a committee to probe the allegations levelled against its Chief Executive Chanda Kochhar in the ICICI Bank-Videocon row. The matter was raised after Videocon's founders had an investment in a renewable energy company that was said to be founded by Deepak Kochhar.
Coming as a new development in the ICICI Bank and Videocon row, the bank on Wednesday said that it will be forming a committee to probe the allegations levelled against its Chief Executive Chanda Kochhar. According to reports, the designated probing team will be investigating the ICICI Bank-Videocon matter after an anonymous letter had surfaced in which Chanda Kochhar was accused of being involved in illegal financial transactions.
Reports say that the probe in the case will be headed by an independent team. As part of the investigation, the probing team will examine the allegations against Chanda Kochhar. Allegations against Kochhar are that she did not follow the provisions relating to bank's code of conduct and also if her actions involve the conflict of interest.
The incident came to light after Chanda Kochhar was accused of favouring Videocon group while lending the money. The matter was raised after Videocon's founders had an investment in a renewable energy company that was said to be founded by Deepak Kochhar.
Also Read: PM kicks off 5-day 3-nation tour with visit to Indonesia, says partnership can guarantee peace beyond Indo-Pacific
“The scope of enquiry would be comprehensive and include all relevant matters arising out of and in the course of examination of the facts and wherever warranted, use of forensic/email reviews and records of statements of relevant personnel etc. The enquiry would also cover all connected matters in the course of the investigation to bring the matter to a final close,” an ICICI bank exchange copy said.
However, the ICICI Bank had earlier termed allegations against Chanda Kochhar as malicious and unfounded.
Also Read: It's not a joke! Petrol, diesel prices cut down by a mere 1 paisa
For all the latest Business News, download NewsX App
The Back Door has been in operation for 31 years. (Source: James Thomas, WAVE 3 News)
The view of surveillance cameras at The Back Door. (Source: James Thomas, WAVE 3 News)
The ID scanner used at The Back Door. (Source: James Thomas, WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – With a single scan, a Louisville bar was able to store information that would later be helpful in a police investigation.
Multiple people are wanted in connection to graffiti at The Back Door, located in Mid City Mall. Surveillance video captured the vandalism and the same group entering the bar after spraying graffiti on a fence in the bar's parking lot.
"In today's age you pretty much have to have cameras everywhere just for safety reasons," said John Dant, who has owned The Back Door for 31 years.
PREVIOUS STORY
+ Graffiti suspects caught on camera outside Louisville bar
Dant said there aren't many issues at his establishment, but he posted photos of the suspects on the bar's Facebook page to see if anyone could identify the group.
A week before the vandalism, Dant invested in a new ID scanning system that does more than check a customer's age. The system scans the card for your date of birth, address and driver's license number, along with the time you got there.
"If you are coming in and out then we will know," Dant said. "With everything that goes on in the world, we would just rather keep a database."
Dant said the system, which cost around $1,000, was in operation during March 16 and was supplementing 20 surveillance cameras in place at The Back Door.
"I think it was worth every penny," Dant said.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Fear mounts in Austin as serial bomber uses tripwire
+ 1 wounded in shooting on W. Market St.
+ Indiana governor calling special legislative session
Just before 2 a.m., cameras outside The Back Door caught a group vandalizing a fence in the parking lot. The group then went inside and cameras caught even better images of their faces right before they handed over their IDs.
"They obviously don't realize that by us scanning it we have their information," Dant said.
After noticing the graffiti Friday afternoon, Dant matched time stamps on the cameras and the scanning system to compile a list of names and addresses for police.
"You are over 21, so to go around and tag someone's property is ridiculous," Dant said.
Dant said he's using technology to be proactive. Whether it's the underage or problem customers, the system flags people who aren't allowed in the bar.
"Business owners should always have equipment for protection not just for yourself, but for your customers," Dant said.
Dant is working with Louisville Metro Police Department to find those responsible. LMPD did not have any updates on the suspects, but if charged they would be facing criminal mischief charges.
Anyone with information about the tagging is asked to call the anonymous LMPD tip line at (502) 574-LMPD.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Lewis Hamilton thinks this week's Bahrain Formula 1 test will be crucial for helping Mercedes answer its "question mark" over getting the best out of the 2017 tyres...
In 2015, he failed to qualify. Last year, he didn't place. But this year, Heng Saody was crowned the nation's new “King of Chess.”
Wearing golden headgear and an Angkorian-inspired costume, Mr. Saody, 24, defeated his 40-year-old opponent Bin Keaseng in the final round of the national chess tournament during the annual Angkor Sangkranta New Year festival in Siem Reap City on Sunday.
The new champion, who started playing Cambodian chess, a variant of the game, at the age of 15, triumphed in a one-hour televised match watched by a few hundred spectators and played on a raised platform near Angkor Wat that was designed to look like a giant chessboard.
Despite his previous losses, Mr. Saody, of Kandal province, said he was determined to keep competing, drawing on his practice in Phnom Penh coffee shops over the years and lessons from two mentors.
“My opponent was very smart and good, but because of my strategy, I defeated him,” he said. Mr. Saody was one of the two youngest players to ever win the national competition thanks to the smart outmaneuvering of his older opponents, said Vath Chamroeun, secretary-general of the National Olympic Committee of Cambodia (NOCC), one of the contest's organizers.
“His strategy to beat his opponents was very fast and he's very clever to change his strategy,” Mr. Chamroeun said, adding that all competitors had improved their techniques from previous years.
Two-time champion Chheav Bora first won in 2014 at the age of 24, and won again the following year.
The national chess championship has been held annually since 2008. This year, about 160 players took part in the tournament's qualifying round, with the top eight contestants battling it out in Siem Reap City from Friday to Sunday.
Hoy Souna, last year's champion, was knocked out during the qualifiers in Phnom Penh's Olympic Stadium earlier this month.
The NOCC awarded $3,000 in prize money to Mr. Saody, $2,000 to Mr. Keaseng of Kratie province as the runner-up, and $1,000 to third-place winner, Chhoy Vira of Phnom Penh, Mr. Chamroeun said.
Prime Minister Hun Sen also gave the top three winners $5,000, $3,000 and $1,000, respectively.
roeun@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The Story of my life–Ambode
Today is the birthday of Governor Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos. He was born on 14 June 1963. After a 27-year stint at the Lagos civil service after which he was a financial consultant, he ran for public office as Governor in April 2015 and won.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
For reasons beyond my understanding, we as a society have turned our backs on grains. It's not a new thing, but it is becoming increasingly trendy to not only avoid eating grains like rice and bread (potatoes, while not a grain, are also a victim here) but also to create healthier, vegetable based dishes.
Out with the noodles and in with spiralized vegetables.
I happen to be in a very long-term relationship with bread. I certainly don't eat mountains of it, but I could certainly see myself winding up in a fist fight with Oprah over who loves bread more (she would win, I mean I'd see her and just be in awe of her). However, I am guilty of joining the vegetable substitution bandwagon. I make zoodles with pesto pretty often. I sometimes tease my friends by preparing buffalo cauliflower bites instead of making buffalo wings.
Given that this time of year there's an abundance of dense meals being passed around the holiday tables I thought it might be a good idea to try something to give my body a break from the series of bread rolls that have graced my plate.
I haven't tried to make fake bread yet, but I did attempt fried cauliflower rice to see if it could hold its own again fried rice.
As I've mentioned in a previous column, I'm very attached to my Chinese food, so the idea that I could snub regular rice and be some sort of health goddess by replacing it with shredded cauliflower was tempting. Admittedly I was hesitant to try this out, as I wasn't sure if there would be enough soy sauce in the world to stomp out the cauliflower odor and allow me to forget that I wasn't eating rice, but it turned out pretty well.
Fried Cauliflower Rice
Serves 4
1 head of cauliflower
2 tablespoons sesame oil
1 carrot
2 garlic cloves
2 eggs
2 tablespoons soy sauce
6 scallions
Shred the cauliflower with a cheese grater or a food processor until the pieces are the size of rice grains (pre-shredded cauliflower is also available in most grocery stores). Cube the carrot and dice the garlic (or if you have a jar of pre-minced garlic just use 2 tablespoons of that) and stir fry them in a skillet with the sesame oil over a medium low heat. After five minutes add the cauliflower and cook until it is tender. Once the cauliflower is tender, lower the heat and make a well in the middle of the pan. Crack the eggs in the opening and scramble them. Once the eggs are fully cooked add the soy sauce (low sodium works) and the chopped scallions and serve.
The rice is pretty simple, so feel free to add pork or edamame to the recipe. Or if you hate veggies, the recipe could be used to make regular fried rice by nixing the cauliflower for the real deal. Happy eating!
Muhammad is a hurling natural! 17 April 2017
General view of an Antrim flag.
©INPHO/James Crombie. General view of an Antrim flag.©INPHO/James Crombie.
A photo of a young Syrian refugee who has just started playing hurling with a club in Belfast has gone viral.
Muhammad Al Haj Kadour scored two goals on his debut for Michael Davitts against St. Gall's in an U10 match on Saturday. He and his family recently moved to the Lower Falls area of the city after fleeing war-torn Aleppo.
“We would train weekly on a Tuesday night on the park in the Lower Falls on the 3G. He started coming along and was very, very keen," Michael Davitts mentor Micheal O'Brien explained to the Belfast Telegraph.
“Some of his family do not speak English, but they have embraced it and he had been along to a few training sessions. He came along to the match and he actually scored two goals yesterday. But the smile on this child's face, and the background from where he was, is a pleasure to me."
Micheal added: “He is really, really keen, really fit, fast and he loves the game. Even when he goes to block a ball he has the stick right up.
“Seeing the picture of him in the ‘ready' position, I didn't think I would have got the response on Twitter that I did. It's gone viral."
Is One of These 7 Fierce Queens the Next Drag Superstar?
Senior Alabama GOP senator Richard Shelby told CNN's Jake Tapper that he couldn't vote for accused child molester Roy Moore and wrote in a candidate.
Said Shelby: “I didn't vote for Roy Moore. But I wrote in a distinguished Republican name. And I think a lot of people could do that… There's a time, we call it a tipping point, and I think so many accusations, so many cuts, so many drips, drip, drip. When it got to the 14-year-old story, that was enough for me. I said, I can't vote for Roy Moore…I think the women are believable. I have no reason not to believe them, just like the Attorney General Sessions said. He had no reason not to believe the women. They were credible. But I wasn't there. I don't know what happened. But there are a lot of stories there, a lot of smoke. Gotta to be some fire somewhere.”
Donald Trump recorded a robocall for Moore urging Alabama voters to support the child molester.
Said Trump: “We need Roy voting for us and stopping illegal immigration and crime, rebuilding a stronger military and protecting the Second Amendment and our pro-life values,” Trump's voice is heard saying in a robocall obtained for ABC News. “But if Alabama elects liberal Democrat Doug Jones, all of our progress will be stopped full…Roy Moore is the guy we need to pass our ‘Make America Great Again' agenda,”
President Obama recorded a robocall urging voters to support Moore's Democratic opponent Doug Jones, CNN reports:
“This one's serious,” Obama says in the call. “You can't sit it out.”
Two Democratic officials familiar with the Alabama race tell CNN that Obama recorded the phone message in recent days, at the very time Trump stepped up his own involvement in the campaign with a recorded message. Obama does not mention Moore by name.
“Doug Jones is a fighter for equality, for progress,” Obama says. “Doug will be our champion for justice. So get out and vote, Alabama.”
Moore issued a final denial on ultraconservative show The Voice of Alabama Politics: “I did not know them. I had no encounter with them. I never molested anyone, and for them to say that, I don't know why they're saying it, but it's not true.”
One person was seriously hurt when a pre-teen suicide bomber detonated her explosives early during an attack in Nigeria on Saturday, and an angry crowd captured another female bomber and lynched her, AFP reported.
No one had claimed responsibility for the attack, which occurred near a food vendor selling noodles around 9:30 p.m.; however, the incident resembled the type of assault typically used by the Boko Haram terror group. Two girls under the age of 10 had blown themselves up in December in attacks that injured 19.
“[Judging] from her corpse the girl was around 10 years old,” witness Grema Usman told AFP of the New Year's Eve bomber.
An aid worker said the girl's age may have made her nervous, causing her to detonate the bomb before she reached the crowd.
Borno state police spokesman Victor Isuku said the second female attacker's bomb was safely detonated by security forces.
U.S. in Rare Bull's-Eye for Total Solar Eclipse on Aug. 21
It will be tough eclipsing this eclipse. The sun, moon and Earth will line up perfectly in the cosmos on Aug. 21, turning day into night for a few wondrous minutes, its path crossing the U.S. from sea to shining sea for the first time in nearly a century.
Never will a total solar eclipse be so heavily viewed and studied -- or celebrated.
"We're going to be looking at this event with unprecedented eyes," promises Alex Young, a solar physicist who is coordinating NASA's education and public outreach.
And the party planning is at full tilt from Oregon to South Carolina.
Eclipse Fests, StarFests, SolarFests, SolFests, Darkening of the SunFests, MoonshadowFests, EclipseCons, Eclipse Encounters and Star Parties are planned along the long but narrow path of totality, where the moon completely blots out the sun.
Vineyards, breweries, museums, parks, universities, stadiums -- just about everybody is getting into the act.
The Astronomical League for amateur astronomers is holing up at Casper, Wyoming. Minor league baseball teams will halt play for "eclipse delays" in Salem, Oregon, and elsewhere. By a cosmic quirk of the calendar, the Little Green Men Days Festival will be in full swing in Kelly, Kentucky, as will the American Atheists' annual convention in North Charleston, South Carolina.
And where better to fill up on eclipse T-shirts and safety glasses -- and eclipse burgers -- than the Eclipse Kitchen in Makanda, Illinois.
Scientists are also going gaga.
"This is a really amazing chance to just open the public's eyes to wonder," says Montana State University's Angela Des Jardins, a physicist in charge of a NASA eclipse ballooning project . The student-launched, high-altitude balloons will beam back live video of the eclipse along the route.
Satellites and ground telescopes will also aim at the sun and at the moon's shadow cutting a swath some 60 to 70 miles wide (97 to 113 kilometers) across the land. Astronauts will do the same with cameras aboard the International Space Station. Ships and planes will also catch the action.
"It's going to be hard to beat, frankly," says Thomas Zurbuchen, head of NASA's science mission office.
At the same time, researchers and the just plain curious will watch how animals and plants react as darkness falls. It will resemble twilight and the temperature will drop 10 to 15 degrees.
Expect four hours of pageantry, from the time the sun begins to be eclipsed by the moon near Lincoln City, Oregon, until the time the moon's shadow vanishes near Charleston, South Carolina. NASA will emcee the whole show, via TV and internet from that coastal city.
The total eclipse will last just 1 1/2 hours as the lunar shadow sweeps coast to coast at more than 1,500 mph (2,400 kph) beginning about 1:15 p.m. EDT and ending at 2:49 p.m. EDT. The sun's crown -- the normally invisible outer atmosphere known as the corona -- will shine forth like a halo.
Sure, full solar eclipses happen every one, two or three years, when the moon positions itself smack dab between the sun and Earth. But these take-your-breath-away eclipses usually occur in the middle of the ocean somewhere, though, or near the sparsely populated top or bottom of the world. In two years, Chile, Argentina and the empty South Pacific will share top billing.
The United States is in the bull's-eye this time.
It will be the first total solar eclipse in 99 years to cross coast-to-coast and the first to pass through any part of the Lower 48 states in 38 years.
NASA's meteor guru, Bill Cooke, was in Washington state for that one in 1979. This time, he's headed to his sister's farm in eastern Tennessee.
"It is the weirdest, creepy, awe-inspiring astronomical event you will experience," Cooke says.
No other country but the U.S. will be privy to the path of totality. Originating in the wide open North Pacific and ending in the Atlantic well short of Africa, the path of totality will cover 8,600 miles (13,800 kilometers) from end to end.
In all, 14 states (two of them barely) and 21 National Park locations and seven national historic trails will be in the path.
Darkness will last just under two minutes in Oregon, gradually expanding to a maximum two minutes and 44 seconds in Shawnee National Forest in southernmost Illinois, almost into Kentucky, then dwindling to 2 1/2 minutes in South Carolina. Staring at the sun with unprotected eyes is always dangerous, except during the few minutes of totality. But eye protection is needed during the partial eclipse before and after.
With an estimated 200 million people living within a day's drive of the path, huge crowds are expected. Highway officials already are cautioning travelers to be patient and, yes, avoid eclipses in judgment.
The view from the sidelines won't be too shabby, either. A partial eclipse will extend up through Canada and down through Central America and the top of South America. Minneapolis will see 86 percent of the sun covered, Miami sees 82 percent, Montreal gets 66 percent, while Mexico City sees 38 percent.
But who wants to settle for not quite when you can experience the whole eclipsed enchilada?
Not Kevin Van Horn, an astronomy buff from suburban Pittsburgh who will make the 8 1/2-hour drive to Nashville with his wife, Cindy. Nashville is the biggest metropolitan area along the eclipse's main drag.
"It would be like going to the Super Bowl and sitting outside the stadium rather than being inside and watching it," says Van Horn, a total solar eclipse newbie.
By contrast, it will be the 13th total solar eclipse for Rick Fienberg, spokesman for the American Astronomical Society. He's headed to Oregon.
"Going through life without ever experiencing totality," Fienberg declares, "is like going through life without ever falling in love."
To give everyone a shot at the cosmic drama, which falls on a Monday, many schools are canceling classes, while offices plan to take a break or close for the day. The true beauty of the experience, according to NASA's Young, comes from sharing "arguably the most amazing astronomical event that anyone can see" with millions of others.
Those multitudes are what terrify Jackie Baker, who owns and runs the Eclipse Kitchen with her father in a village of 600 that's tucked into a valley in southernmost Illinois. The 18-seat cafe -- which had its grand opening last Aug. 21 -- is named for this eclipse and the one coming up in 2024.
The Eclipse Kitchen is in the crosshairs of both.
While it won't span coast to coast, the April 8, 2024 eclipse will still be a doozy, coming up from Mexico into Texas, moving through the Midwest and into Maine and New Brunswick, Canada. Darkness will last four minutes. The world record is just over seven minutes.
Baker expects to sell out of food well before showtime on Aug. 21. Then she'll just enjoy the eclipse.
That's Cooke's plan, too. "You just need to sit back and take it all in."
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: NASA.
New York (AP) — Cocoa futures trading on the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) Tuesday: (10 metric tons; $ per ton)
Open High Low Settle Change Mar 1994 Up 25 Mar 1944 1988 1943 1970 Up 24 May 1971 2010 1967 1994 Up 25 Jul 1982 2022 1981 2008 Up 27 Sep 1999 2038 1998 2024 Up 28 Dec 2027 2061 2023 2048 Up 29 Mar 2044 2081 2044 2069 Up 29 May 2055 2090 2055 2078 Up 27 Jul 2097 2097 2081 2088 Up 26 Sep 2074 2109 2074 2097 Up 24 Dec 2108 Up 21
OSMC (Open Source Media Center), the free and open-source media player operating system based on the Linux kernel and designed for single-board computers received March 2018's update with dozens of changes, including support for the latest Raspberry Pi model.
Raspberry Pi Foundation announced last week on Pi Day, March 14, 2018, the Raspberry Pi 3 Model B+ single-board computer (SBC), which features updated hardware, including a 1.4GHz 64-bit Quad-core ARM Cortex-A53 CPU, Gigabit Ethernet over USB 2.0, Bluetooth 4.2, Dual-band 802.11ac wireless LAN, and PoE support.
The developers of the OSMC Linux OS (formerly RaspBMC) received some pre-production units from Raspberry Pi Foundation to prepare their upcoming release for the new SBC, and March's update is now live with Raspberry Pi 3 Model B+ support, allowing you to transform it into a versatile home theatre system (HTPC).
"OSMC would like to thank Raspberry Pi for pre-production units which allowed us to support the device on launch day," said the devs in the release announcement. "After updating to OSMC's March release, you can simply swap an SD card out from a Pi 2 or Pi 3 and put it in a Pi 3 B+. We will produce updated images with support shortly."
Here's what's new in OSMC's March release
Apart from the Raspberry Pi 3 Model B+ support, OSMC's March release brings a bunch of other goodies, including ZRAM support for all Raspberry Pi models, support for additional Allo digi cards to My OSMC, as well as support for various USB DACs and ALSA volume control support for analogue audio on the Vero 4K board.
For the Vero 4K users, OSMC's March release will now stop sending of Wake on LAN packets and playback before entering standby mode. The official OSMC skin received some usability improvements as well, and users can now finally mount legacy Samba shares without changing any mount options.
Under the hood, OSMC's March release ships with the Linux 4.14.26 LTS kernel for supported Raspberry Pi SBCs. Other than that, the devs cleaned up Apple TV support from the build system and added NFS (Network-attached storage) debugging support to Vero 4K boards. Various Raspberry Pi improvements are present as well.
You can download OSMC's March release right now if you want to transform your tiny SBC into an Open Source media center or HTPC. Also, OSMC devs announced a competition where you can win a Raspberry Pi 3 Model B+. For more information on how to participate check out the competition's details here.
Meet the Black Eyed Peas star and Voice UK veteran who's also spun his chair for the kids' version of the ITV show
The Voice UK 2018 coaches: will.i.am
Age: 42
Advertisement
Twitter: @iamwill
Best known for: will's real name is William Adams and he's best-known as one of the founding members of the Black Eyed Peas, becoming something of a pop culture icon and the creative force behind a lot of the songs that fill dance floors on a regular basis
Bio: You'll know will.i.am as a music superstar thanks to his days with the Black Eyed Peas, but this Voice UK veteran is something of a modern sensation.
Don't believe us? Try typing will.i.am into your internet browser and see what happens.
Born and raised in Los Angeles, his career in the music industry began when he was just 13 years old, and has gone from strength to strength ever since.
The rapper, singer, songwriter, entrepreneur, actor, musician, DJ, record producer and philanthropist (yes, he is ALL of those things) has released four solo albums, and worked with artists like Michael Jackson, Justin Bieber, U2, Rihanna, Lady Gaga and Nicki Minaj to name but a few.
He's also one of The Voice UK's original coaches and actually won the show with Jermain Jackman in 2013.
Advertisement
The Voice UK airs Saturdays on ITV.
Reinking, who lives in Nashville, was arrested Monday less than a mile from the restaurant after a 34-hour manhunt. He was charged with four counts of homicide and then transported to the Maximum Correctional Center in South Nashville, where he was placed in what Hall called “72-hour medical observation.”
“We have to protect him from other inmates, and that's not easy,” Hall said. “We have to protect him from himself.”
So Reinking is being housed alone in a special cell where he gets checked on every 15 minutes and where he's not allowed anything that could be used as a weapon to hurt himself or others. That includes cutlery.
“You're basically eating your food out of a bag” with your hands, Hall said.
Once Reinking gets done with his medical and mental evaluations, he'll be moved to another solitary cell, where he'll be confined for 22 hours a day — for his own protection.
It has a slab for him to sleep on. Another slab for a table. A toilet in the corner. And zero privacy from the guards.
“He will have two hours a day outside,” Hall said.
So far Reinking has had no visitors besides his public defender, the sheriff said. He has had no contact with any other prisoners, nor is he likely to have much contact with any in the year or so he is expected to be housed there.
“We do not shock-release them into the general population,” Hall said.
Meanwhile, investigators are still trying to come up with a motive for Sunday's massacre, which also left four people wounded.
Reinkinglived in Coloradofor several months in 2016 and 2017, where he worked for a crane company, The Associated Press reported.
In a report obtained by the AP, a former co-worker told Detective Sgt. Rob Martellaro of the police department in Salida, Colorado, that Reinking was paranoid and delusional at times, that he was infatuated with pop singer Taylor Swift, and that he identified himself as “sovereign citizen,” people who believe that they don't have to answer to any government authority.
Reinking also had at least one other previous brush with the law. He was arrested last July in a restricted area outside the White House by the Secret Service. He claimed that he wanted to set up a meeting with President Donald Trump.
At the time, Reinking was living in Morton, Illinois. And although he was not armed, the FBI requested that the Illinois State Police revoke his firearm owner's identification card. He did so, officials said, and transferred his four weapons to his father, Jeffrey Reinking.
Travis Reinking was apprehended in a wooded area of Nashville on Monday. Metropolitan Nashville Police Departmentnull
But Reinking's father gave the weapons back to his son, who allegedly used one of them — an AR-15 semiautomatic rifle — to open fire at the Waffle House, killing four and wounding four before 29-year-old James Shaw Jr. wrestled the rifle out of his hands, police said.
After the shooting, police say, Reinking ditched the green jacket and fled naked into some nearby woods. He was wearing shabby pants and a maroon-colored shirt when police tracked him down on Monday. He was also carrying a semiautomatic gun and some ammunition in a backpack when he gave up without a fight, police said.
Jeffrey Reinking could face charges for giving his son back the guns, Special Agent Marcus Watson of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said on Monday.
LOS ANGELES — Jordin Canada left her arm extended for an extra split-second after her 3-pointer snapped through the net with 25 seconds left. She casually turned her head over her left shoulder with a small smirk to put the icing on another rivalry victory.
Canada and fellow senior Monique Billings led No. 9 UCLA to a wire-to-wire 59-46 victory over USC on Friday night at Pauley Pavilion as Canada moved into third place on UCLA's all-time scoring list with 16 points and Billings added 14 points and 16 rebounds.
The teams held each other to season-lows in scoring in the physical, defensive battle, but the Bruins mustered their third straight win over USC and sixth victory in the past seven meetings.
“Defense and rebounding, thank goodness for that,” UCLA head coach Cori Close said. “We didn't play very well offensively. I didn't think we played the kind of style that we needed to play and should play, especially when we got so many stops.”
USC forward Kristen Simon led the Trojans (15-7, 5-6 Pac-12) with 15 points on 5-of-12 shooting with 12 rebounds, despite battling what looked like an elbow injury during the physical game and taking a hard fall early in the first quarter.
Although Simon is listed at 6-foot-2, USC head coach Mark Trakh acknowledged the forward is closer to 6-foot, 4 inches shorter than her UCLA counterpart Billings.
“That kid's got a huge heart,” Trakh said of Simon. “She battles all the time and she's undersized.”
The Trojans resorted to chucking up contested 3-point attempts against UCLA's aggressive zone defense, but made only 1 of 14 shots from long distance in the first half and shot 16.7 percent for the game from distance.
UCLA also struggled on offense, shooting just 35.7 percent from the field, but relied on its defensive calling card and outrebounded the Trojans 48-33.
“At the end of the day, we know that we have to stay true to ourselves, which is rebounding and playing defense,” said senior Kelli Hayes, who had 11 points and six assists while anchoring UCLA's zone. “For us, that's who we are.”
UCLA started the game on a 10-0 run, forcing two turnovers in USC's first four possessions and racing to a double-digit lead in less than three minutes. The Trojans didn't score until the 6:28 mark of the first quarter when Simon split a pair of free throws, and didn't get their first field goal until two minutes later.
USC didn't get closer than six points after a free throw from Simon with 1:36 left in the first quarter as the lead ballooned to as many as 18 in the second quarter.
Canada, needing only two points to move into third on UCLA's career scoring list, inched ahead of former UCLA guard Rehema Stephens with three free throws in the first half, but went without a made field goal until the beginning of the third quarter. After an acrobatic layup in transition, Canada caught fire and scored the next seven points for the Bruins.
She scored 13 of her team-high 16 points in the second half, and added nine assists, but she also had a season-worst six turnovers.
A layup from Simon right before the third-quarter buzzer pulled the Trojans within single digits at 42-33 going into the fourth and Minyon Moore's layup with 7:08 left made it an eight-point game, but the Trojans, with four players who logged more than 36 minutes Friday, never got any closer.
“We're building and we just gotta keep working and keep grinding,” said Trakh, who is in his first year of his second stint at USC. “Hopefully at our place, we'll be able to knock down a few more shots.”
The teams meet in a rematch Monday at 6 p.m. at the Galen Center.
BAM! John Kerry Just Got ROCKED By British Prime Minister For His Attack On Israel!
It's not just Americans who are furious about Barack Obama's and John Kerry's utter betrayal of Israel. It wasn't enough that the Obama administration backed an anti-Israel United Nations resolution; Kerry had to give an anti-Semitic speech that made it worse. And that move has caused international outrage, with British Prime Minister Teresa May brutally criticizing Kerry for it.
A spokesperson for May slammed Kerry for ignoring other important issues, and only focusing on settlements in Israel, saying that he “missed the mark”. The United Kingdom did side with the United States in calling for an end to building settlements in Jerusalem, but they also did not ignore the other issues plaguing Israel and Palestine.
“We do not … believe that the way to negotiate peace is by focusing on only one issue,” the spokesperson said. “And we do not believe that it is appropriate to attack the composition of the democratically elected government of an ally.”
According to the New York Times, May was angry at how Kerry described the Israeli government, calling it the “most right-wing in Israeli history, with an agenda driven by the most extreme elements.” And for some reason, Kerry was actually surprised by May's reaction.
“We are surprised by the U.K. Prime Minister's office statement,” the State Department said. They argued that Kerry's speech was “in line with the U.K.'s own longstanding policy and its vote at the United Nations.” Yet even left-leaning media outlets like the Washington Post criticized Kerry's speech. Everything about this situation is a bomb for Obama and Kerry, and yet, the two of them are so clueless that they didn't see it coming.
Thankfully, there are only a few more weeks of this idiocy left to endure.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – A hotline has been set up to answer transportation questions for parents and guardians who have children going to Jefferson County Public Schools.
Starting Aug. 14, parents and guardians can dial (502) 485-RIDE and talk to a JCPS team member about their child's bus number, bus stop and other transportation related questions.
MORE: JCPS News
The hotline will be staffed at the following date and times:
Aug. 14, 7:30 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Aug. 15, 6 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Aug. 16, 6 a.m. until bus drivers complete their afternoon routes.
Parents can also use the JCPS Bus Finder online.
For transportation questions during the school year, parents can call (502) 313-HELP Monday through Friday from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
A "Celebration of Life" was held on Wednesday to remember the three women -- Dr. Jennifer Gray Golick, Christine Loeber and Dr. Jennifer Gonzales Shushereba -- who died at a veterans center in Yountville. At the memorial, Congressman Mike Thompson honored the victims and also used the service as a platform to discuss gun violence."All shared a common goal - they got up every morning to improve the lives of others, to improve the lives of our veterans," he said. "We should all aspire to that service and live our lives by their example. We must work and we must pray for peace, to make sure we create fewer veterans. As John Kennedy said, 'Mankind must put an end to war, or war will put an end to mankind.'"
Starlight, IN (WAVE) It was a banner day for a school hoping to hang a sixth banner in Assembly Hall. Romeo Langford is staying home. From the moment he put that IU hat on the Romeo Langford affect could be felt all across the Hoosier State. "People are excited from Lake Michigan to the Ohio River," said Indiana Athletic Director, Fred Glass.
A record number of Hoosier fans poured into the event hall at Huber's Farm and Winery for the Hoosiers annual visit thanks in part to Romeo. "In a lot of ways I think the quintessential Hoosier, right? I mean he's from Indiana obviously. Stayed at New Albany. Could've gone to prep school. Maybe had some pressure to go to prep school. Stayed here," said Glass. "Romeo's ready to go to work. He's a baseball guy. He's a willing learner," said IU head coach, Archie Miller.
With the addition of Langford, IU now has the #1 recruiting class in the Big Ten. Couple that with Jawan Morgan coming back, a return to the NCAA Tournament is not out of the question. "We're going to put him and all of our guys in an environment where they're pushing it, they're getting better, but at the same time I want to see some competition," said Miller.
Copyright 2018 WAVE News . All rights reserved.
General News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: peacefmonline.com
2017-08-14
Kofi Adams, National Organiser of the NDC and Martin Amidu, Former Attorney General
NDC's Kofi Adams says Martin Amidu's style of politics in recent times is distasteful after the former Attorney General described him and his Deputy General Secretary, Koku Anyidoho as “attack dogs.”
Mr. Amidu in his latest response to claims made against him after a recent article, have accused the National Executive members of the NDC of propagating falsehood which is their stock in trade.
“These two attack dogs engaging in the monotonous acts of character assassination to avoid the real issue, deliberately repeated similar unfounded accusations against me that I had creditably refuted with supporting facts and evidence, which the very media carrying the recycled accusations had published in previous years.
“Political office holders like the National Organizer and Deputy Secretary General of political parties are mandated by the spirit of the 1992 Constitution to exhibit ethical actions and conduct in their relationship with the public and their party members,” he said.
Speaking on NEAT FM's morning show dubbed ‘Ghana Montie', the National Organizer of the opposition National Democratic Congress Kofi Adams noted that “Martin Amidu will never stop insulting individuals in the party. That is his style.”
“I will never waste my time to talk about someone like him. Nothing better will ever come out from him. He will be insulting everyone in the party, I can assure you that. His behavior compelled us to refer him to the Disciplinary Committee of the party,” he said.
The young man coaxes the wild rabbit out of the flames before gently lifting it up and carrying it away.
The young man coaxes the wild rabbit out of the flames before gently lifting it up and carrying it away.
Crews aided by calm overnight winds kept a wall of flames from descending from mountains into coastal towns after a huge Southern California wildfire exploded in size over the weekend.
Crews aided by calm overnight winds kept a wall of flames from descending from mountains into coastal towns after a huge Southern California wildfire exploded in size over the weekend.
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). Fire crews search for hot spots among destroyed homes in the Rancho Monserate Country Club community Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, in Fallbrook, Calif.
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). Dick Marsala looks through debris from his destroyed home after a wildfire roared through the Rancho Monserate Country Club Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, in Bonsall, Calif.
(Mike Eliason/Santa Barbara County Fire Department via AP). In this early morning Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, photo released by Santa Barbara County Fire Department, firefighters working on structure protection, keep a close eye on nearby flames.
(AP Photo/Noah Berger). Firefighters light backfire while trying to keep a wildfire from jumping Santa Ana Rd. near Ventura, Calif., on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017.
By CHRISTOPHER WEBER
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Ash fell like snow and heavy smoke had residents gasping for air Monday as a huge Southern California wildfire exploded in size, becoming the fifth largest in state history and driving celebrities from a wealthy hillside enclave.
Tens of thousands have fled their homes as flames churn through foothill towns near Santa Barbara, the latest flare-up after a week of wind-fanned wildfires throughout the region.
With acrid smoke thick in the air, even residents not under evacuation orders took the chance to leave, fearing another shutdown of a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week.
Officials handed out masks to those who stayed behind in Montecito, an exclusive community about 75 miles (120 kilometers) northwest of Los Angeles that's home to stars such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Drew Barrymore.
Actor Rob Lowe wore a mask as he live-streamed his family evacuating Sunday from their smoke-shrouded home.
"Praying for the people in my area," he said to his Instagram followers. "Hope everybody's getting out safe like we are, and thanks for the prayers and thoughts. And good luck to the firefighters, we need you!"
Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres tweeted that neighbors were helping each other and their animals get to safety.
"I'm sending lots of love and gratitude to the fire department and sheriffs. Thank you all," she wrote.
The blaze has destroyed more than 750 buildings, officials said. It was partially contained after burning nearly 360 square miles (930 square kilometers) of dry brush and timber.
Customers coming into Jeannine's American Bakery in Montecito brushed ash from their clothes and marveled at smoke so heavy that visibility was down to just a few feet.
"There's so much ash it's unbelievable," manager Richard Sanchez said. "Everything is white. The streets are covered, cars are covered, our parking lot is covered."
Amtrak canceled service through the city of Santa Barbara, and its nearly 200-year-old mission church was closed because of smoke and ash. Authorities issued repeated alerts about unhealthy air and warned people to stay indoors, avoid vigorous outdoor activities and not do anything to stir up ash.
Dr. Helene Gardner, an expert in air quality at University of California, Santa Barbara, watched ash fall "like a fine snow" from her home after the school postponed final exams until January. She said her environmental sciences students got a kick from the fact that the delay was directly related to their field of study.
Gardner warned that the air alerts should be taken seriously because of airborne particulates - "nasty buggers" that can lodge in lungs and cause respiratory problems.
She said the levels of particulates from a wildfire can approach those seen near coal-burning plants in pollution-heavy China and are especially problematic for people exerting themselves.
"When I look out my window and see someone bicycling I think, 'No, no, no, get off your bike and walk!'" she said.
Forecasters predicted dry winds that spread fires throughout the region for a week would begin to lose their power Monday. Light gusts were driving the flames away from communities, Santa Barbara County fire spokesman Mike Eliason said. But the possibility of "unpredictable" gusts would keep firefighters on edge, he said.
"I'm not frightened yet," Carpinteria resident Roberta Lehtinen told KABC-TV. "I don't think it's going to come roaring down unless the winds kick up."
Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
Firefighters gained more control over other major blazes in Southern California and diverted resources to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the enormous fire that started Dec. 4.
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the winds. Though the state emerged this spring from a yearslong drought, hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
___
John Antczak in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
___
Follow Weber at https://twitter.com/WeberCM .
___
For complete coverage of the California wildfires, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/Wildfires.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
An RAF Mildenhall USAF squadron has marked the centenary of its founding members' tragic first patrol in World War One.
A century on, airmen of the 95th Reconnaissance Squadron were joined beside an RC-135 electronic surveillance jet by two other squadrons at RAF Mildenhall for a service of remembrance for the commander of the 95th Aero Squadron, who became the first US airman killed in action soon after arriving in France.
Capt James Miller was shot down on March 9 1918 after he and two comrades borrowed SPAD VIIs from the French to fly their first patrol while waiting for machineguns for their own Nieuport 28 planes.
The political news cycle is fast, and keeping up can be overwhelming. Trying to find differing perspectives worth your time is even harder. That's why we have scoured the internet for political writing from the right and left that you might not have seen.
Has this series exposed you to new ideas? Tell us how. Email us at ourpicks@nytimes.com.
For an archive of all the Partisan Writing Roundups, check out Our Picks.
From the Right
Photo
Mary Katharine Ham in The Federalist:
“We've been trying for a year to separate correct from wrong and responsible from irresponsible, and there has been plenty of wrong and irresponsible reporting. This memo offers additional context, even if it's as selective, incomplete, and politically motivated as its harshest critics suggest.”
Ms. Ham draws parallels between the Nunes memo and much of the reporting around potential collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign team. Both, she writes, rely on selectively released information with partisan or biased sources at their origin. She advises readers of both the memo and news media accounts to take these caveats into consideration before drawing conclusions from either. Read more »
_____
Jim Geraghty in National Review:
“Whatever you think of President Trump, Carter Page, or any of these other figures, it's bad when the F.B.I. withholds information while applying for FISA warrants.”
For Mr. Geraghty, the key piece of wrongdoing revealed by the Nunes memo is how the F.B.I. handled its application to monitor Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign. He asks his readers to imagine that the roles were reversed and that “Hillary Clinton's campaign officials because of research by… oh, America Rising, or Jerome Corsi, and then withheld the source of that information from the FISA judge when they sought permission.” Democrats, he writes, would justifiably be enraged by a law enforcement agency using its power to accomplish “partisan objectives.” Read more »
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Get the Morning Briefing by Email What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
_____
From the Left
Photo
Eric Levitz in New York Magazine:
“Even if we stipulate that all of the memo's factual assertions are true, the document does nothing to discredit the validity of the Mueller investigation — but does quite a bit to discredit the GOP's own attacks on that probe.”
It's possible, Mr. Levitz concedes, that Mr. Page was improperly surveilled by the government. However, in his estimation, the memo doesn't do many of the things Trump allies may have been hoping for and speculating about. Notably, it does not prove the Steele dossier was the basis for the investigation into collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign. Moreover the memo does little to impugn the behavior of current F.B.I. and Justice Department leadership, like Rod Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general, who some believe is in the president's cross hairs. Read more »
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
_____
Matthew Miller in The Washington Post:
“What makes the president's involvement so fundamentally inappropriate is the fact that the Nunes memo cannot be disentwined from the active, ongoing investigation into the president and his 2016 campaign.”
Mr. Miller worked in the Justice Department under Eric Holder, the former attorney general, from 2009 to 2011. He suggests that, in addition to firing James Comey, President Trump's decision to release the Nunes memo may play a big part in the obstruction of justice investigation against him. Read more »
NEW YORK — Veterans Joe Thomas, Antonio Gates and Vernon Davis are among eight finalists for the NFL's Art Rooney Sportsmanship Award.
Also announced Monday as finalists are Luke Kuechly, Haloti Ngata, Joe Staley, Josh McCown and Alex Smith.
The award, recognizes those who best demonstrate the qualities of on-field sportsmanship: fair play, respect for the game and opponents, and integrity in competition. The award was created in 2014 in honour of the founding owner of the Pittsburgh Steelers and Pro Football Hall of Famer Art Rooney Sr.
Staley (2015 and 2016), Smith (2014) and Kuechly (2015) have been finalists in the past. Past recipients of the award are Frank Gore, Charles Woodson and Larry Fitzgerald.
A panel of former players selected the eight finalists from the 32 team nominees. The panel is comprised of Hall of Famer Curtis Martin, Warrick Dunn, Karl Mecklenburg and Leonard Wheeler.
The winner is determined by a vote of current NFL players. The eight finalists will be listed on the Pro Bowl ballot under the NFL Sportsmanship Award category when players vote on Friday. From the eight finalists, each team's players will submit a consensus vote of their choice for the winner. As in Pro Bowl voting, a team cannot vote for its own player.
The Art Rooney Sportsmanship award will be presented during NFL Honors, when The Associated Press hands out its individual awards, Feb. 3, the night before the Super Bowl. The winner receives a $25,000 donation from the NFL Foundation to a charity of his choice.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Milwaukee prosecutors say a man who led police on a high-speed chased told arresting officers he crashed his minivan because he became distracted checking his cellphone for directions.
The Milwaukee District Attorney's Office said in a criminal complaint released Friday that 20-year-old Logan Michael Brandenburg made the comment unsolicited while he was being transported from a hospital to the county jail.
Prosecutors say Brandenburg told officers he had smoked marijuana and was on probation so a “fight or flight mentality kicked in” when a West Allis police officer attempted to pull him over on Nov. 19.
Authorities say the chase reached speeds of 100 mph and involved four different police departments before Brandenburg's minivan jumped a curb and plunged down an embankment.
Brandenburg is charged with two felonies.
NEWLY-PROMOTED Hunslet Club Parkside were handed two of their toughest fixtures to begin life in the National Conference Premier Division and have won them both.
Parkside followed their 42-6 win at last year's league leaders Siddal with a 14-10 home victory over defending champions Thatto Heath Crusaders.
Hunslet Warriors brave blizzard conditions. PIC: Craig Hawkhead
Hunslet, who won the Division One title, Xamax BARLA National Cup and Conference Challenge Trophy last season, look capable of more silverware this year under coaches Paul McShane, Martin Rowse and Sam Thorpe. Try scorers against Thatto Heath were Craig Miles and Luke Thompson. Andy Hullock kicked a penalty and conversion and Jamie Fields landed a conversion.
Milford Marlins drew 18-18 at Thornhill Trojans in Division One. Milford's try scorers were Josh Cawood (2) and James Barker and Martin Loveridge converted all three. Milford overturned a 14-12 interval deficit, but Joss Ratcliffe's second try, nine minutes from time, salvaged a point for the hosts. Trojans' other try scorers were Liam Morley and Sam Ratcliffe and George Woodcock kicked one goal.
East Leeds began their Division Two campaigns, following two postponements, with a 26-10 win over Crosfields, after leading 18-0 at the break.
James Duckworth scored a long-range try on his debut, Jack Norfolk bagged a brace, Joe Walton contributed a try and two goals and Adam Wrigg also crossed. Kane Reilly added a goal.
Scott Malpas in action for Hunslet Warriors. PIC: Craig Hawkhead
Luke Day touched down and Daryl Gaunt converted in Hunslet Warriors' 34-6 defeat by Askam. Stanningley went down 36-18 to Wigan St Jude's despite tries by Liam Copland, Jack Smith, Dion Henry and Danny Barcoe. Copland added one goal.
NEW YORK (AP) A 1-15 record earned the Cleveland Browns the top pick in April's NFL draft.
Since returning to the league as an expansion franchise in 1999, the Browns twice have used the No. 1 overall selection. In their first season, they chose Kentucky quarterback Tim Couch. The next year, they got Penn State defensive lineman Courtney Brown.
San Francisco (2-14) will pick second, followed by Chicago and Jacksonville, both 3-13.
The Rams (4-12), Jets and Chargers, both 5-11, Carolina (6-10), Cincinnati (6-9-1) and Buffalo (7-9) close out the top 10.
Only the draft positions for non-playoff qualifiers has been settled. Other spots will be determined by postseason results, with the Super Bowl winner choosing last regardless of record, and the Super Bowl loser going next to last in all rounds.
The draft will be April 27-29 in Philadelphia.
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
The concept of saving, interest rates and comparison shopping can be tricky to explain, but there are some easy ways to get your kids to grasp these important ideas.
Experts recommend you get creative when having conversations about these critical concepts.
Saving money
Financial coach Alok Deshpande said parents should get children to appreciate deals and challenge them to make their dollar go further.
“If we go to Barnes and Noble, and my son likes a book, we're also going to look it up on Amazon while we're in the store, because I want to see if I'm actually going to save or not,” Deshpande said.
Making money
Deshpande said one way to teach children how to generate cash independently is to get their help selling things online.
“Let them take the pictures. Let them put it up online. Let them do the research to set the price, and then give them 30 percent,” Deshpande said.
Compound interest
Deshpande recommends parents help their kids experience this concept by giving them $50 and then paying them interest.
“Just say, ‘Look. If you save it every week, I'm going to give you 5 percent interest,'” Deshpande said. “Well, that $50 after six months is close to $180.”
Loans and credit cards
Deshpande said parents need to have conversations with older teens about how to pay for college, student loans and using credit cards.
“That is a really great time, when the kids are listening,” Deshpande said. “They're engaged. They're intuned (sic), because it's about their life. It's not about a parent nagging.”
Editor's note: This article was assembled from information originally reported by CNN.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
POWER: Brock Meredith flies high in an impressive show of power in the U/14 Long Jump.
POWER: Brock Meredith flies high in an impressive show of power in the U/14 Long Jump. LEEROY TODD
GYMPIE'S budding young athletes took to the track and field for their events in a showcase of strength, speed and stamina on Friday night.
The Gympie Times were there to capture a few of the memorable moments.
LOVE GYMPIE SPORT? GET THE LATEST NEWS BY FOLLOWING THE TOPIC HERE.
Photos View Photo Gallery
Photos to appear in Wednesday's copy of The Gympie Times.
DesRosiers Automotive Consultants says a five-year growth trend in year-to-date sales of new light vehicles in Canada ended in June.
The Toronto auto market watcher says 1,036,677 new light vehicles were sold in Canada in the first six months of the year, down 0.2 per cent from the record-setting six-month total of 1,039,068 in the same period of 2017.
It was the first decline in year-to-date numbers since March 2013 and comes as June marked the fourth month in a row of year-over-year monthly declines in sales.
Sales of new vehicles were down 1.6 per cent in June at 200,156 versus the same month last year, as a 1.4 per cent gain in sales of light trucks was more than offset by an eight per cent decline in passenger car sales.
Among the top three new vehicle sales leaders, General Motors recorded the only June increase at 1.8 per cent.
GM was second with 27,638 sales behind Ford with 31,179 sales, while Fiat Chrysler placed third with 22,479 sales.
DesRosiers says Genesis ramped up June sales by 175 per cent, from 60 in June 2017 to 165 vehicle sales last month, while Volvo, Smart, and Land Rover also recorded sales increases of more than 20 per cent.
A 26-year-old man from Devon has been charged with grievous bodily harm after a teenage girl was allegedly stabbed in Bardwell.
Police said the incident occurred between 7.30am and 8.30am on Thursday, October 5, at a house in School Lane.
The alleged victim is a 16-year-old girl.
Dimitri Coxon, of Lockyer Street, Plymouth, has been charged with causing grievous bodily harm with intent and was remanded in custody to appear before Ipswich Magistrates' Court.
Detectives are appealing for anyone who was in the vicinity of School Lane on Thursday between 7.30am and 8.30am and who may have information about the incident to asked to call West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station on 101, quoting reference 65158/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Share
Google is quietly making changes across its products and services to make it easier to discover and listen to podcasts. The tech giant wants to double the number of podcast listeners worldwide, according to Pacific Content.
While Google's goal sounds lofty, it's not unrealistic. The majority of people who listen to podcasts use an iPhone, leaving a huge market of Android users largely untapped. Sure, there are some excellent third-party podcast apps for Android, but the process is nowhere near as seamless as using the Podcast app that comes as a default iOS app on every iPhone.
Google's Podcast Product Manager Zack Reneau-Wedeen told Pacific Content, “It's largely going to be new people, and we're really excited about what opportunities it will create if we can help bring them into the fold. Within our team, we think it's an ambitious but achievable goal to have that population constitute a doubling of the industry size.”
Although a few quick fixes would automatically bring more Android users, into the podcast fold, Google's podcast team is developing long-term strategies that completely rethinks how we find, and listen to, podcasts.
Google is now your podcast app
Android users can also listen to podcasts directly in the Chrome app or Google Assistant. When searching for a podcast by name, you will see a list of recent episodes that you can listen to in the search results.
From the same search, you can also click on the actual podcast to learn more about it or add it to your library by subscribing. Some public radio podcasts also feature an option to donate. Reneau-Wedeen said the donate button, as well as other monetization features, may be opened up to all podcast creators in the future.
The primary benefit of using Google as your podcast play is its ability to sync between devices. If you're listening to a podcast during your commute, you can simply ask your Google Home to resume where you left off once you get home.
There is also a dedicated podcast app for Android
While Google has supported podcasts in its Google Play Music store for a few years, the process was not intuitive. In March, the company rolled out a new web app for podcasts. The web app works much like you would expect: You can discover and listen to podcasts within the app and Google will offer suggested podcasts based on your current suggestions.
Since Google's Podcast app is web-based, it's not listed in the Play Store. To use the app, you must search for a podcast and subscribe; you will then be asked if you want to add the Podcast shortcut to the come screen. It's definitely not the easiest way to access the app, however, Reneau-Wedeen hinted the app may be easier to access in the future.
Podcasts will become ‘first-class citizens'
In addition to making podcasts easier to listen to on Android phones, Google also wants to change the way we discover new podcasts. The tech giant plans to integrate podcasts into Google Search and Google Assistant, making them “first-class citizens” alongside text and video results.
While you can currently search for podcasts by name, Google wants to contextually integrate podcasts into every Google search. For example, if you searched for information about the Watergate scandal, Slate's Slow Burn podcast would appear in your search results. While this isn't a reality just yet, Google's Podcast team plans to use metadata from podcasts to create contextual links that would help you find podcasts relevant to your searches.
Although the change sounds relatively minor, it could have a profound effect on the way we listen to podcasts. Currently. most people subscribe to individual podcasts that interest them and listen to each new episode; while that model creates loyal listeners, it doesn't help with discovering new podcasts. When podcasts become part of standard Google searches, it will be easy to listen to individual episodes from a diverse group of content creators.
Frank Broyles, who guided the University of Arkansas to its lone national football championship and later molded the overall program as its athletic director, has died at the age of 92.
Broyles died Tuesday from complications of Alzheimer's disease, according to a statement from his family.
Broyles won almost 71 percent of his games as head football coach with the Razorbacks for 19 years.
He became the school's athletic director in 1974 while still the football coach, eventually retiring from the gridiron to focus on administrative duties following the 1976 season.
As athletic director, Broyles led an overhaul and upgrade of Arkansas' facilities - as well as leading the school in its move to the Southeastern Conference.
Following his coaching career, Broyles - who earned a spot in the National Football Foundation's College Hall of Fame - served as an analyst on ABC's college football telecasts.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
HOUSTON - Whether you live in Katy, the Woodlands, Friendswood or Baytown, the morning commute can be painfully long as you sit in traffic waiting for lights to turn green.
What if you got a heads-up, hundreds of feet from the intersection, letting you know when the red light will change? It's already possible for people living in one Houston-area suburb, and it's bringing people in that community one step closer to driverless cars.
There's a big push for people to get off the grid, cut the cord and let go of landlines, but when it comes to driving and traffic, it's the exact opposite.
Cities are now partnering with car companies to get hooked into the infrastructure, and the so-called "smart cities" are really starting to take off in Texas.
The idea: Connect your car and get traffic moving.
In places like Frisco, north of Dallas, traffic engineers can already remotely control signal lights. That information is then fed to cars.
"What the driver is going to be able to see initially is, how much longer is the light going to be red?" said Brian Moen, with the city of Frisco engineering services.
The same technology is now making its way to Sugar Land.
"It's the people. We keep getting more people," said James Meyer, who has lived in Sugar Land for years. "It's grown fast. There's a lot of time you're wondering, 'How long will this light last?'"
When certain Audi cars come in range of connected traffic lights, right on the dashboard the car tells drivers just how long they'll have to wait for the next green light.
KPRC Channel 2 News took the new traffic light technology out for a test drive. It was accurate to the second when it said the light would turn green.
In Sugar Land, the cars and traffic lights are synched on Eldridge and Dulles.
Traffic lights are already connected in other cities like Las Vegas and Washington, D.C.
It's not just a lot of fun to watch. Smart city technologies are an important step toward a future filled with driverless cars.
"When we talk about autonomous vehicles, these are the things that we need to really work on it, develop and perfect and get better so we can begin to get those vehicles to work that way on the roadway," Moen said.
Another benefit of the technology? One day it could be used help you make better decisions on where to go and how to get there, cutting down on your commute time.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
9 Tel Aviv, Israel
Ranked the 34th most expensive city five years ago, Tel Aviv has jumped up the list in part because of the high costs associated with car ownership, which the EIU says "push transport costs 79 percent above New York prices. Tel Aviv is also the second most expensive city in the survey in which to buy alcohol." (New York, by the way, came in at number 13 "with the dollar weakening against other currencies," EIU analyst Roxana Slavcheva said).
The college basketball world was dealt a shocking blow on Monday, when Duke announced that legendary, Hall of Fame head basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski will undergo back surgery and will be sidelined an indefinite period of time. Associate head coach Jeff Capel will take over for Coach K while he deals with surgery and the recovery.
NEWS: Coach K to have lower back surgery. Jeff Capel to coach the team in his absence. READ: https://t.co/upz4acKsm7 pic.twitter.com/v4Pe0oerik — Duke Basketball (@DukeMBB) January 2, 2017
Duke shared the information via a news release on Monday. The surgery will be performed this Friday, January 6th by Dr. Allen Friedman of the Duke University Hospital, with Coach K releasing this statement, as part of a school press release.
“Dr. William Richardson, Dr. Friedman, and our medical team have worked tirelessly to help manage this issue for several weeks,” said Krzyzewski. “Together, we have determined that surgery is the best course of action at this time. During my recovery process, the team will be in the capable hands of Coach Capel, Coach James and Coach Scheyer. As soon as the doctors clear me to do so, I look forward to returning and giving our team 100% of my energy and attention, which is certainly something that they deserve.”
Obviously this is shocking news for a program that entered the preseason ranked No. 1 in the country, with a roster that Krzyzewski told FOX Sports earlier in the season was one of the most talented of his coaching career. It is also just the latest setback in a season which has been filled with them.
Again, Duke entered the season ranked No. 1, but has been dealing with a slew of issues since then. First, star freshman Harry Giles underwent knee surgery in October, one which sidelined a guy projected by some as the No. 1 pick in next year's draft, for the start of the season. Injuries later sidelined a pair of other high-profile freshmen, Jayson Tatum and Marques Bolden.
Then just as everyone finally got healthy, new controversy arose when Grayson Allen was suspended indefinitely two weeks ago after tripping a player against Elon. And now, there is this.
Clearly there is no way to replace Coach K – who has a Division I record 1,055 career wins – but Capel should be able to fill in adequately. In addition to the staggering talent on Duke's roster, Capel himself has experience, serving as a head coach at VCU and Oklahoma over a nine-season stretch. During that time Capel's teams made three NCAA Tournaments, including an Elite Eight appearance in 2009, thanks to the help of All-American Blake Griffin.
Duke did not release a timetable for Krzyzewski's return.
Emergency responders are seen as a protester climbs on the base of the Statue of Liberty in New York, New York, U.S., July 4, 2018 in this picture obtained from social media. Twitter/@sarah_eyebrows/via REUTERS
By Frank McGurty
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A woman climbed the base of the Statue of Liberty on Wednesday afternoon, forcing an evacuation of the New York Harbor island where the monument stands hours before Independence Day fireworks displays were scheduled to begin nearby.
The National Park Service was evacuating Liberty Island because of the standoff. The historic statue, a symbol of American freedom, is typically crowded with visitors on the July 4 holiday.
Television images showed a woman seated just above the stone pedestal on which the colossal, green-tarnished statue stands. Officers, using ladders, had climbed within a few feet of her and were negotiating with her.
"She is refusing to cooperate and our efforts to engage her are ongoing at this minute," Sgt. David Somma, a spokesman for the National Park Service, told Reuters.
The parks service, which operates the Statue of Liberty National Park, could not confirm whether the woman was part of a protest, Somma said. Earlier, seven protesters were arrested on the island, he said without providing further details.
Those who were arrested had dropped a banner that read "Abolish ICE" from the statue's base, a reference to the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, according to media reports.
The agency is at the center of the Trump administration's shelved policy of separating some immigrant families at the U.S.-Mexican border, leading to calls for its disbanding.
The New York Police Department said NYPD hostage negotiators were assisting the park service in attempting to persuade the woman to surrender.
The copper statue, a gift from the people of France to the people of the United States, has become a worldwide symbol of the American values of "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness."
It stands at the mouth of New York Harbor off lower Manhattan, in view of a spectacular fireworks show over the East River, presented every July 4 after nightfall.
At the same time, Jersey City will present a fireworks display at Liberty State Park along the Hudson River near the statue.
(Additional reporting by Rich McKay in Atlanta; Editing by Matthew Lewis and Chris Reese)
Today is Swami Vivekananda's 116th death anniversary and the whole country is remembering him for his outstanding contribution towards the society. Check out some of the best quotes of spiritual guru Swami Vivekananda mentioned here.
Born as Narendranath Dutta in an aristocratic Bengali family in Calcutta, Swami Vivekananda acquired his name after becoming a monk. Influenced by his spiritual Guru Ramakrishna, Swami Vivekananda later started living a spiritual life.
The philosopher, who is extensively known for disseminating the tenets of Hindu Philosophy through his lectures and speeches lived a short life. He died even before attaining the age of 40. Swami Vivekananda has influenced many lives and his contribution in spreading Hinduism has in the 19th century is exemplary.
ALSO READ: Anand Sharma says Modi government not interested in monsoon session
He is also known to have different views and approach to spirituality from his Guru Ramakrishna. On the occassion of Swami Vivekananda's death anniversary, many big personalities from various fields took to their social media account to pay tribute to the spiritual leader. sand artist Sudarshan Pattnaik from Odisha also paid tribute by portraying the legend through a sand art.
Awake, arise and dream no more!
Be bold and face the truth!
Be one with it!
Let visions cease, or if you cannot dream but truer dreams,
Which are eternal love and service free! ~ #SwamiVivekananda | written to Prabuddha Bharata,Aug 1898 Homage on death anniversary 🙏🏻💐 pic.twitter.com/Tlg2SRMRew — Randeep Singh Surjewala (@rssurjewala) July 4, 2018
Tributes to #SwamiVivekananda on his death anniversary. One of my SandArt with message Youth call for Peace. pic.twitter.com/SzuKrmBvfQ — Sudarsan Pattnaik (@sudarsansand) July 4, 2018
Some of the best quotes by Swami Vivekananda:
Arise! Awake! and stop not until the goal is reached.
Truth can be stated in a thousand different ways, yet each one can be true.
The world is the great gymnasium where we come to make ourselves strong.
All the powers in the universe are already ours. It is we who have put our hands before our eyes and cry that it is dark.
Never think there is anything impossible for the soul. It is the greatest heresy to think so. If there is sin, this is the only sin; to say that you are weak, or others are weak.
If faith in ourselves had been more extensively taught and practiced, I am sure a very large portion of the evils and miseries that we have would have vanished.
The will is not free – it is a phenomenon bound by cause and effect – but there is something behind the will which is free.
ALSO READ: Centre warns WhatsApp over irresponsible, explosive messages
ALSO READ: Who is Lalit Bhatia, the mastermind of Delhi's Burari mass suicide?
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
We're moving one step closer still to a future powered not by Wi-Fi, but by Li-Fi. Philips Lighting, which you likely know best for its bulbs and other illuminating fixtures, is now moving into the internet space by offering Light Fidelity, otherwise known as Li-Fi. And it's not just presenting this technology as a possibility — it's actually already testing the new network in a real office. Icade, a French real estate investment firm, is one of the first companies in the world to use Li-Fi in order to provide its employees with broadband internet by way of lights.
“LiFi has enormous potential for today's digital age and as the world's leading lighting company we are proud to pioneer new and innovative services for our customers,” Olivia Qiu, chief innovation officer at Philips Lighting, said in a statement. “While radio frequencies are becoming congested, the visible light spectrum is an untapped resource with a large bandwidth suitable for the stable simultaneous connection of a vast array of Internet of Things devices. Being a lighting company, we ensure that our customers benefit from the finest quality energy efficient light along with state-of-the-art connectivity.”
So how exactly does Li-Fi work? In essence, it is similar to Wi-Fi, but leverages light waves rather than radio waves in order to transmit data. Philips Lighting's office luminaires provide Li-Fi that boasts a speed of 30 Mbps, all without creating any flickering or dimming in the light bulbs themselves. As the company notes, at speeds of 30 Mbps, users can simultaneously stream a number of HD videos while engaging in a video call.
In the case of the Philips Lighting luminaires, each is equipped with a built-in modem that modulates the light. This light is then detected by a Li-Fi USB key that is plugged into the socket of either a laptop or tablet (one day, this technology will be built directly into hardware). The USB then returns data to the luminaire through an infrared link.
The real benefit of Li-Fi, of course, is that it can be used in areas where Wi-Fi connectivity may be considerably weaker. For example, while radio frequencies may not be able to reach areas underground or interfere with equipment, lighting can be placed just about anywhere. Furthermore, Philips points out, Li-Fi can be used in situations that require more security, as light cannot pass through solid walls, and in order for Li-Fi to work, you need to literally see the light.
PDP calls for proper investigation as CCT acquits Saraki
The National Vice-Chairman (South-South) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Emmanuel Ogidi, has called for a proper investigation into corruption allegations before prosecution. Ogidi gave the advice while speaking with reporters in Abuja, following the acquital of Senate President Bukola Saraki by the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT) on Wednesday. Ogidi said that the tribunal […]
PDP calls for proper investigation as CCT acquits Saraki
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Special Adviser to the Governor on Cleaner Lagos Initiative shares Waste Collection & Elimination Plans
The Lagos State Government has assured Lagosians that with the renewed collaboration between the state government, waste collection operators and Visionscape, heaps of refuse will disappear from Lagos streets in few days. Giving this assurance at the weekend was the Special Adviser to the Governor on the Cleaner Lagos Initiative, Engineer Adebola Shabi.
Shabi stated that the concerted efforts of the stakeholders will lead to an imminent total evacuation of waste from the streets. “We have been engaging different stakeholders, the waste collection operators, the community development committees, the market women, the civil societies, landlords and tenants associations and various NGOs in the state to assess how we have performed in the last one year. “There are still ongoing discussions with the waste collection operators, the former PSP operators and the state government, in conjunction with Visionscape to have as many Transfer Loading Stations, to ease the disposal of waste in the state.
“Olusosun dumpsite has been shut down by His Excellency because of the safety of the people working there and public health. And we have been asking the trucks to be going down to Ewe Elepe and Epe and we are looking at the distance, as most of the waste collectors' trucks cannot go far distance, ” Shabi stated. The SA to the governor said that 60 percent of waste generated in Lagos would end up at the Epe landfill while the remaining 40 percent would be recycled and used for other purposes.
“In the next few months, Visionscape will take stock of more trucks to enhance performance in waste collection,” he said. According to him, Visionscape has distributed over eight million garbage bags and over 400,000 garbage bins in the last two months.
“What we want from people living in Lagos is to generate your waste, bag your waste and drop them in front of the houses, for effective cleaning and preventive blockage of our drainages and canals. “The garbage bags and bins are meant for the waste generated, so please ensure that the wastes are being packaged and kept at the front of the houses,” he said.
Shabi also said the state government will establish plastic collection centers in 57 council areas of the state. “The theme of the World Earth Day this year is plastic pollution, and that is one of the biggest menaces in the state today.
“So we are going to have 57 collection centres in the state, we are going to encourage youths to bring plastic to the centres and you are given something in return. Then the plastics will be sold to the public for reuse,” he said.
————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————-
Sponsored Content
The post Special Adviser to the Governor on Cleaner Lagos Initiative shares Waste Collection & Elimination Plans appeared first on BellaNaija – Nigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7. Read Today.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
StarLeaf, the leading cloud video conferencing and calling provider, and Huawei, the leading global information and communications technology solution provider, have cemented their relationship with an agreement to deliver a joint and tightly integrated solution that combines StarLeaf UC OpenCloud and Huawei's video room systems.
The tight integration, between Huawei's TE Series of video meeting room hardware and the StarLeaf UC OpenCloud, offers users complete and seamless interoperability between their Huawei system and all other video systems, including Skype for Business. In addition, and unlike any other cloud service, UC OpenCloud gives Huawei users the capability to join scheduled Skype Meetings. As well as unlimited direct calling between all hardware and software endpoints, users will also benefit from multiparty scheduled conferencing for up to 50 participants.
"The UC OpenCloud eco system is pivotal for the industry and end users - it's these new relationships, with a shared and fresh perspective, that will bring about change for the good," said Mark Loney, CEO StarLeaf. "The combination of our joint technical excellence, innovation and global reach, will ultimately democratize video, to make it truly accessible and affordable for all businesses."
Scaling video collaboration into huddle spaces can be an expensive business when considering the IT costs of installation and on-going system and user management. With the StarLeaf UC OpenCloud, Huawei's TE Series video endpoints will be set-up automatically and ready for use in minutes, and administered from a central management platform - reducing initial and on-going costs. The UC OpenCloud also ensures that business users have complete interoperability with any existing meeting room or desktop video system, which means that the enterprise can also take advantage of Huawei's affordable and elegant TE Series, to bolster and scale video on a global basis.
"Together with StarLeaf we developed the joint cloud based video room solution, which will offer our customers a more efficient video conference solution with the option of interoperability with Skype for Business," said Wang Xiangjiong, General Manager of Huawei Videoconferencing. "The joint solution, is pitched perfectly for businesses that need an easy to deploy and manage, highly portable huddle room solution. Which will, at the same time, provide better choice for both of our partners."
About StarLeaf
StarLeaf brings people together through the power of video conferencing and calling. StarLeaf is a service provider with a global platform that delivers secure, reliable and rich video conferencing services to Fortune 500 companies all the way down to the smallest organizations around the world. Whether a company chooses StarLeaf conference room systems or already has their own - for instance from Cisco, Polycom, Lifesize or Avaya - StarLeaf removes the complexity and cost of management and enables users to call anyone else, including those who use Microsoft Skype for Business as their client. StarLeaf is an award-winning company, most recently it was the recipient of the Frost & Sullivan Video Conferencing Leadership Award. For more information, please visit www.starleaf.com
About Huawei
Huawei is a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider. Our aim is to enrich life and improve efficiency through a better connected world, acting as a responsible corporate citizen, innovative enabler for the information society, and collaborative contributor to the industry. Driven by customer-centric innovation and open partnerships, Huawei has established an end-to-end ICT solutions portfolio that gives customers competitive advantages in telecom and enterprise networks, devices and cloud computing. Huawei's 170,000 employees worldwide are committed to creating maximum value for telecom operators, enterprises and consumers. Our innovative ICT solutions, products and services are used in more than 170 countries and regions, serving over one-third of the world's population. Founded in 1987, Huawei is a private company fully owned by its employees. For more information, please visit Huawei online at www.huawei.com
Bayelsa Journalist Murdered in his Home by Unknown Gunmen
Some Unidentified gunmen on Sunday killed a journalist, Famous Giobaro, the Bayelsa Police Command confirmed. Giobaro, staff of state-owned Glory FM 97.1 was killed by the gunmen at his residence at INEC Road, Kpasia in Yenagoa, the state capital. The Bayelsa Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Asinim Butswat, said the command is yet to get […]
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Updated at 2:30 p.m. ET
Almost 48 hours after violence engulfed Charlottesville, Va., President Trump called out white nationalist groups by name. Trump's remarks on Monday followed criticism that his initial statement about the clash of protesters did not condemn racist groups specifically.
"Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," the president said from the White House.
Trump began his remarks talking about his economic accomplishments and plans for trade negotiations before turning his attention to the events over the weekend in Virginia. After the Charlottesville City Council had voted earlier this year to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from one of its parks, white nationalists groups — including white supremacists, the alt-right, the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazis — descended on the city for a "Unite the Right" rally.
On Friday night, they marched on the normally sleepy college town, home to the University of Virginia, carrying torches. On Saturday conditions turned deadly as hundreds of the white nationalists, some carrying Confederate flags and shields and others in militia-like gear, clashed with counterprotesters in the city streets.
At one point a silver Dodge Challenger, allegedly driven by 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. of Ohio, rammed into a street filled with counterprotesters. Heather Heyer, 32, was killed, and at least 19 others were injured. Fields was charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and run.
President Trump expressed sympathy to Heyer's family, as well as to the families of Virginia State Troopers Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Berke M.M. Bates, who died when their helicopter that was patrolling Saturday's event crashed.
"These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation," Trump said. "In times such as these, America has always shown its true character, responding to hate with love, division with unity, and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice."
Trump spoke after meeting with newly installed FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the White House. He said that the Department of Justice had opened a civil rights investigation into the car attack.
"To anyone who acted criminally at this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered," the president said.
Sessions told ABC News on Monday morning that the car crash that had killed Heyer "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism."
"You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is unequivocally an unacceptable, evil attack," he said.
The president's condemnations may be too little too late for those who criticized Trump's initial remarks — and Trump may have missed a critical moment to be the nation's healer-in-chief. On Saturday, Trump claimed that the clashes were a result of "hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides." Top Republicans, among others, quickly criticized him for not calling out by name the white supremacists, alt-right, KKK and neo-Nazi groups who began the protests.
"Mr. President – we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism," Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., who heads up the GOP Senate campaign committee, tweeted on Saturday.
The White House put out an unsigned statement on Sunday morning, saying that, "The President said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups. He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
Vice President Pence had gone further than the president in his own comments, telling reporters Sunday night while traveling in Colombia, "We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
Trump has been blamed for being slow to criticize white supremacist groups in the past — even as he regularly attacks other targets on Twitter. During the 2016 campaign, Trump came under fire for not immediately disavowing the endorsement of David Duke, a former KKK grand wizard.
Duke, who attended the march in Virginia, said on Saturday that participants' aim was "to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump. That's what we believed in. That's why we voted for Donald Trump, because he said he's going to take our country back."
Duke later responded to one of the president's tweets condemning the violence by saying, "I would recommend you take a good look in the mirror & remember it was White Americans who put you in the presidency, not radical leftists."
Germany great Lothar Matthaus dubbed Toni Kroos one of the country's "future leaders" and called for the Real Madrid midfielder to stay with the national team after their World Cup disappointment.
Kroos gave Die Mannschaft hope of reaching the knock-out stage with his dramatic late free-kick in a 2-1 Group F victory over Sweden, but he was unable to prevent the subsequent 2-0 defeat to South Korea that sent Germany home from the World Cup at the opening stage for the first time in 80 years.
The 28-year-old midfielder was one of few Germany players to come out of the tournament with much credit and Matthaus warned that the national team could ill afford to lose his services.
"Toni Kroos leaving the German national team would hurt me very much," Matthaus told Bild. "He played an extraordinary season for Real Madrid.
"He can still play on the top level for four more years and improve those around him. Him stepping down would be a real loss.
"For me, he's one of our future leaders."
Matthaus said that Germany coach Joachim Low should address the question of whether his more experienced players are ready for the challenge of restoring the team's pride during qualification for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
"Coach Low must have a clear idea regarding the WC 2022," said the 1990 World Cup winner. "He should talk to every older player in the squad about motivation and perspectives.
"He doesn't need to attack those players, it's just an ordinary process because we're Germany, not Panama.
"There are alternatives for each position."
Name: Amanda Barrie
Age: 81
Famous, why? Actress who played legendary Alma Sedgewick on Coronation Street.
Biography: After starring in Carry On Cabby and Carry On Cleo, in which she played the title role, Amanda was in Coronation Street for 20 years before her character, Alma, was killed off in 2001. She's since appeared in Bad Girls and plays Psychic Sue in Benidorm.
Amanda says: “I'm not and never have been the greatest traveller – ever. I don't like flying, don't like travelling. So having gone to India and gritted my teeth, when I came back I went off and did a television series in Tel Aviv. I suddenly went ‘so where am I going next?'. It changed my head.
"What I found extraordinary about the whole place was that there was a shining goodwill and warmth coming from everyone, but I missed everything from the UK. What really helped me more than anything else is that I had my iPad with me and I spent most of the time in India in bed with Jennie Murray. I managed to get Jennie Murray on Radio 4 and I got the omnibus of The Archers!”
Then... As Alma Sedgewick in her Coronation Street days
Now... Describing her wedding to novelist Hilary Bonner on Lorraine
The Real Marigold Hotel series two starts on Wednesday at 9pm on BBC1
MELCROFT, Pa. (AP) — In a story Jan. 29 about the shooting deaths of four people at a car wash, The Associated Press, relying on information from state police, misspelled the first name of one of the female victims. She was Cortney Snyder, not Courtney.
A corrected version of the story is below:
The Latest: Cops look at phone records in car wash shooting
Police are focusing on phone records to try to piece together how a group of friends winds up at a Pennsylvania self-serve car wash in the early morning hours, where a gunman lying in wait killed four and injured one who managed to hide
MELCROFT, Pa. (AP) — The Latest on the deadly shooting at a Pennsylvania car wash (all times local):
3:15 p.m.
Police are focusing on phone records to try to piece together how a group of friends winds up at a Pennsylvania self-serve car wash in the early morning hours, where a gunman lying in wait killed four and injured one who managed to hide.
The shooter, 28-year-old Timothy Smith, suffered a gunshot wound to the head in the Sunday shooting at Ed's Car Wash in Melcroft, a rural town about 55 miles (89 kilometers) southeast of Pittsburgh. He is on life support and isn't expected to survive.
Victim family members say Smith was a jealous ex-boyfriend of victim Chelsie Cline.
Vicki Snyder says Smith was always polite. She says he lived at home and helped out with a sister who used a wheelchair after a car accident a few years ago.
___
8 a.m.
Family members of the victims of a shooting at a Pennsylvania car wash say the man suspected of gunning down four people was driven by jealousy.
State police say 28-year-old Timothy Smith opened fire early Sunday morning at Ed's Car Wash in Saltlick Township, a rural town about 55 miles (89 kilometers) southeast of Pittsburgh.
Twenty-seven-year-old William Porterfield, 25-year-old Chelsie Cline, 23-year-old Cortney Snyder and 21-year-old Seth Cline were all killed.
Smith was on life support Sunday and not expected to survive after suffering a gunshot wound to his head. State police say it's possible that the gunshot wound was self-inflicted.
Authorities would not reveal how Smith knew the victims, but Chelsie Cline's half-sister, Sierra Kolarik, told the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review that Smith had developed an obsession with Cline.
MILAN — Financial markets have calmed amid signs that Italy may avoid imminent elections after President Sergio Mattarella gave two populist parties time to figure out whether they can agree on an alternative to a euroskeptic economy minister.
The leader of the 5-Star Movement, Luigi Di Maio, has proposed moving the contested ministerial candidate to a different Cabinet post. League leader Matteo Salvini, meanwhile, said he isn't closing the doors on any solution. But he's also showing some resistance to the change, saying “if someone in Berlin or Paris wakes up in a bad mood that doesn't mean that an Italian minister gets kicked out.”
Mattarella gave the leaders time to form a coalition government after markets plunged on news of an interim administration that would take Italy to new elections.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Arsenal man Paul Merson has made his Sky Sports Premier League predictions and can only see a Crystal Palace win this weekend against Newcastle United.
Both team's had limited activity during the transfer window with three incoming players to speak of.
However, Merson believes that will be a larger detriment to the Magpies rather than Palace despite just two points and a single position between the sides.
The 49-year-old acknowledged both were in a relegation battle but reckons the Eagles are better equipped at the moment.
The Sky Sports pundit predicted a 2-0 win for the home side and said: "It's been a bit of a shocker for Newcastle recently on and off the field. They got hardly anything in the window.
"Islam Slimani came in but he's injured and can't play, while on the field they were winning against Burnley before Joselu missed a penalty and Karl Darlow's own goal handed the visitors a point. I just don't see anything but a Palace win here.
"Palace had a bit of a disappointing Deadline Day but that shouldn't affect them too much. They have been in decent form recently but they do have to be a bit careful.
"They are still in the relegation battle, as the Arsenal result proved, so they still need to pick up wins consistently."
New Orleans Saints head coach Sean Payton met with general manager Mickey Loomis to discuss Payton's future with the team, reports ESPN.com.
According to multiple reports, Payton met with Loomis after the Saints' season finale on Sunday, a 38–32 loss to the Atlanta Falcons. Payton refused to answer questions about his job status with the team after the game.
Payton, 53, signed a five-year contract extension with the Saints, worth a reported $45 million before the season.
“I mean, I have no reason to believe otherwise. Sean Payton's our head coach,” Saints quarterback Drew Brees said. “And honestly, I don't know where you guys are getting this stuff. I guess there's speculation, whatever. I guess anybody can just write whatever they want, and all of a sudden, people think that it's fact or there's some truth to it. I think it's completely made up, to be honest with you. Coach Payton's our head coach, and that's that.”
Payton has spent the last 10 seasons in New Orleans, compliing a 94–66 record. He has led the Saints to five playoff appearances and the franchise's only Super Bowl championship after the 2009 season.
New Orleans finished the 2016 season at 7–9, and have missed the playoffs in each of the last three seasons.
– Scooby Axson
This article originally appeared on
WILLIAMSTOWN, N.J. — The Philadelphia Eagles have surprised a fan who woke up groggy from recent dental surgery asking, “Did I miss the Super Bowl?!?”
She has two tickets for the big game in Minneapolis.
Haley Parks' father tells NJ.com the team reached out on social media Friday, offering his daughter the tickets.
She says she's “freaking out” over the news.
Meanwhile, her parents are trying to find flights to Minneapolis.
Her father posted a video on Facebook this week showing the 21-year-old Rutgers student coming out of anesthesia after having her wisdom teeth removed. She babbled about the Eagles through a mouth of cotton packing. The video had been viewed more than a million times.
The Eagles face the New England Patriots on Sunday.
——
Information from: NJ.com, http://www.nj.com
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
John Willoughby: Greene Publishing, Inc.
After notice was given for citizens to avoid contact with Lake Frances, City Hall has received results after multiple tests were done to ensure the safeness of the waters.
On Monday, June 25, a report was made to City Hall, revealing a blue surface residue on the east side of Lake Frances. The notice was given, by City Manager Jerome Wyche, to make no contact with the waters of Lake Frances, including fishing.
According to Wyche, the Madison County Health Department conducted several surface water tests on Friday, June 29, for the purpose of checking the status of the lake as there had been plenty of rainfall since the initial test on Monday, June 25. On Saturday, June 30, City Hall received word that all tests results were of negative findings and declared Lake Frances to be safe.
Since then, the warning signs have been removed and citizens may fish in the lake again. For further questions, call City Manager Jerome Wyche at (850) 973-5081.
JERUSALEM — The Israeli military on Sunday said it has destroyed a tunnel built by the Hamas militant group that stretched from the Gaza Strip several hundred meters (yards) into Israeli territory, declaring a breakthrough in its war against underground threats from the Palestinian enclave.
Lt. Col. Jonathan Conricus, a military spokesman, told reporters that Israel had used a new set of “tools” developed since a 2014 war with Hamas in order to destroy the tunnel. He said forces had detected the tunnel months ago and continued to monitor construction efforts by Hamas militants before demolishing it.
Israel has made neutralizing the tunnel threat a top priority since that war, when Hamas militants on several occasions made their way into Israel. Although they did not manage to reach civilian areas, the infiltrations caught Israel off guard, killing five soldiers in one attack, and terrified the local population.
Conricus said a new system involving combat units, military intelligence, logistics and research had been used to destroy the tunnel. The system was first used to detect a tunnel that was destroyed on Oct. 30, but other aspects of the system were used this time around, he said.
“There seems to be a change, a paradigm here in how these terror tunnels will be able to threaten us in the future,” he said. “It is by no means behind us, but this will surely force the terrorist organizations to change techniques and to adapt.”
Hamas, the armed group that controls Gaza, declined to comment.
Conricus said the tunnel began in the central Gazan town of Khan Younis and stretched for over a kilometre (half a mile) across the border and into Israel. Although not complete, he said the tunnel was “very substantial,” equipped with electricity, communications equipment and a ventilation system. It was located about a kilometre from an Israeli community.
Israeli Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman said the tunnels were an unacceptable threat and that Israel would invest “every resource” to stop them. “I hope that in the coming months the threat of tunnels on the residents surrounding Gaza will become a thing of the past,” he said.
The army said the timing of the weekend operation was not connected to a flare-up of deadly violence that followed President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital. The decision has infuriated the Palestinians, who seek Israel-annexed east Jerusalem as their own capital.
Over the weekend, Israeli airstrikes hit several militant sites in Gaza in response to rocket fire, killing two Hamas militants. On Friday, two protesters were shot dead in skirmishes with Israeli troops along Gaza's border.
Hamas' military wing issued a statement earlier Sunday threatening Israel with a “heavy price.”
“Our battle for Jerusalem is going on round the clock, above and under the ground,” the statement said.
——
Fares Akram in Gaza City, Gaza Strip, contributed reporting.
AKRON, Ohio - A former Ohio high school teacher is accused of engaging in a three-year sexual affair with a teenage boy she met when she was his eighth grade English teacher.
Laura Lynn Cross, 36, was indicted on three counts of sexual battery over a period beginning on August 1, 2013 through September 6, 2016. She was a Buchtel High School teacher.
The teen's father says he first raised concerns to both a Buchtel High School official and Tallmadge Police as early as 2012 when his son was a freshman--but no charges were filed.
Cross resigned her teaching position in January, 2015.
"First of all, she's a schoolteacher," said the teen's father. "To get aroused by a child basically you have to be a sick individual."
Even more disturbing, Cross convinced the teen's mother--who had custody--to allow the teen to move in with her in her Tallmadge home through a court approved "partial parental custody" arrangement.
Cross convinced the teen's mother that she could continue to "mentor" him.
Charges were filed only last week after police learned that Cross and the teen had a child together in 2015 that was kept secret until a tipster called the teen's father and broke the news.
An Akron School System spokesperson said the district was unaware of the case until a Cleveland-based WEWS investigation alerted them but said it is now "doing our own internal investigation going back to 2012 to determine what exactly happened and when it happened"
"It was a straight failure from the system," said the teen's father. "From the school and definitely from the police."
Cross is currently being held in the Summit County Jail under $100,000 bond.
HOUSTON (AP) Coach Bill O'Brien said Monday he doesn't know who will start at quarterback for the Houston Texans in their wild-card playoff game against the Oakland Raiders on Saturday.
Tom Savage started Houston's last two games after Brock Osweiler was benched. But Savage's status for this week is in question after he suffered a concussion in the second quarter of a loss to Tennessee on Sunday .
”We gave the players a day off (Monday) so I haven't even seen the quarterbacks. So I'll have more for you on that (Tuesday),” O'Brien said.
He was then asked whether the decision will be based mostly on health.
”No I think there are a lot of different factors,” he said. ”Obviously health is part of it, no question about it … (but) we moved the ball well – Brock did a nice job when he was in there, so there are a lot of different factors that go into it.”
Osweiler struggled with consistency and turnovers in his 14 starts this season after signing a $72 million contract in the offseason. However, he looked better after taking over on Sunday and finished with 253 yards passing and a touchdown.
Savage played well when he took over for Osweiler in the second quarter against Jacksonville on Dec. 18, throwing for 260 yards to help Houston rally for the win. But he failed to move the offense consistently last week against Cincinnati and couldn't do much on Sunday before he was injured. He had just 25 yards passing.
While Houston waits to see whether Savage will be cleared to play, the Raiders are also dealing with questions at quarterback after Matt McGloin left with a shoulder injury in his first start since Derek Carr broke his leg last week. Rookie Connor Cook took over and could have to make his first NFL start on Saturday if McGloin can't go.
The Texans' offense has underperformed this season after the team made a huge investment to upgrade that side of the ball. Houston's defense finished the regular season ranked first in yards allowed despite losing J.J. Watt early on, but the revamped offense was among the worst in the league, ranking 29th by averaging just 314.7 yards a game.
O'Brien discussed his disappointment in the offense not living up to expectations.
”Obviously no it hasn't,” he said. ”We haven't coached good enough, haven't performed good enough on offense. Look in the mirror on that. We're going to work very hard to figure out what's the best way to move the ball against Oakland. But look, what's happened happened and this is a new week and a new season, and I know our guys will come in ready to go.”
Whoever starts at quarterback for Houston this week should get a boost with the return of running back Lamar Miller , who has missed the last two games with an ankle injury. Miller has 1,073 yards rushing and five touchdowns in his first year with the Texans after spending his first four years with the Dolphins.
”He's feeling better,” O'Brien said. ”He's been a very productive player for us this year, so we're looking forward to getting him back.”
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
MINNEAPOLIS — Together again? Not so much.
Janet Jackson has shut down any rumours that she will be joining Justin Timberlake during this year's Super Bowl halftime show.
“To put to rest any speculation or rumours as to whether I will be performing at the Super Bowl tomorrow; I will not,” Jackson said in a statement released Saturday. “Thank you for your support and I do look forward to seeing you all very soon.”
Timberlake is returning to the halftime show 14 years after a wardrobe malfunction with Jackson caused a national controversy. Timberlake was Jackson's special guest during her performance at that year's game and ripped off a piece of her clothing, revealing her nipple. Timberlake later described it as an unintended “wardrobe malfunction.”
CBS, which aired that Super Bowl, was fined $550,000 by the Federal Communications Commission, but the fine later was overturned.
The hashtags #JusticeforJanet and #JanetJacksonAppreciationDay became trending topics on Twitter days before Timberlake's record third trip to the stage at the Super Bowl, at which the Philadelphia Eagles will face the New England Patriots at the U.S. Bank Stadium on Sunday.
At a press conference on Thursday, Timberlake mentioned Jackson's name, along with Jay-Z and ‘NSync, when talking about rumoured guests to join him onstage. He was not asked any direct questions about Jackson or the infamous wardrobe malfunction.
When the NFL announced late last year that Timberlake would be returning to the Super Bowl, the decision triggered a backlash from women, minorities and others who felt Jackson was unfairly forced to pay a far higher price than Timberlake faced. Some argued that Jackson, as a black woman, fell victim to a racist and sexist double standard and received harsher treatment than Timberlake, as a white man, did, and they said he benefited from “white male privilege.”
When asked during an interview last month if he and Jackson have since made peace, Timberlake said, “Absolutely.”
He said he and Jackson have talked privately about what happened.
“I don't know that a lot of people know that,” Timberlake said. “I mean, I don't think it's my job to do that, because you value the relationships that you do have with people.”
President Donald Trump will sign an executive order Tuesday aimed at furthering his “Buy American, Hire American” agenda, while visiting the headquarters of tool and manufacturing service company Snap-on (SNA) in Kenosha, Wis.
Continue Reading Below
The order will be separated into two sections, Buy American and Hire American. Under the “Buy American” portion, the administration will push forward reforms dealing with the immigration system—particularly the H-1B visa program—which then-candidate Trump promised to “end forever” on the campaign trail.
However, President Trump has softened his tone and the administration will instead attempt to rectify abuses of laws governing entry of all workers from abroad, according to senior administration officials. These officials said Monday afternoon that weak enforcement and loopholes relating to temporary employment laws for foreign workers allow them to come work in the country regardless of merit or skill. The administration contends this ultimately leads to less-skilled H-1B workers being paid less and consequently undercutting the domestic workforce.
The goal of this portion of the order is to create higher wages and higher employment rates for workers in the United States, the White House officials said. It will be enforced by the Department of Labor, the Department of State, the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Justice.
More from FOXBusiness.com…
The “Hire American” section of the executive order, which will be led by U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, will “[usher] in new, more muscular Buy American policy,” the administration officials said. It will call for a comprehensive assessment of federal procurement, and a crackdown on weak enforcement of Hire American policies—including waivers and exceptions—among government agencies. White House officials said agencies will be held “accountable” for failure to uphold these policies.
The government will also allow agencies to take the impact of foreign trade abuses, like dumping, into account while assessing their ability to execute the administration's goals. The senior officials said President Trump would consider pulling out of or renegotiating trade deals depending on the results of the assessments.
Scandinavian Airlines (SAS) reported a 2018 first-half net loss of SEK597 million ($68.8 million), narrowed from SEK876 million in the year-ago period.
The carrier said underlying earnings improved over the 1H of its 2017-18 financial year, which helped reduce the net loss. SAS made the loss on turnover fractionally up at SEK18.9 billion, compared to SEK18.8 billion a year ago.
Overall, factors including deterioration of the Swedish kroner against other currencies; a longer, colder-than-normal winter; and rising fuel prices have kept the company in the red.
SAS's first half, which runs from November to the end of April, is traditionally the weaker period of the year.
However, the underlying earnings trend for 2Q was because of “successful seasonal adjustments, which together with sales campaigns and efficient pricing policies led to higher passenger numbers and a slightly more positive than expected yield trend,” CEO Rickard Gustafson said.
He added that the implementation of efficiency measures continued and contributed to a year-on-year decrease of 2.5% in currency-adjusted unit cost, excluding jet fuel.
Noting the ongoing sharp rise in fuel prices, Gustafson said SAS was hedged at around 83% of planned consumption for 3Q and 91% for 4Q, at a price of around $600 per tonne.
CFO Torbjørn Wist noted that economic headwinds during 2Q had included an adverse currency exchange balance of SEK145 million.
Unseasonably cold weather well into April had also led to higher aircraft de-icing costs than normal and had affected punctuality.
In a sign of good prospects for the second half of the year, he said that economics in Scandinavia were strong and Europe generally was relatively stable. SAS's guidance for its full-year figures remained at SEK1.5 to 2 billion, before tax and non-recurring items.
Gustafson said that around half of SAS's short-haul fleet has been outfitted with refurbished cabins and 30 aircraft had been fitted with high-speed Wi-Fi.
In the 1H, SAS ordered 50 Airbus A320neos, plus five options, which are expected to maintain the airline's momentum in heading toward an all-Airbus fleet by 2023, phasing out Boeing 737s.
Asked during a conference call whether some of the newly ordered A320neos might be converted to A321neo LRs, Gustafson described the larger aircraft as “an interesting opportunity that may open up a new market that could be of interest to SAS. We've not made a decision yet, but I do admit that we're looking at it very seriously and running the numbers on different destinations, both eastbound and westbound, to see if there might be a market for us here.”
And, on the possibility of IAG acquiring LCC Norwegian Air Shuttle, he said it did not matter who owned the Norwegian carrier—it would remain a “strong, ambitious and aggressive competitor in our backyard.”
Alan Dron alandron@adepteditorial.com
Felix Kjellberg, better known as PewDiePie, is a 27-year-old Swedish man who last year earned $15 million from YouTube videos of himself playing and talking about video games. But as of Monday night, Kjellberg had started to lose major business partners after he posted a series of videos that included Holocaust jokes and Nazi images.
The Wall Street Journal reports that Disney-owned Maker Studios, which operates the Revelmode network that hosts Kjellberg and other YouTube stars, severed ties with Kjellberg after the company was made aware of the anti-Semitic content. When reached for comment, a representative for YouTube, which is owned by Google, said in a statement that the company is cancelling its PewDiePie web TV show (“Scare PewDiePie”). Additionally, YouTube is “removing the PewDiePie channel from Google Preferred,” an ad program for “stars” that are most desirable to advertisers.
“Although Felix has created a following by being provocative and irreverent, he clearly went too far in this case and the resulting videos are inappropriate,” a representative for Maker Studios said in a statement. “Maker Studios has made the decision to end our affiliation with him going forward.”
Kjellberg did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The news appears to have caught everyone involved off-guard; as of Tuesday morning, Kjellberg was still listed as part of the Maker Studios network on the company's website.
The videos in question, some of which have since been deleted, include people holding signs that say “Death to all Jews” and someone dressed up as Jesus Christ telling viewers that “Hitler did nothing wrong.”
Though PewDiePie has yet to respond publicly to the latest news, he wrote in a Tumblr post this past weekend that he “was trying to show how crazy the modern world is” and that he is in “no way supporting any kind of hateful attitudes.” It was part of an experiment, he said, to see what he could get away with paying people to do on the freelance work marketplace Fiverr (which is based in Israel).
In the past few months, edgy humor on TV and the internet that toes the line between “anti-comedy” and hate speech has come under a microscope. In early December, Turner Broadcasting-owned Adult Swim canceled the show “Million-Dollar Extreme” after sustained allegations of racism, anti-Semitism, and homophobia. Ad agency exec Ian Schafer, who runs the firm DeepFocus, says that such attempts at comedy are bound to run afoul of people who manage the business side.
“Regardless of the true intent, this kind of attempt at dark humor goes places that would make most, if not all, advertisers uncomfortable,” Schafer said. “What a new generation of creators need to understand is that making content for audiences can be a business, but appealing to them shouldn't happen at all costs.”
Why it matters to you League of Legends is one of the most lucrative games around and now Edgar Davids is set to receive a cut.
Legendary Dutch football player Edgar Davids won his legal battle with Riot Games. The soccer star filed a lawsuit against the company in response to a League of Legends skin that appeared to be based on his likeness, which the studio hadn't received permission to use.
The Striker Lucian skin was introduced to the enormously popular MOBA in June 2014 as part of a promotional effort ahead of the 2014 FIFA World Cup where various characters were given football-themed costumes. While most combatants were simply given outfits that resembled typical soccer attire, Lucian underwent a few changes that seemed to deliberately evoke Davids.
During his time playing for clubs like Ajax and Juventus as well as the Dutch national team, Davids stood out for his skills on the pitch. However, he also became known for his signature look — a long set of dreadlocks and a pair of protective goggles, the latter of which is far from standard issue for a football player.
Anyone with an interest in European football would likely recognize these two elements as a specific reference to Davids. Indeed, the player's son spotted the resemblance, alerting his father to the situation as evidenced by an Instagram post published shortly after the skin was released.
Davids did not seem to have too much of a problem with the skin when he first found out about it. Shortly after posting about it on Instagram, he made another public reference to its existence on Twitter.
Riot Games quality assurance analyst Heather Jones offered confirmation that the skin was based on Davids via Twitter, according to a report from US Gamer, but this post was later deleted. The player's lawyer issued a complaint to the studio in December 2015 and the company filed its defense in April 2016, claiming that League of Legends players would associate the skin with the character rather than with the footballer.
A judge in Amsterdam ruled that Davids deserves to be compensated for the usage, so now Riot Games will have to submit evidence of the money that was made from the skin, of which the player will receive a cut. However, this decision only pertains to sales that took place in the Netherlands.
Minutemaids make most of Mohawk Invite
MORRISONVILLE (Oct. 5, 2017) – The Bunker Hill Minutemaids won three matches on Wednesday and another Saturday morning to advance to the finals of the 10-team Morrisonville Mohawk Invitational.
Bunker Hill defeated Roxana in a grueling three-game affair, 25-23, 14-25, 15-11.
Brooke Morell had nine kills and Mallory Schwegel added seven kills for the Minutemaids. Daphne Devall contributed six ace serves. Ashley Dey had 11 digs and Grace Kiffmeyer had 22 assists.
Bunker Hill beat county rival Mt. Olive 25-22, 25-21.
Schwegel had 11 kills and a pair of aces. Dey added three ace serves; Morell had six digs and Kiffmeyer had 20 assists.
Against Mulberry Grove, the Minutemaids were winners by a 25-14, 25-9 county.
Allysa Austill had eight kills and Schwegel added three ace serves. Kiffmeyer had 15 assists.
On Saturday, Bunker Hill wrapped up pool play at 4-0 by downing Greenview 25-4, 25-10.
The Minutemaids met Hillsboro for the tournament title. After losing game one 25-14, the Minutemaids won the next two, 25-19, 15-12 to win the tournament.
Bunker Hill takes aim at the county title next weekend.
Mt. Olive went 1-2 in pool play on Wednesday at Morrisonville's tournament. After a loss to Bunker Hill, the Wildcats lost a tough first game battle with Roxana 29-27 and 25-14 in the second.
Against Mulberry Grove, the Wildcats rolled to a 25-14, 25-19 win, improving to 2-14.
Mt. Olive faced Greenview on Saturday to complete pool play, winning in three 22-25, 25-21, 15-8. They met Lincolnwood for fifth place in the tournament, with the Lancers prevailing 25-22, 25-11.
The Wildcats lost to Nokomis in regular season play Thursday, 25-23, 25-10.
Rachael Kernich had five points, four kills and three blocks, while Lily Gretak had four kills and three blocks. Kaleigh Ziglar added nine assists, and Savannah Bruhn added five digs.
County tournament
The county tournament hosted by Southwestern will be at Carlinville this Saturday.
The Cavaliers got the top seed, followed by Staunton, Bunker Hill, North Mac, Gillespie, Southwestern and Mt. Olive.
The Wildcats are defending tournament champions. Games start at 8 a.m. with pool play. Carlinville, North Mac and Gillespie are in one pool, while Staunton, Bunker Hill, Southwestern and Mt. Olive are in the other pool.
The championship match is set for around 2 p.m. CDT.
PHOENIX — Keonta Vernon made all eight of his shots from the field and finished with 19 points in 23 minutes to help Grand Canyon beat Grambling State 87-53 on Saturday night.
Vernon was the first to be perfect from the field on eight-plus attempts since Grand Canyon transitioned to Division I in 2013 and the fourth in program history.
Joshua Braun added 13 points, Matt Jackson scored 12 and Shaq Carr had 11 for the Antelopes (6-2), who led by as many as 20 in the first half and 18 at the break. They held the Tigers without a field goal for over seven minutes in the second half and had their largest lead at 79-41 with 4:29 to go.
Jason Perry-Murray had 13 points and 12 rebounds and Ivy Smith Jr. added 12 for Grambling State (3-6).
The Tigers scored the opening basket, Grand Canyon's Braun answered with a 3-pointer and the Antelopes led the rest of the way.
BOSTON (AP) — Danica Patrick says she “had a moment” when she lost her temper at a booing fan after qualifying for last week's NASCAR race.
She says she knows the smarter thing to do would have been to “just keep walking.”
“But every now and again they just catch you in a moment, and I had a moment,” Patrick says.
In a video that went viral, Patrick stormed over to the fan and said: “I'm a person, too. I have feelings. When you boo me, it hurts my feelings.”
The 35-year-old driver said during a promotional tour of Boston on Wednesday that she decided not to sign autographs for a fan at the Poconos track who had gone through a security cordon.
She says she “didn't feel it was right to honor that person for disrespecting the security guard.”
—
More AP auto racing: http://racing.ap.org
Comments
comments
HARARE, Zimbabwe (AP) — The Zimbabwe Football Association says one of its referees has reported being offered a bribe of $10,000 to fix a Confederation Cup game in Equatorial Guinea.
It's the second time in two weeks that a match official has claimed to have been approached to fix a game in Africa's second-biggest club tournament.
Gladmore Mzambi, vice chairman of the Zimbabwe association's referees committee, told The Associated Press on Tuesday that referee Norman Matemera reported being offered the bribe by representatives of Equatorial Guinea's Deportivo Niefang club. They wanted the ref to influence the second leg of their knockout tie against the Ivory Coast's Williamsville AC so they could overturn a 2-0 first-leg deficit.
Mzambi says that Matemera has reported that when he refused the bribe, he was approached by the match commissioner, Togo's Lawson Mahuwe, who also tried to bribe him on behalf of Deportivo Niefang.
The alleged attempt by Deportivo Niafeng did not work, with the team going out of the competition on aggregate despite winning the game in question last week 2-1.
South African referee Victor Gomes says that he and his assistants were offered $30,000 to fix a game in the same competition in Nigeria two weeks ago.
This week sports director Jake Zimmermann argues that Badger guard Bronson Koenig is doing more harm than good if he's playing while injured. Listen to this week's Jake's Take which also includes comments from former Badger Josh Gasser about Koenig's injury.
Advertisement
Related
Comments
comments
As mental health advocates and experts shed light on health conditions affecting African-Americans, such as depression, post-traumatic stress disorder and other mental health conditions, some mental health experts say resources and awareness are still lacking for disorders such as anxiety.
Affecting over 40 million adults in the U.S., there are various types of anxiety disorders ,including generalized anxiety disorder, panic disorder and phobias. Having anxiety affects one's daily activities, personal relationships and can impact one's health.
Angela Neal-Barnett, a director of Kent State's Program for Research on Anxiety Disorders among African-Americans within the school's Department of Psychology, told NBC News that for years, no one was writing about anxiety and blackness because researchers assumed anxiety disorders affected African-Americans the same as whites. While on an internship as part of her studies, she was told that the only things African-Americans were afraid of were roaches and rats.
“Anxiety is the most common mental health disorder in the United States and impacts African-Americans at a higher rate than any other group — especially African-American women,” she said. “When I was a doctoral student I had some questions about anxiety but did not believe what the experts of the day were saying about it.”
Angela Neal-Barnett Courtesy Angela Neal-Barnett
A 2005 report by the National Institute of Mental Health stated that African-Americans were less likely to experience anxiety than whites. But according to a 2010 report by the National Center for Biotechnology Information, African-Americans were diagnosed with PTSD more than whites .
The author of "Soothe Your Nerves: The Black Woman's Guide to Understanding and Overcoming Anxiety, Panic, and Fear," Neal-Barnett focuses her research on the topic of blackness and anxiety to dispel mental health myths about African-Americans and open the dialogue in black communities.
“What I try to do is look within the context of how we live and how we talk about things within various black communities,” Neal-Barnett said. “What I have discovered in my research and in my work is that African-Americans have not had a name for what they were experiencing."
Touchstone
Neal-Barnett said many people believe having anxiety is normal and African-Americans have a long history of calling anxiety "nerves or other issues." She said one's family as well their religious institution can influence these thoughts.
“We are taught that anxiety is the result of something we are doing wrong,” she said. “If we pray a little harder, if we keep ourselves in the word more we would not be experiencing this. And yet we forget that in both the Old and New Testaments of the Bible, we see the evidence of panic attacks. Like when Elijah ran after being threatened with death, or when Jesus is in the Garden of Gethsemane wailing and crying. If those are not panic attacks, then I don't know what is.”
Although anxiety can have a negative impact on one's life, it can be managed. Neal-Barnett gives the following tips on how to overcome anxiety:
Become aware of our anxiety and combat it
"Some anxiety motivates us. It makes us better people. But there are some people where their anxiety interferes with their lives. And when it interferes with your life, that is when anxiety becomes a disorder."
Call it what it is
"You have to put a name to it: 'I have social anxiety. I have panic attacks.' By calling it what it is, you can then accept what is happening to you. By accepting what is happening to you, you can figure out how to deal with your anxiety, what is triggering your anxiety and the best route to manage your anxiety."
Figure out how to counteract your anxiety
"When we are anxious, a lot of times it is because our mind is keeping us anxious. We have to learn to recognize we are doing anxious thinking and then empty our minds of anxious thoughts. We teach people to recognize that their thinking is anxious, and then we teach them how to change that thinking through cognitive restructuring. We use musical cognitive restructuring. In our research, we have had our subjects find a song or write/record a theme song so that when they recognize the anxious thinking, what they then do is use their theme song to push out the anxious thoughts and replace with them positive thoughts. Some people do puzzles. Some will say a prayer. Find what works for you."
Don't be afraid to ask for help
"There is no shame in asking for help. Anxiety is quite easy to treat; particularly if your anxiety is treated early. It is treatable and you can reclaim your life. Find someone who understands your issues or find a therapist. Cognitive behavior therapy is the best therapy. Some do it with a combination of therapy and medication. Medication kind of takes the edge off the anxiety, but to truly overcome your anxiety, you really have to do the psychological work."
Follow NBCBLK on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
EAST LANSING, Mich. — Cassius Winston sprinted up the sideline, called for the ball and got it to put up a 3-pointer.
Swish.
Winston scored 15 points and missed only one shot beyond the arc, helping the third-ranked Spartans beat Southern Utah 88-63 on Saturday night.
“I was definitely feeling it,” he said. “My teammates did a good job of getting the ball in my hands where I could make shots.”
That's a good idea this season.
After making just 38 per cent of his 3-pointers last season, Winston has connected on 61 per cent and almost has as many makes beyond the arc that he did all of last season.
“I've put a lot of work into it,” he said. “There's going to be a lot of attention on other guys. If I can knock down open jumpers like that, it opens the floor up that much more.”
The point guard made 5 of 6 3-point attempts against the Thunderbirds. Over the last six games, the sophomore has connected on 19 of 26 3-pointers.
“He is shooting the lights out,” Michigan State coach Tom Izzo said.
Winston is often open because many of his teammates can score, too.
“He's shooting with great confidence and he's getting it off quick,” Southern Utah coach Todd Simon said. “He's a game-changer for them when he's playing like that. There are not many holes in that lineup.”
Miles Bridges , Nick Ward and Jaren Jackson each scored 17 points for the Spartans (9-1) as they won an eighth straight by double digits since losing to top-ranked Duke , which lost Saturday.
Jackson had 13 rebounds and five blocks. Bridges had 11 rebounds and six assists.
The Thunderbirds (5-4) had won three straight. They kept it relatively close at the Breslin Center for a while, trailing by just five points midway through the second half.
Michigan State's balanced team took control with a 21-7 run to take a 79-60 lead with 4:45 left.
Southern Utah's Dre Marin, Jacob Calloway and Jadon Cohee scored 12 points apiece and Ivan Madunic added 10 points.
“We're kind of a budding program, rebuilding this thing,” Simon said. “Our guys played really hard. From a competitive standpoint, I was really proud of the guys.”
BIG PICTURE
Southern Utah: The Thunderbirds can upset a lot of teams if they make 3-pointers like they did at Michigan State, connecting on 11 beyond the arc.
“Our game plan was to get 30 3s up and make 15 of them,” Simon said. “We felt like we could because they're so aggressive defensively. We passed up some and drove inside the trees and found that was not a good strategy.”
Michigan State: The Spartans may be ranked No. 1 on Monday for the first time in two years. The top-ranked Blue Devils (11-1) lost to Boston College on Saturday, No. 2 Kansas (7-1) lost to Washington on Wednesday and No. 4 Villanova (9-0) is unbeaten going into Sunday's game against La Salle.
Izzo welcomes the top spot.
“I think this team has to learn how to handle all these things,” he said.
HOMECOMING
Simon had a lot of fans in the stands because he's from Fowler, Michigan, a small town about 30 miles from Michigan State, and he graduated from Central Michigan in 2003.
“That part of it was a pretty cool experience,” he said.
UP NEXT:
Southern Utah: Plays on Saturday at home against Central Michigan.
Michigan State: Plays Oakland on Saturday in Detroit after Michigan faces Detroit Mercy in Little Caesars Arena.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
The PA Maan news agency reported today (Wednesday) that the head of the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) Mike Pompeo met yesterday with PA Chairman Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah, without prior coordination with Israel's Foreign Ministry.
The meeting was attended by PA intelligence chief Majid Faraj and several other PA officials, including Secretary General of the PLO Executive Committee Saeb Erekat.
Several political and security issues were treated during the meeting, most of which relating to the Arab-Israeli conflict and regional issues such as Syrian developments.
A PA source told Haaretz that "the meeting with the head of the CIA was coordinated last week, during meetings between the head of PA intelligence and US intelligence officials.
Meanwhile, a senior White House source said Tuesday that President Donald Trump supports peace between Israel and the PA, but does not insist on a two-state solution.
The senior source said that achieving peace is Trump's ultimate goal: "Whether it comes in the form of a two-state solution, if that is what the parties want, or something else."
"A two-state solution that does not bring peace is not a goal that anybody wants to achieve," he added. "We are not going to dictate to the parties the conditions for an agreement."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace have submitted their 25-man squad for the rest of the season - with only 24 players named in it.
The Eagles have included new signings Alexander Sorloth and Jaroslaw Jach in the list of registered players, while Swedish midfieler Erdal Rakip is included among the list of U21 players who are also eligible to play.
Fellow loanees Timothy Fosu-Mensah and Ruben Loftus-Cheek are also included in the U21 list, while first team squad member Jairo Riedewald also features on that list.
But while Palace have only named 24 players over the age of 21 in their squad list, three players who have been ruled out for the season - Scott Dann, Jason Puncheon and Bakary Sako - are among them, along with Connor Wickham, who is yet to return from a cruciate knee ligament injury.
The Palace list is as follows:
Christian Benteke, Yohan Cabaye, Scott Dann, Damien Delaney, Wayne Hennessey, Jaroslaw Jach, Martin Kelly, Chung-yong Lee, James McArthur, Luka Milivojevic, Jordon Mutch, Jason Puncheon, Mamadou Sakho, Bakary Sako, Jeffrey Schlupp, Alexander Sorloth, Pape Souare, Julian Speroni, James Tomkins, Andros Townsend, Patrick van Aanholt, Joel Ward, Connor Wickham, Wilfried Zaha.
U21 players:
Jacob Berkeley-Agyepong, David Boateng, Tyler Brown, Lewis Bryon, Andre Coker, James Daly, Andrew Demby, William Donkin, Luke Dreher, Jason Lokilo, Kian Flanagan, Timothy Fosu-Mensah, Victor Fundi, Matthew Funnell, Bivesh Gurung, Ryan Hanson, Dion Curtis-Henry, Joseph Hungbo, Francis Jno Baptiste, Nya Kirby, Levi Lumeka, Kyle Lynch, Joshua Malcolm, Drew Matthews, Giovanni McGregor, Tyrick Mitchell, Oliver O'Dwyer, Brandon Oddy, Ehizojie Onoabhagbe, Tariq Ossai, Will Ozono, Michael Phillips, Erdal Rakip, Jairo Riedewald, Sean Robertson, Jordan Serrato, Nikola Tavares, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Courtney Watson, Oliver Webber, Samuel Woods.
Senior White House official: Peace is the goal, but we will no longer insist on “two-state solution”.
A senior White House official declared on Tuesday night that the United States would no longer insist on a “two-state solution” to the Israeli-Palestinian Authority (PA) conflict.
The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the United States would not seek to dictate the terms of any eventual peace settlement, but would support what the two sides agree to together.
"A two-state solution that doesn't bring peace is not a goal that anybody wants to achieve," the official said on condition of anonymity, according to the AFP news agency.
"Peace is the goal, whether that comes in the form of a two-state solution if that's what the parties want, or something else if that's what the parties want."
"That's going to be up to them, we are not going to dictate what the terms of peace are going to be," said the official, according to AFP.
The comments mark a change of direction from that of previous administrations which insisted that the “two-state solution” is the best way to resolve the conflict.
They are in line with a report on Channel 10 News on Monday, which said that Trump will not use the term “two states” during his meeting with Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu this Wednesday.
The report cited sources who said that Trump wants to be the President who achieves peace between Israel and its Arab neighbors. The sources also stated that Trump would not pressure Netanyahu regarding construction in Judea and Samaria.
Since assuming office last month, Trump has sought to show that the United States is an unwavering ally of Israel, trying to draw a contrast with former President Barack Obama, who pressured Netanyahu to freeze construction in Judea and Samaria and warned that the communities there threaten the two-state solution.
The White House official spoke as Netanyahu was meeting with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson at the State Department on Tuesday night.
As fundraisers go, this is one of the sweetest around.
And it's for a cause very close to many hearts - mine included. Cupcakes for animal welfare. And the safety and well-being of our forever furry friends.
Raising funds and awareness is as easy as, well - cupcakes! In fact, we're all being encourged to preheat ovens and start baking up a storm for National Cupcake Day, coming up fast Feb. 27, all in order to make - or bake a difference in animals in need.
Now in its fifth year, National Cupcake Day is presented in partnership by the Ontario SPCA and the BC SPCA, and is a collaborative event to support local SPCAs and Humane Societies across Canada.
In 2016, animal lovers across Canada raised over $615,000 in support of their local animal welfare societies.
The campaign has raised $1.85 million to date.
And it really is an easy event to participate in - all you have to do is register to host a National Cupcake Day party and invite co-workers, friends and family. Guests donate to the participating animal welfare charity of the host's choice in exchange for a cupcake! By doing so, you're raising critically-needed funds for animals that are abused, abandoned, neglected or no longer wanted.
Cupcake Day parties can be held anywhere, and on any date in February.
“National Cupcake Day is fun, delicious and, best of all, it changes the lives of animals that have endured hardship and cruelty,” says celebrity chef Anna Olson, host of the Food Network's Bake with Anna Olson and official ‘Cupcake Crusader' for the campaign. “The funds you raise will have a significant impact on the animal welfare societies in your community, ensuring that their life-saving work continues.”
I can't add to that. I'm going to be hosting a cupcake day in my office knowing it's one of the sweetest - and easiest - fundraising events around.
Here are a couple of recipes to get you started. And follow the details on the sidebar if you're interested in hosting your own National Cupcake Day, too.
***
How you can get involved:
1. Register for FREE at nationalcupcakeday.ca
2. Receive for your Cupcake Host Kit to arrive in the mail or download it online.
3. Customize your Personal Fundraising Centre online and ask your friends, family and colleagues to support your fundraising efforts.
4. Send your friends and family an email through your participant centre, encouraging them to show their support by donating online.
5. Plan your National Cupcake Day Party for home, work, school or wherever you think people would love to eat cupcakes.
6. Hold your National Cupcake Day Party on Monday, Feb. 27 or any day in February that works for you.
7. Bake, decorate and eat!
- Visit nationalcupcakeday.ca to register, bake and donate.
Some sweet inspiration:
RHUBARB CUPCAKES WITH STRAWBERRY CREAM CHEESE ICING
Look for rhubarb in frozen food section, or substitute frozen berries if you cannot source. Recipe and photo courtesy Foodland Ontario.
Cupcakes:
1 cup (250mL) all-purpose flour
1 tsp. (5mL) baking powder
1/4 tsp. (1mL) salt
1/3 cup (75mL) butter, at room temperature
3/4 cup (175mL) granulated sugar
2 eggs
1/2 tsp. (2 mL) vanilla
1/4 cup (60 mL) milk
3/4 cup (175mL) diced rhubarb (about 1/4-inch/0.5 cm)
Icing:
1/4 cup (60 mL) cream cheese, softened
1 Tbsp. (15mL) butter, at room temperature
3 Tbsp. (45mL) strawberry jam
2 cups (500mL) icing sugar, sifted
2 tsp. (10mL) milk
Strawberry jam (optional)
Line a muffin pan with paper liners; set aside. In medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder and salt. In large bowl, using electric mixer, beat butter until creamy. Gradually beat in sugar until well combined. Beat in eggs, one at a time. Add vanilla and beat until fluffy. Gradually beat in flour mixture, alternating with milk, just until smooth. Stir in rhubarb. Using ice cream scoop or large spoons, spoon batter into prepared muffin pan, filling about 3/4 full.
Bake in 350F (180C) oven for 20 to 22 minutes, or until tester inserted in centre comes out clean. Let cool in pan on a rack for 5 minutes; remove cupcakes onto rack and cool completely.
ICING: In medium bowl, using electric mixer, beat cream cheese and butter until smooth. Beat in jam. Add icing sugar and milk; beat until very smooth. Spread icing over cooled cupcakes (or use piping bag). If desired, drizzle a bit of strawberry jam (thinned with a bit of water), over icing. Store in airtight container and refrigerate up to 3 days.
Makes 12 cupcakes.
CARROT AND TRIPLE-CHOCOLATE CUPCAKES
Recipe and photo courtesy Foodland Ontario
Cupcakes:
1/2 cup (125mL) unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 cup (250mL) light brown sugar
3 eggs, separated
1 tsp (5mL) vanilla
1/2 tsp. (2mL) almond extract
1 cup (250mL) coarsely grated carrots (about 3 medium)
1-1/2 cups (375mL) all-purpose flour
1/2 cup (125mL) cocoa powder
1-1/2 tsp. (7mL) ground cinnamon
1 tsp. (5mL) baking soda
1/2 tsp. (2mL) baking powder
1/4 tsp. (1mL) freshly grated nutmeg
1 cup (250mL) buttermilk
1/3 cup (75mL) semisweet chocolate chips
Icing:
1/2 cup (125mL) unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 cup (250mL) icing sugar
2/3 cup (150mL) cocoa powder
1/4 cup (60 mL) buttermilk
1 tsp. (5mL) vanilla
Decoration:
Half pkg. (8 oz/227 g pkg) marzipan
Red and yellow food colouring
Using electric hand mixer, beat butter with all but 1 Tbsp. (15 mL) of brown sugar until fluffy. Add egg yolks, vanilla and almond extract; beat again. Stir in carrots. Set aside.
In large bowl, sift together flour, cocoa powder, cinnamon, baking soda, baking powder and nutmeg. Fold into butter mixture, alternate with buttermilk, making 3 additions of flour mixture and 2 of buttermilk. Fold in chocolate chips.
In separate bowl, beat egg whites until frothy. Beat in remaining 1 Tbsp. (15 mL) brown sugar until stiff. Gently fold into batter until just blended. Divide among 12 paper-lined muffin cups. Bake in 375F (190C) oven for about 25 minutes or until tops are springy to the touch. Let cool completely on rack.
ICING: In bowl, beat together butter, icing sugar and cocoa powder for about 1 minute or until fluffy and smooth. Beat in buttermilk and vanilla until smooth. Spread over cooled cupcakes.
TOPPING: Knead marzipan to soften. Tint with food colouring by combining one part red food colouring to two parts yellow to make orange. Form into 12 small carrot shapes. Roll edge of small knife around each carrot, making light indentations. Make small hole in top of each carrot with toothpick; press fresh carrot greens (leaf) into hole.
Makes 12 cupcakes.
PUMPKIN BACON PUPPY PAW COOKIES
Chef Anna Olson created this special cupcakes for puppies and dogs in mind!
4 slices turkey bacon
1½ cups (375mL) pure pumpkin puree
3/4 cup (175mL) milk
1/4 cup (60mL) vegetable oil
1 large egg
1 2/3 cups (250g) whole wheat flour
1-1/2 tsp. (7mL) baking powder
1/4 tsp. (1mL) baking soda
1/4 tsp. (1mL) ground cinnamon
Preheat oven to 375F (190C) and line 2 baking trays with parchment paper.
Cook bacon over medium high heat until crisp, flipping it over 3/4 way through cooking, about 8 minutes in total. Drain bacon on a paper towel, but reserve fat in pan if you wish to use it in treats. Add cooked bacon to bowl of a food processor and pulse until finely ground. Add pumpkin puree, milk, oil and egg and pulse until smooth. Add flour, baking powder, baking soda and cinnamon and pulse until mixture is a smooth paste.
Fill a piping bag fitted with a large plain tip with mixture and pipe “puppy paw” shapes onto prepared trays. To do this, first pipe centre pad to each paw about 1-1/2 in. (36 mm) across, and then pipe 3 smaller dots above base, to maketoes. Bake treats for about 15 minutes, until they lift easily from tray. Allow treats to cool on tray before packing in an airtight container.
Treats will keep for up to 4 days in an airtight container (unrefrigerated) or they can be frozen indefinitely.
Makes about 2 ½ dozen soft treats.
Reports: Turkish police detain 8 people in connection with Istanbul nightclub attack; gunman not among those in custody.
US-Nigeria summit: FG defends ministers – Daily Sun
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BOSTON — Celtics guard Marcus Smart is active for Game 5 of their first-round playoff series against Milwaukee.
Smart was medically cleared by doctors and participated in the Celtics' Tuesday morning shootaround. Coach Brad Stevens says he'll come off the bench and wear a protective splint.
Smart had surgery on March 16 to repair a torn ligament in his right thumb. He hasn't played in a game since March 11.
Smart's return should provide a lift to a short-handed Boston backcourt. With Smart out, Terry Rozier has been starting with Kyrie Irving ruled out for the playoffs following his second knee surgery. Reserve Shane Larkin has been playing extra minutes to support Rozier.
Prior to his injury, Smart was averaging 10.2 points, 4.8 assists and 3.5 rebounds per game.
——
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
STILLWATER, Okla. (AP) - Oklahoma State avenged its loss to Alabama from four years ago while blasting the Crimson Tide to win the NCAA men's golf championship on its home course Wednesday.
Vitkor Hovland never trailed in the opening match against Lee Hodges in a 4-and-3 victory. Zach Bouchou won five straight holes, holing out a bunker shot on his way to an 8-and-7 victory over Jonathan Hardee.
Matthew Wolff delivered the clinching point, a 4-and-3 victory over Davis Riley, and the celebration was on at Karsten Creek Golf Club.
The Cowboys had the home crowd on their side, and they gave their orange-clad fans plenty to cheer.
Oklahoma State won its 11th NCAA title, second only to Houston's 16. Its previous championship was in 2006 when it was stroke play. Since switching to match play in 2009, the Cowboys have been runner-up twice.
One of those years was to Alabama in 2014 at Prairie Dunes in Kansas, about a three-hour drive north of Stillwater. Alabama won big for back-to-back titles.
The Tide advanced to the championship match by sweeping the five matches against Duke in the semifinals. Alabama fell behind big in three matches against Oklahoma State, and trailed in all five matches when Wolff clinched it.
The final score was 3-2 because the other two matches, which no longer mattered, ended where they were.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
PHOENIX — A dozen teams passed on Donovan Mitchell in last year's draft before Denver finally picked him and promptly traded him to Utah.
The Jazz must be so grateful the way it all turned out.
The former Louisville star scored 40 points, one shy of his career high, and the Jazz won their fourth in a row with a 129-97 rout of the Phoenix Suns on Friday night.
“I didn't know I had 40 to be honest with you,” Mitchell said. “I didn't know until Joe (Ingles) told me. I think the biggest thing was we were clicking. Everybody was clicking, that was the best part of it.”
The blowout followed a 30-point win over Golden State in Salt Lake City on Tuesday night, only the third time in Jazz history that the team has had consecutive 30-point wins.
Mitchell made 14 of 19 shots and a career-best seven 3s in nine attempts. It was the sixth game of at least 30 points in his young NBA career.
“He's just making progress,” Jazz coach Quin Snyder said. “We've been saying that for a while, he learns quickly. If there are nights when it's not a good, not as fluid, there's usually some reason why, people guarding him different ways. But he adapts very quickly. I thought his reads were really good.”
Ricky Rubio had 14 points, nine assists and six rebounds for the Jazz. Ingles added 16 points, including 4-of-6 3s, and Derrick Favours had 12 points and 10 rebounds.
Josh Jackson led the Suns with 20 points. Devin Booker, still bothered by bruised ribs, scored 18 points for Phoenix but on 7-of-24 shooting. He missed all seven of his 3s. Dragan Bender added 16 points and nine rebounds.
The Jazz, who hadn't played since beating Golden State, opened a four-game trip in dominant fashion.
The Suns' only lead was 2-0.
Utah scored 14 straight points to go up 24-8 before Bender came off the bench for eight first-quarter points and Phoenix finished the first quarter with a 12-2 run to cut the lead to 28-23.
The Suns never got any closer. Mitchell sank a 3-pointer, was fouled by Booker, and made the free throw for a four-point play, igniting a 12-0 run that put Utah up 53-33 on Rubio's 3.
The Jazz led 62-40 at the half. They were up by 36 during the third quarter and 41 in the fourth.
It was the most one-sided loss for Phoenix since Jay Triano took over as interim coach three games into the season. He lamented the inconsistency of his team, which was coming off a home win over Dallas.
“It's probably the sign of a young basketball team, but it's disappointing to me,” Triano said. “I'd like to think we make steps and we start moving in the right direction and then we take a step back.”
MIGHTY MITCHELL
Mitchell is the seventh active player to score 40 as a rookie, and now he's done it twice. He scored 41 in a win over the New Orleans Pelicans on Dec. 1. The other six are LeBron James, Carmelo Anthony, Kevin Durant, Eric Gordon, Steph Curry and Blake Griffin.
Mitchell said this was better than his 41-point game because the team played better.
“My biggest thing is I was just relaxed and settled down,” he said. “When I come into games relaxed and kind of calm, that's when I start to figure out things.”
TIP-IN
Jazz: Mitchell will participate in the Rising Stars Challenge and the Skills Challenge on All-Star weekend. … Rubio has five career triple-doubles, none with Utah. … Utah's largest margin of victory this season was 47 points against Washington on Dec. 4.
Suns: Booker was 2 for 2 at the foul line to break the franchise record for consecutive free throws made in a season at 58. Kevin Johnson (1989-90) and Mike Bratz (1980) shared the previous record of 57. … T.J. Warren matched his season low with four points. … Suns signed guard Josh Gray to a 10-day contract. Gray had been with the Northern Arizona Suns of the G-League. He scored seven points, all in the fourth quarter, in his NBA debut. … Center Alex Len (right ankle soreness) did not play for the second straight game and has missed five of the last six.
UP NEXT
Jazz: at San Antonio Spurs Saturday night.
Suns: Host Charlotte Hornets on Sunday.
——
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Grammy winning rapper Big Boi has joined Sony's Superfly remake.
Trevor Jackson, who can currently be seen in the Freeform comedy Grown-ish, will lead the cast as Youngblood Priest, while Straight Outta Compton star Jason Mitchell will play his business partner, Eddie. Sony did not comment on the latest casting.
Director X will helm the re-imagining of the '70s cult classic that follows a cocaine dealer who tries to secure one more deal before getting out of the business. Alex Tse (Watchmen) penned the screenplay.
Grammy nominated rapper Future will curate Superfly's soundtrack. He will also produce, alongside Joel Silver, with Steven R. Shore, Matthew Hirsch, Hal Sadoff and Aaron Ausch serving as executive producers.
Superfly, which is currently filming in Atlanta, is set for a June 15, 2018 release.
Big Boi is best known as one half of the legendary hip-hop duo Outkast, earning seven Grammy awards. This year, he picked up a nom for best rap song for his track “Chase Me” that can be heard in Edgar Wright's Baby Driver. His Hollywood career includes recently wrapped recurring roles on The Quad for BET and MTV's Scream, and a appearance on Lee Daniels' Fox series, Star.
This article originally appeared in The Hollywood Reporter.
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /socialRegistrationForm *}
Vibrant Nashville-based Americana duo The Grahams have two gigs in Derbyshire lined up as part of their UK tour.
They will be previewing material from their new studio album and the soundtrack to their new documentary Love & Distortion.
In autumm 2018 The Grahams - comprising husband and wife Doug and Alyssa - set out on a spectacular motorcycle expedition across America's time warped Route 66. Amidst the neon, This trip inspired the documentary in which The Grahams explore the concept of ‘real' America with the eccentric and notorious characters who live and work in the strange and mysterious world that it Route 66.
The surreal soundtrack includes contributions from Nashville's finest; Elizabeth Cook, Aaron Lee Tasjan, Dylan LeBlanc, Chuck Mead, Lilly Hiatt, The Grahams and many more,
On the first taster from the soundtrack, which will only be available as a limited edition 7inx single at UK shows, until the full soundtrack's official release later this year, The Grahams interpret The Pretenders' ‘Don't Get Me Wrong', a Top 10 hit on both sides of the Atlantic in 1986, and Mazzy Star's 1994 cult classic ‘Fade Into You'.
The Grahams play at Taddington Village Institute on Wednesday, February 14, Tickets £10 (standard) or £9.50 (advance), £9 (over 65) or £7 (over 65, advance), Call 01298 85384 or 07929151688. Tickets also available from the Queens Arms, Taddington.
and at Crich Glebe Field Centre on February 17. Tickets £12.50 and £10 (advance) or £9 and £7 (advance) for 16 years and under. Call 01773 853260 or email: david@joylane.org.uk or www.liveandlocal.org.uk
LISTEN: MLS from A to Z after a weekend of big goals, dying playoff dreams and contentious Video Review incidents. Are the Sounders the class of the West? Are the Red Bulls ready to capture a USOC title? Can Real Salt Lake pull off a (relative) miracle? Subscribe now and "Like" our Facebook page so you never miss a show! Download this episode!
Success or failure? In MLS, the general margins of both are determined by playoff qualification. With a little more than two months left in the MLS regular season, those margins are starting to be very thin. Andrew, David and Matt run through a busy MLS weekend attempting to answer the questions that will determine whether your club is one of the 12 who have a shot at MLS Cup.
Are the Sounders the class of the weakened West or are Houston's young guns the better bet? Are LA's playoff dreams dead? Can Portland avoid disaster? Is the Shield a step too far for road-weary Chicago? Could Real Salt Lake make a miraculous run? Do Dallas have enough firepower to finally capture the silverware Oscar Pareja seeks?
ExtraTime Live driven by Continental: Like our page so you'll never miss a show!
In the second segment, it's all US Open Cup, as the New York Red Bulls head to Cincinnati with a place in the final on the line. They do so on the back of another big win against Orlando, one that got tongues wagging as Video Review saw Kaka sent off in stoppage time. Then it's time for the Baer's Lair, where more #MLSmiddlenames are bandied about and hot takes flow like water.
Want to be a part of the show? Drop your thoughts in the comment section, email or tweet the show and call or text the Hot-Take Hotline at 401-206-0MLS and you could appear on ExtraTime Radio or ExtraTime Live! Free advice: Keep it short and sweet and avoid colorful language!
DOWNLOAD THE SHOW | SUBSCRIBE ON ITUNES | LIKE OUR FACEBOOK PAGE
Pretty soon, a speaker with built-in Google Assistant will be about as headline-worthy as its volume knob. Like it or not, talking to your tech is fast becoming the norm. We're not quite there yet, though, and there remains something novel about ordering a crap song to be skipped from the other side of the room without reaching for a control. Which brings us to JBL's Link 500 (£349.99) - the most powerful Google Assistant-enabled speaker on the market, according to its maker. Far-fields mics mean the speaker should have no problems with hearing you over its meaty bass and room-filling stereo sound, while dual 2.4GHz and 5GHz Wi-Fi gives you a faster connection. Need more noise? You can go multi-room with any speakers that have Chromecast built-in. “Ok Google, make me even more unpopular with the neighbours.”
Lessons on safe sleep practices for low-income parents, and 200 portable cribs. That's what a $20,000 contract represented for a St. Louis nonprofit, before the Missouri Department of Health decided not to renew it this fall.
“We were told they are switching their focus … to violence prevention,” said Lori Behrens, executive director of Infant Loss Resources. “It's hard to argue with the need for that.”
The crib donation program is one of the most commonly requested items offered by Infant Loss Resources, Behrens said. The change comes alongside deep cuts to social services in Missouri's budget, which Republican Gov. Eric Greitens signed in June.
Other organizations are experiencing even steeper losses. But Behrens' group and other nonprofits working to prevent infant deaths in the St. Louis area decided they could try and make up the difference.
“At a time when we're trying to address safe infant sleep and address infant mortality, to lose a funding source that's directly related to one of the most common ways that babies lose their lives was a tough hit,” said Nurses for Newborns CEO Melinda Ohlemiller. “This quite simple thing … it has a huge impact.”
The groups are ramping up their efforts to collect and distribute portable cribs before Jan. 1, Ohlemiller said. Her organization also accepts cash donations. A $100 contribution pays for the crib and a staff member to go over safe sleep practices with a new parent, she said.
Those practices are known as the A, B, C's: Babies should sleep alone, on their back, and in a crib or bassinet that meets safety standards. If a family doesn't own a crib, meeting those standards becomes harder.
About 3,500 U.S. infants die each year from sleep-related deaths, a number that has not declined in recent years, according to the American Academy of Pediatrics.
“If the family's stress level is high, or their house is cold, or they have to get up really early the next morning, all of those things can impact that decision,” Ohlemiller said. “Am I going to keep the baby in bed with me even though it might not be the safest thing?”
Follow Durrie on Twitter: @durrieB.
WASHINGTON — Just 24 per cent of Americans believe the country is heading in the right direction after a tumultuous stretch for President Donald Trump that included the threat of war with North Korea, stormy complaints about hurricane relief and Trump's equivocating about white supremacists. That's a 10-point drop since June, according to a poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.
The decline in optimism about the nation's trajectory is particularly pronounced among Republicans. In June, 60 per cent of Republicans said the country was headed in the right direction; now it's just 44 per cent.
The broader picture for the president is grim, too. Nearly 70 per cent of Americans say Trump isn't level-headed, and majorities say he's not honest or a strong leader. More than 60 per cent disapprove of how he is handling race relations, foreign policy and immigration, among other issues.
Overall, 67 per cent of Americans disapprove of the job Trump is doing in office, including about one-third of Republicans.
Tracy Huelsman, a 40-year-old from Louisville, Kentucky, is among them. A self-described moderate Republican, Huelsman said she's particularly concerned about the “divisiveness” she feels the president promotes on social media.
“It's scary in 2017 that we are in what seems like a worse place in terms of division,” said Huelsman, who did not vote for Trump in last year's election.
The assessments come after a turbulent summer for Trump that included a major White House shake-up, bringing the departure of his chief of staff, top strategist and press secretary. While the installment of retired Marine Gen. John Kelly as chief of staff has ushered in more day-to-day order in the West Wing, the president has still stirred up numerous controversies, including when he blamed “both sides” for the clashes between white supremacists and counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has also raised the spectre of a military conflict with North Korea over its nuclear provocations. He's derided North Korea's leader, Kim Jong-un, as “rocket man,” including during a speech at the United Nations, and has downplayed the prospects that diplomatic negotiations with Kim could yield results.
Despite his electoral success, Trump struggled as both a candidate and now as president to broaden his base of support beyond his ardent supporters. The loyalty of his core backers has been enough to keep Republican lawmakers largely in line, but party operatives are closely watching Trump's support among GOP and independent voters ahead of next year's midterm elections, when the balance of power in Congress will be at stake.
To be sure, lawmakers have their own problems to worry about. Americans have even less esteem for Congress than Trump, with just 18 per cent saying they approve of the job being done by the House and the Senate.
Republicans took another hit last month when they failed — for a second time this year — to pass an overhaul of the nation's health care law. GOP leaders tried to rush votes on the complicated legislation, leaving many voters unsure of what was in the package.
“They never seemed to present a bill to people that you could actually look at the details of and the pluses and minuses of it,” said Dennis Cronin, a 67-year-old independent from Wenham, Massachusetts.
The GOP failure on health care has irritated Trump, who promised voters that repealing “Obamacare” would be easy. Americans aren't happy with his progress on health care either; 68 per cent disapprove of his handling of the issue.
Of all the issues surveyed by the AP-NORC poll, the president performs slightly better on the economy. But even there, 56 per cent disapprove of the job he's doing and just 42 per cent say they approve.
On Friday, the Labor Department announced that the U.S. shed 33,000 jobs in September because of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, which closed thousands of businesses in Texas and Florida and forced widespread evacuations. It marked the first monthly hiring drop in nearly seven years.
Ninety-two per cent of Democrats and 69 per cent of independents says Trump understands the problems of people like them not very or not at all well. Even among Republicans, only 42 per cent say he understands them very well, while 32 per cent say he does moderately well.
The AP-NORC poll of 1,150 adults was conducted Sept. 28-Oct. 2 using a sample drawn from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 4.1 percentage points.
Respondents were first selected randomly using address-based sampling methods, and later interviewed online or by phone.
——
Online:
AP-NORC Center: http://www.apnorc.org/
——
Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC and Emily Swanson at http://twitter.com/el–swan
BellaNaija will be Having an Exclusive Interview with #InsecureHBO Star Yvonne Orji Today!
Nigerian-American Actress, Yvonne Orji is in Nigeria for the holiday and she's been having a fun time since her arrival last year. Orji, who stars as Molly in HBO's “Insecure” proceeded to her hometown to spend the holiday. BellaNaija‘s Adesola Ade-Unuigbe will be having an exclusive interview with the star today, and trust us, you don't […]
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Why it matters to you This incident is a sobering reminder that people risk their lives on film sets across America every day.
Most of the work that goes into producing movie magic takes place behind the scenes and — while stunt people are technically on camera quite a bit — their job is to make you forget that they are standing in for lead actors/actresses when the going gets tough. Their profession is difficult, thankless, and almost always dangerous. We got a tragic reminder of just how dangerous Monday morning, as a stuntwoman died on the set of 20th Century Fox's Deadpool 2.
The accident took place in Vancouver, Canada, where the production has been filming since June and local law enforcement has issued the following statement: “Vancouver Police can confirm that a female stunt driver has died on the set of Deadpool during a stunt on a motorcycle.”
According to Variety, a spokesperson for WorkSafeBC — a Canadian agency tasked with preventing occupational injury and disease — indicated that the organization has launched a long-term investigation and dispatched at least five officers to the scene.
The as-of-yet unnamed woman was reportedly treated by an Advanced Life Support ambulance, which arrived shortly after the accident and remained at the scene for 45 minutes before departing with its lights and sirens switched off.
For those unfamiliar with the Deadpool franchise, it follows a fast-talking, wise-cracking mercenary with amplified/accelerated healing powers and a score to settle. The first installment showcased plenty of high-wire action scenes and no doubt made liberal use of experienced stunt people. While everyone expected the sequel to deliver the same sort of thrills, such thrills cannot be delivered without the people who risk their lives on film sets every day.
Aside from the above, details are still scarce, but we will be sure to keep you updated as information becomes available.
A follow-up to the critically-acclaimed smash hit Deadpool, Deadpool 2 stars Ryan Reynolds (Deadpool), Morena Baccarin (Vanessa), and Stefan Kapicic (Colossus), along with newcomers Josh Brolin (Nathan Summers/Cable) and Zazie Beetz (Domino). The film is set to hit theaters on June 1, 2018, and you can check out the first teaser here. You can also get up to speed on the merry misadventures of the so-called “Merc with a Mouth” right here.
Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton faced a combative group of constituents at a town hall on Monday, taking heat from a room of people voicing their frustrations with what has been an eventful start to President Donald Trump's presidency.
The room erupted in boos when Cotton, flanked by Arkansas Rep. French Hill, repeated Trump's defense that the president will not release his taxes while under IRS audit.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Senator Cotton Defends Trump Not Releasing Taxes at Rowdy Town Hall 1:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"I'm wondering if you'll take the initiative to have him release those returns so we can see what kinds of connections he has with different countries around the world," one attendee asked.
"As far as I'm aware, the president said he's still under audit," Cotton said to jeers.
"It doesn't take a lot of effort to find out where Donald Trump has connections overseas, he normally has his names on buildings," Cotton added.
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 21, 2017
Republicans across the country have returned home this year to face town halls filled with Trump opponents eager to give members of Congress an earful. At one point during Monday's town hall in Little Rock the crowd erupted into a "lock him up chant" when discussing Trump's foreign policy.
One questioner referred to Congressional Republicans as "you two kindergarten kids up there."
Cotton is no stranger to rowdy town halls with constituents. He faced a similarly tough crowd in February as Republicans were crafting legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
At the time, Trump tweeted that the outrage has been "planned out by liberal activists."
2019 Presidency: Arewa Youths Urges Shekarau To Declare Intention
Northern group under the‎uspices of Arewa Youth Development Association (AYDA) an umbrella body of about 35 youth and community based association and organizations has called on former Governor of Kano State and one time presidential aspirant, Mallam Ibrahim Shekarau to declare his intentions to contest the 2019 presidential elections.
The youth group ‎who averred that Mallam Shekarau will be the man to beat in the next presidential election added that his records in all spheres of life which has been selfless, prudent, transparent and coupled with his abiding faith in Northern Nigeria and the Nigerian nation is a proof f his quintessential leadership qualities.
According to the group in a press issued and signed by it's National president Alhaji Imrran Nass and made available to newsmen in Kaduna‎ said, “after taking critical look at the calibre, profile and credentials of all the. Presidential hopeful that are likely to come out from the Northern region, Mallam. Ibrahim Shekarau (Sadauan Kano) has an impressive credential and his pedigree and antecedents spell goodness and progress to our beloved country.
“‎Arewa Youth Development Association, an unbrella body of about 35 youth and community based associations and organisations that are deeply rooted with at the grassroot wish to most sincerely and unequivocally call on His Excellency Mallam Ibrahim Shekarau the Saduana Kano to come out and declare his intension to contest for president come 2019.
“The youth believe that it is only the Sadauna Kano that will advocate and champion the cause for a generational change to bring about the emergence of a credible, detribalised, focused, agile, committed and visionary leader that can build our nation.
“We. Are calling on the family, friends, progressing forces and all genuine lovers of democracy to join hand with us towards achieving this. Noble and patriotic call in seeing that Malam Ibrahim Shekarau key into our call” the group stated.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Four soldiers with the Kentucky National Guard face charges in Calloway County after a sexual assault investigation.
According to Kentucky State Police, troopers were called to the Murray-Calloway County Hospital around 10 a.m. on Friday, June 3.
Investigators said the victim was given alcohol and was then sexually assaulted by four men.
Anthony Tubolino, 25, of Auburn, Ky.; charged with second degree rape, second degree sodomy, and third degree unlawful transaction with a minor
Tyler Hart, 19, of Bowling Green, Ky.; charged with first degree sexual abuse and second degree sodomy
Austin Dennis, 21, of Munfordville, Ky.; charged with second degree sodomy
Jacob Ruth, 22, of Munfordville, Ky.; charged with second degree sodomy.
All four men were reportedly in Calloway County in preparation for a weekend deployment.
Download the KFVS News app: iPhone | Android
Copyright 2017 KFVS. All rights reserved.
They said we were crazy.
Back in 2009, when we unveiled the Cisco Unified Computing System, industry pundits – namely our competitors in the server market – said we'd overreached in a technology arena we knew little about.
What we introduced was an innovative solution that unified compute, network, storage access, management and virtualization into one integrated platform designed to fundamentally eliminate complexity and increase business agility. We changed the game by engineering a high-performance, highly secure and flexible computing system, not just another server like everyone else.
Today, we are pleased to announce that we now have 60,000 active UCS customers. Starting from almost nothing just eight years ago, we've built a business that is now consistently ranked in the top-two in blade server shipments worldwide, nearly doubling the number of customers over the past three years alone.
Read the entire article here, 60,000 Cisco UCS Customers and Counting
via the fine folks at Cisco Systems.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A vibrant and colourful procession of angels, devils and fire skeletons paraded through the streets of Chester for the return of Winter Watch on Thursday (December 7).
The Winter Watch is inspired by ‘Setting the Watch' – a ceremony held at Christmas in the 1400s when Chester's early police force ‘the City Watch' were handed the keys of the city after processing around Chester to ensure it was secure.
Cllr Louise Gittins, cabinet member for communities and wellbeing, said: “Chester's popular parades are steeped in history and unique to our city, taking elements of the city's past, starting with the Romans (Saturnalia) and jumping forward to the 1400s (Midsummer Watch and Winter Watch).
Look at our gallery of pictures...
“The Winter Watch includes some characters from the Midsummer Watch parade who are joined by magical and festive characters including Ice Queens and Jack Frost.”
If you missed out on the fun, there is a second opportunity to watch the parade as it returns on December 14 to present a double bill with Chester's Roman Legion for their torch lit Saturnalia parade.
We are in the era of cloud computing. Many customers are rushing to accelerate their digital transformation. In the same time the cloud providers are getting better and better by the minute. Literally!
That leaves a lot of the IT leaders no choice but to think carefully about their strategies to move to the cloud. One of the things that is very popular now is containers.
In the context of digital transformation and cloud migration its appealing for the following reasons:
1- Provides an abstraction layer from the underlying infrastructure layer.
That gives organizations the flexibility of moving their workloads easily and host them in different infrastructure anytime whether it is on-premises or in the cloud. So, you are not locked-in to a specific cloud provider nor to your own on-premises datacenter.
2- Gives you the ability to optimize the usage of your infrastructure by increasing the density of your workloads
3- It's a great architecture for implement continuous integration, continuous deployment pipeline.
One of the great containers platforms out there is Docker. It's supported in Azure. You can deploy a Docker DC/OS container cluster leveraging the Azure Container Service.
You also have the option of Deploying the enterprise version of Docker that is available on the Marketplace.
Read the entire article here, Deploying Docker EE on Azure & solving common issues – It's getting cloudy!
via the fine folks at Microsoft
While acts of nature like hurricanes, floods, or earthquakes make the news, it doesn't take a natural disaster to lose everything.
Fire restoration contractors see about 5 to 7 losses everyday on average. And a phrase they often hear is "I didn't ever think this could ever possibly happen to me. I just cannot believe this happened."
And that is why there is insurance. But virtually, zero homeowners are prepared to make their insurance company pay.
Imagine if tomorrow morning you woke up to a disaster. Could you remember everything you had down to the last sock? Everything you forget is money you lose and your insurance company wins.
So here's the most important thing you can do today: Create a home inventory.
One way is to download free software specifically designed for the purpose. Another is to videotape your possessions while dictating price you paid and date you bought them. If nothing else, at least take pictures of your all your items and store them on the web.
You can do something really simple today that could save you a ton of stress and maybe money someday.It's worth the few minutes it takes to actually do.
More info and links to inventory apps can be found at the Money Talks News website. Just do a search for "Home Inventory."
© 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved.
Former commissioner Alex Patton named county veterans service officer
MATT CHAPMAN
Staff Writer
Alex Patton, a long-time Lincoln County commissioner, will be stepping into a new role within county government. County Manager Kelly Atkins announced on Thursday that Patton has been hired as the new veterans service officer for Lincoln County, effective Jan. 3.
“Alex has a true understanding and passion for veterans and members of the military,” Atkins said. “At times, he and his family volunteer their time and services to provide supplies to deployed marines. He has an exceptional customer service-oriented skill-set and a solid understanding of what is needed to assist our veterans. What impresses me the most about Mr. Patton is the level of attention with which he approaches every situation.”
Patton's tenure as a commissioner ended following the November election. He chose to not seek re-election.
Patton enters this new position with an extensive military background. He enlisted in the United States Army in 1980, serving four years on active duty, which included one year of service in Korea. He specialized in military intelligence, setting up radio and landline networks to facilitate combat field communications.
Following his four years of active-duty service, Patton remained involved with the military in a reserve role. He became the communications chief of an engineer battalion with the National Guard in Mooresville. He continued his work in tactical communications for 11 years before retiring from the service for good in 1995.
Patton referred to this new position as his “dream job” and said he applied for the post 10 years ago. He backed out at that time because he would have had to resign from the Lincoln County Board of Commissioners and he felt as though that would have been unfair to the citizens who had elected him for the first time two years prior.
“This job means everything to me,” Patton said. “I've always enjoyed helping people and, to me, there's no better group of people that I can help than veterans. My son is a combat veteran who served with the marines in Afghanistan and my father-in-law is a disabled veteran, so the lives of my family revolve around the military. My wife is a state coordinator for Operation Santa USMC and she has sent over 6,000 stockings to deployed marines over the past several years. I don't view this as a job, I view it as an opportunity to serve the veterans of this county.”
In this role, Patton will be responsible for providing customer service and assistance to all Lincoln County veterans and their families. According to Atkins, he will oversee the coordination and research of programs that will assist all areas of need for the veterans of Lincoln County.
“A lot of our Lincoln County veterans go to other counties for their services and I want them to understand that we're here to provide services for whatever it is that they need,” Patton said. “The job is to help them apply for VA benefits, but I want it to be to where if the veteran needs help with a resume, we can do that. If they need to find somebody to paint their house, we can help them with that. I want them to understand that, no matter what they need, they can come see us. I want to get out in the community as well because a lot of people aren't even aware that there is a veterans service officer out there to help. Finally, I want to build a relationship with active duty troops so that when they get off of active duty they know who to come and see.”
Patton is stepping in for Eric Robinson, who is retiring from the post. Veterans service officer is a full-time position with an annual salary of approximately $48,000.
Image courtesy of LTN File
Gay Atlanta's own J Tyler debuts full EP and chats with us about music from his heart.
By Mike Fleming
When local rapper J Tyler hits Hard Rock Café on Saturday, it may be his new CD's debut, but to those of us in gay Atlanta, it's certainly not our first introduction to the prolific performing artist.
Whether you've caught his performances at venues around town, caught wind of his music via gay Atlanta media, heard him backing other artists including LGBT Atlanta singer Alissah Brooks, or saw his viral videos, this out-and-proud young gay man has been turning heads and catching praise for a while now.
That's what makes the new EP Prelude, featuring original tracks that J Tyler tells David Atlanta come from his heart, so exciting: We go into it already loving him.
The cutie with the talent lands at Hard Rock for part celebration, part concert with performances by special guest artists James Shealy, Erick Nathan, and Shay. But not before he sits down with us to preview the show, the EP, and what makes our Atlanta guy tick.
How would you describe your music and your career up to this point?
I got my “start” by being a dumb kid just wanting to be a rapper. I started posting remixes on YouTube and got noticed by people like Chris Crocker, Detox from RuPaul's Drag Race, Perez Hilton and Ross Matthews. I gained momentum and started getting involved with my label, BSE. Now we're at the beginning of having my own music. It's exciting!
Who are your biggest influences and heroes?
In music, my first love was Shania Twain. Nobody would ever guess that, I don't think. (laughs.) After I got into rap, I took influence from how Missy Elliot changed the game. Then, it was Nicki Minaj.
In life, I would definitely say that my dad is my hero. He's such a country bumpkin, but he's always by my side, supporting me, no matter what.
How much, if any, has living in Atlanta influenced your work?
Oh wow. Yeah, I'm not the same little kid that moved to Atlanta, thinking I was going to be somebody fast. My experience in the city has humbled me so much. It really fueled the drive that I already had to go after what I love.
Do you think being gay makes a difference as an artist?
I'm not just some little gay kid, you know? I wish more people would see that. It's funny because I was just having this conversation with Adam Lambert. I sent him my EP to listen to, and we started talking about how being gay is what gives me edge. But if that's what gives me edge, then I'm not doing my job as an artist.
What can we expect from the debut EP?
I wanted to put something out that would tell somebody exactly who I am. Each song on Prelude tells a different story from my heart. I'm just having fun and sharing heartbreak over here, and I know people can relate to that.
Tell us about the first single.
My first single is called “Dance with Me.” It actually wasn't even supposed to be on the EP. I thought I was through with the album until my manager/producer, Ryan Snow, called me up and said he had a beat that he can't help but hear me on. He told me to listen and if I'm not feeling it, we'll be done.
After listening to it, I literally jumped right up and had an idea. I started writing immediately, then asked my label mate, James Shealy, to jump on the hook. We really made a summer anthem. If you tune in to Q100, you might hear this one playing!
If fans could walk away from the EP with one message, what would it be?
They will definitely understand me a lot more than they already do. You can only know so much about a person behind a computer, but if I can inspire at least one person with what I'm doing, then I can have all the validation in the world that I'm meant to do this. Prelude means so much to me.
What's next for you?
Oh, you think I'm gonna stop with just a drop of an EP?! You haven't seen the last of me. I'm featured on a couple of great Atlanta newcomers' albums coming out soon. I've already written my next few bops. I haven't been this involved in my music ever, and it's such an indescribable feeling.
What's your dream for the future?
Honestly, I've already reached my dream. I'm doing what I love. I wasn't saying I wanted to get rich by doing music as a kid. I said I wanted to do music, and that's what I'm doing. But like I said, my time is now.
Anything you'd like to say to gay Atlanta before your June 17 event?
Thank you. Just thank you. I've never been so grateful to have such support. I'm honored to be able to represent the LGBTQ community with my dream. This CD release concert is just the first of many shows like this.
But wouldn't it be cool to say you were there when? (laughs.)
Find out which channel every major sporting event is on TV this year, including full details from BBC, ITV, Sky Sports, BT Sport, Eurosport and more
Find out when and where every major sporting event in 2018 is on TV with RadioTimes.com's full guide to the year in sport.
Advertisement
From the 2018 World Cup to Wimbledon, England cricket to live rugby, athletics, cycling and more, we've listed when each event is taking place and which channel will be broadcasting it.
Check back regularly as we add more events to our guide to the best of BBC Sport, ITV, Sky Sports, BT Sport, Eurosport and more.
And with the likes of Amazon making waves in the sports rights market, it's always worth checking whether the event you want to watch is available – even if you're not a regular subscriber.
For major events such as the Fifa World Cup we will include separate guides to all the live fixtures on TV. Click the links below for more details.
May
27 May-10 June: French Open tennis – live on ITV and Eurosport
June
1-5 June: England v Pakistan cricket, second Test – live on Sky Sports
2 June: International football friendly: England v Nigeria – live on ITV
2 June: The Derby horse racing – live on ITV
2 June: Rugby union internationals: South Africa v Wales – live on Channel 4
7 June: International football friendly: England v Costa Rica – live on ITV
9 June: Boxing: Tyson Fury fight – live on BT Sport
9 June: Rugby union internationals: Australia v Ireland, South Africa v England, Canada v Scotland
10 June: International cricket: Scotland v England, ODI – live on Sky Sports
13 June: International cricket: England v Australia, first ODI – live on Sky Sports
14 June-15 July: 2018 Football World Cup in Russia – live on BBC and ITV, (Full fixtures here)
14-17 June: US Open golf – live on Sky Sports
18 June: World Cup 2018: England v Tunisia (England's first match) – live on BBC
18-24 June: Aegon Tennis Championships (Queen's) – live on BBC
19-23 June: Royal Ascot horse racing – live on ITV
July
2-15 July: Wimbledon 2018 tennis – live on BBC
4 July: T20 Blast cricket tournament starts – live on Sky Sports
7-29 July: Tour de France 2018 – live on ITV and Eurosport
8 July: Formula 1 British Grand Prix, Silverstone – live on Channel 4 and Sky Sports
14-15 July: World Cup Athletics London 2018 – live on BBC
15 July: World Cup final – live on BBC and ITV
19-22 July: The Open golf – live on Sky Sports
21-22 July: London Anniversary Games – live on BBC
21 July-5 August: Women's World Cup hockey – live on BT Sport
August
1-5 August: England v India Test cricket series starts (1st Test at Edgbaston) – live on Sky Sports
1-12 August: European Sports Championships – live on BBC
9-12 August: US PGA Championship golf – live on Sky Sports
11-12 August: 2018-2019 Premier League season starts – live on Sky Sports and BT Sport
25 August: Rugby league Challenge Cup final – live on BBC
27 August – 9 September: US Open tennis – live on Amazon Prime Video
September
15 September: T20 Blast Finals Day – live on Sky Sports
28-30 September: Ryder Cup golf – live on Sky Sports
October
10 October: Sri Lanka v England cricket, 1st ODI – live on Sky Sports
13 October: Super League Grand Final – live on Sky Sports
22-28 October: Tennis WTA Finals – live on BT Sport
27 November: Rugby league international: England v New Zealand
November
3 November: Rugby union Autumn internationals begin: England v South Africa; Wales v Scotland – live on Sky Sports and BBC
3-14 November: Women's World Twenty20 Cricket World Cup – live on Sky Sports
6 November: Sri Lanka v England cricket, 1st Test – live on Sky Sports
10 November: Rugby Autumn internationals: England v New Zealand – live on Sky Sports
12-18 November: Tennis ATP Finals – live on Sky Sports
23-25 November: Tennis Davis Cup final
27 November-9 December: Snooker UK Championship – live on BBC
Advertisement
28 November-16 December: Hockey Men's World Cup – live on BT Sport
ALLEN PARK, Mich. — The Detroit Lions have re-signed defensive tackle Christian Ringo.
Detroit made the move Monday, addressing a need by adding depth on the defensive line. Ringo has five career tackles and has forced one fumble.
He played in six games for the Lions last season.
Ringo was a reserve in eight games in 2016 with Green Bay. The Packers drafted the former Louisiana-Lafayette standout in the sixth round in 2015.
——
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) No one is harder on David Johnson than David Johnson .
And the Arizona Cardinals' standout young running back, who made the All-Pro first team in the new ”flex” position last season, says he's healthy and happy that the first day of the team's organized conditioning began Monday.
”I couldn't wait for this day to come,” he said, ”especially with the injury. I want to come back and show that I'm 100 percent and train with these guys.”
Johnson went down with a left knee injury early in the team's season finale against the Rams in Los Angeles. It looked very bad. So Johnson – and the Cardinals organization and fans – were greatly relieved he didn't need surgery, just rehabilitation. Now, he says he's completely healthy.
”I'm doing everything, doing the running, doing the squatting,” he said. ”I've been doing that since I was cleared a couple of weeks ago.”
Johnson said he blames himself for contributing to the team's disappointing 7-8-1 record because of ”things I messed up on.”
There certainly are plenty of things he did right, finishing with an NFL leading 2,118 yards from scrimmage – 1,239 yards rushing and 879 yards receiving.
In just his second NFL season, Johnson set a league record with at least 100 yards from scrimmage in the first 15 games. Only the injury ended that streak.
Still, he dwells on his mistakes.
”Basically, I can get better in all aspects,” he said, ”but mainly I want to get better at the pass protection. I definitely missed a lot of blocks and missed a lot of linebackers and hurt Carson (Palmer), got him sacked or rush the throw.”
Nobody will have to force Johnson into the weight room, where the Cardinals were Monday.
”I love working out,” he said. ”I love training. Lifting coaches always give me a hard time, telling me that I actually need to stop training some days and rest, and it's tough for me.”
Johnson has been lifting weights a long time.
”I was super young,” he said. ”I started in middle school, seventh grade. It's always been part of me ever since then, just because I'm so good in the weight room. I'm actually stronger than most people.”
Johnson became a father for the first time during the offseason when his wife Meghan gave birth to David Johnson Jr. on Jan. 13. It's evident how proud he is by the many photos of his son that he shows on Twitter.
Meghan is one of Johnson's critics, too.
”She's the one telling me I had a fumble or missed some catches,” Johnson said. ”She started learning football, so now she's able to talk to me about plays that I messed up and we talk about it all the time.”
He said his wife is his biggest supporter ”but she knows me. I'm always trying to see what I messed up on and she'll let me know.”
Johnson, who wasn't drafted until the third round out of Northern Iowa in 2015, knows he will be the No. 1 pick in a lot of fantasy football leagues this coming season. He rushed for 16 touchdowns last season, second only to LeGarrette Blount's 18, and caught four TD passes.
Johnson has 33 touchdowns in his first 32 NFL games.
”I think I've been getting fantasy football talk the whole time ever since my rookie year,” he said. ”That's probably the first people talk to me about is fantasy football, and that's probably the last thing people talk to me about is fantasy football, how they're going to take me No. 1 or how I can help out their team.”
Fantasy players take note: Coach Bruce Arians said at the NFL owners meetings last month he'd like to get Johnson 30 touches a game and that he's ”too young to overuse.”
The 25-year-old running back has said he he's ready to take on that load.
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
The U.N. human rights chief says North Korea's leadership has cracked down on human rights by further restricting movements and making “horrific” prison conditions more severe amid tensions over its nuclear and missile tests.
Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein told the Security Council Monday that a chronic lack of food, partly due to resources which are diverted to the military, has made humanitarian aid provided by the U.N. and others “literally a lifeline for some 13 million acutely vulnerable individuals.”
He urged the council to assess the human rights impact of sanctions that have slowed aid deliveries and minimize the humanitarian consequences.
Zeid also criticized China for returning North Koreans who escape from their country, saying they “are routinely subjected to multiple forms of torture and ill-treatment.”
Conference USA
In a match-up between C-USA preseason favorites, defending tournament champion Middle Tennessee earned a 60-49 win over defending regular-season champ UAB in one of three C-USA New Year's Day match-ups.
Senior Reggie Upshaw led the Blue Raiders with a career-high 34 points and grabbed nine rebounds, as well as being a key to a strong defensive effort. Louisiana Tech picked up 79-55 road victory in its conference opener at Southern Miss, while UTSA stayed perfect on its home court this season following a 67-55 win over UTEP.
Eight C-USA teams are back in action Monday after opening conference play on Dec. 31.
Standings/Results [PDF]
Statistics [PDF]
SUNDAY'S RESULTS
at Middle Tennessee 60, UAB 49
Louisiana Tech 79, at Southern Miss 55
at UTSA 67, UTEP 55
SHOOTING STARS
Middle Tennessee 60, UAB 49: Middle Tennessee senior Reggie Upshaw (Chattanooga, Tenn.) poured in a career-high 34 points as the Blue Raiders knocked off UAB, 60-49, in the conference opener for both teams. Upshaw nailed four three-pointers and went 8-of-11 at the free throw line on the evening to become just the 13th player in C-USA history to score 1,250 career points and 750 rebounds.
MT improved to 11-3 overall on the season by limiting the Blazers to its lowest point production since Nov. 2014. The Blue Raiders, who claimed the 2016 C-USA championship title, ranked second in the C-USA preseason poll behind defending regular-season champ UAB. Senior Tosin Mehinti (Lithonia, Ga.) led the Blazers with 11 points off the bench.
Quotable: "We talked about staying connected and playing for each other, and I thought tonight we did. I thought we took them (UAB) out of rhythm and went real fundamental tonight. It was our best defensive effort." – Middle Tennessee head coach Kermit Davis
"We talked about staying connected and playing for each other, and I thought tonight we did. I thought we took them (UAB) out of rhythm and went real fundamental tonight. It was our best defensive effort." – Middle Tennessee head coach Quotable: "I came in earlier before shoot around started and got some shots on my own. I guess that's where it came from. It was all about the rhythm. It started on the defensive end once I got that first defensive rebound, and it trickled over to the offensive end. It was a team effort tonight. It's always great to start 1-0 in the league." – Middle Tennessee senior forward Reggie Upshaw on his offensive performance
Louisiana Tech 79, Southern Miss 55: Senior F Erik McCree (Orlando, Fla.) registered his conference-best seventh double-double of the season with 10 points and a game-high 13 rebounds in a 79-55 road win at Southern Miss. Junior Jacobi Boykins (St. Petersburg, Fla.) and sophomore G Derric Jean (Miami, Fla.) tossed in 18 points apiece. It was the Bulldogs' first true road win of the season. Quinton Campbell (Wilmer, Ala.) paced Southern Miss with 16 points, while sophomore Cortez Edwards (Kissimmee, Fla.) was credited with a career-best seven assists.
Quotable: "I thought both teams played hard. From a defensive standpoint we were happy (in the first half). From an offensive standpoint we had so many shots at the rim and so many shots that rimmed out …Give Southern Miss credit. They changed up defenses…We made some adjustments at halftime, got our composure in locker room and came out in second half ready to go.” – LA Tech head coach Erik Konkol
UTSA 67, UTEP 55: UTSA used a 12-2 second half run to pull away and extend its home winning streak to seven games (6-0 this season) with a 67-55 victory over UTEP. Senior Nick Billingsley (Omaha, Neb.) came off the bench to score 17 points for the Roadrunners, who have won four of their last five and surpassed last season's win total.
Billingsley made a pair of 3-pointers and was a perfect 9-for-9 at the free-throw line. Classmate Lucas O'Brien (Chandler, Ariz.) joined him in double figures with a season-high 13 points, while junior Gino Littles (Phoenix, Ariz.) added 11. The Roadrunners also held their fourth opponent to fewer than 60 points, after doing so just once all of last season. UTEP senior Dominic Artis (San Francisco, Calif.) paced the Miners with a game-high 18 points
C-USA UPCOMING SCHEDULE
(All times Central)
Mon., January 2
North Texas at Old Dominion (CUSA.tv) - 4:00p
Rice at Charlotte (ESPN3) - 6:00p
WKU at FIU (FCS) - 6:00p
Marshall at Florida Atlantic (CUSA.tv) - 6:00p
Thu., January 5
Old Dominion at Marshall (CUSA.tv) - 6:00p
UTEP at Louisiana Tech (Campus Insiders) - 6:30p
Charlotte at WKU (FCS) - 7:00p
Middle Tennessee at Rice (beIN) - 7:00p
UTSA at Southern Miss (CUSA.tv) - 7:00p
UAB at North Texas (CUSA.tv) - 7:00p
Sat., January 7
FIU at Florida Atlantic (ASN) - 1:00p
Middle Tennessee at North Texas (CUSA.tv) - 2:00p
UTEP at Southern Miss (CUSA.tv) - 4:00p
Old Dominion at WKU (ASN) - 5:00p
Charlotte at Marshall (CUSA.tv) - 6:00p
UTSA at Louisiana Tech (CUSA.tv) - 6:00p
UAB at Rice (CUSA.tv) - 7:00p
Conference games in BOLD.
FOLLOW US, LIKE US
Fans can follow C-USA online on Twitter @Conference_USA or @CUSAMBK, with the hashtag #CUSAMBK or #AllDayCUSA, on Facebook and Instagram.
2016-17 C-USA Men's Basketball Fact Book
More information on your favorite team can also be found on the school web sites:
It's Groundhog Day, and that reminds us that it's also the 25th anniversary of the Bill Murray movie of the same name. If you missed that classic film, Murray plays a weatherman assigned to cover the Groundhog Day festivities in Punxsutawney, PA. Through some kind of magical time warp, he gets stuck repeating the same day over and over again.
In honor of the holiday and the film anniversary, here are our top 10 recipes on perpetual repeat. We never get tired of these dishes, and make them over and over and over …. we hope you will add some of them to your cooking routine.
HUBER HEIGHTS — The following arrests were made by the Huber Heights Police Department. All individuals charged are presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.
Note: All persons listed in the police reports have been charged with the crime shown. Listing here is not indicative of custodial arrest. Source-Huber Heights Police Division.
March 1
Chante E. Dunlap, possession of marijuana
March 2
Douglas J. Davidson, felony warrant arrest
Zachery A. Flippo, warrant arrest
Nathaniel B. Whipp, warrant arrest
Reginald D. Fagan, carrying concealed weapon
March 3
Jordan C. Marlow, possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia
Joshua A. Burrow, OVI
Kimberly D. Miniard, theft without consent
Mary S. Disantis, felony theft by deception
Jason K. Nordyke, felony theft by deception
March 4
Danny L. Roush, warrant arrest
March 5
Sean S. Wyne, warrant arrest
Richard L. Brown, theft
March 6
Terry L. Collis, felony safecracking, felony theft
Ashley N. Martin, OVI
John L. Burke, obstructing official business
Phillip A. Turner, warrant arrest (2)
Anthony J. Smith, warrant arrest
Twyshawn L. Justice, felony warrant arrest
March 7
Lawrence J. Harris, Jr., felony warrant arrest, possession of marijuana
http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/03/web1_police-logo-1.jpg
Compiled by Darrell Wacker dwacker@AIMMediaMidwest.com
To contact the Huber Heights Police Division, call 233-1565.
To contact the Huber Heights Police Division, call 233-1565.
Our traveling chef samples one of the world's most controversial dishes
Laying back on a bamboo mat, I stare out at the dreamlike reflection our bamboo hut makes on the rippled surface of Thailand's Huay Tung Thao Lake. The shoreline of the lake is dotted with a dozen or more of these open-air huts, jutting out just above the water to create the illusion you are effortlessly floating on the surface.
Before the morning dew has dried, flirtatious Thai couples and excited families from Chaing Mai and surrounding villages begin to set up makeshift bars and picnic spreads on the squat-legged bamboo tables centered in each hut.
These bamboo cabanas are available to anyone, as long as you order food from the open-air restaurant nearby. Papaya salad, grilled fish and chicken, fried rice and noodles are all part of the standard menu along with standard social lubricants like Chang beer and Thai whiskey by the bottle.
Throughout the day, vendors will casually circle the lake's edge selling fresh fruit, pickles and insects out of colorful baskets for those moments when you're craving a handful of stir fried silkworms and pickled carrots to wash down your cold beer.
But there is a dish included on the menu, with no fanfare or warning, that's known as one of the world's more controversial dishes—Yum Goong Ten, or “Dancing Shrimp.” The shrimp aren't dancing because they are getting lit at the club or because they are preparing to destroy the very concept of their dignity on DWTS. These decapods are dancing la danza de la muerte or as the prophet Bruce Dickinson calls it, “The Dance of Death” because they are about to be eaten alive.
This delightfully delicious, yet terrifyingly macabre salad is made by mixing tiny freshwater shrimp with seasonings, ground roasted chilies, cilantro, fish sauce, and a bit of onion. Lime juice is then squeezed all over the top just before a lid is quickly placed on the container and served with various greens and herbs like basil and water spinach.
Why the lid? Because the moment lime juice hits the shrimp, they begin to jump for dear life, banging against the sides of the container and generally freaking out in search of freedom from certain death inside your gaping maw. Once you've come to terms with your own willingness to place a still living creature in your mouth and chew, you grab a leaf of basil or water spinach, carefully lift the lid just a little, snatch some shrimp from their writhing, death-orgy mosh pit and shovel them in.
Once you manage to get the lively little critters into your mouth, you'll feel a tiny tickle from their legs and antennae as the nightmare in Bikini Bottom continues on your tongue. The sensation and texture of goong ten is unique, but then the taste hits you.
Like most Thai salads, there is a complex, but balanced, mix of salty, sour, and spicy—but the incredible taste puts you into a state of flavor overload. Each individual shrimp delivers a mild burst of saltiness on your tongue, complimented by the light crunchiness of their thin shells, the contrasting flavors of the herbs, and the heat of Northern Thai dried chilies for a taste that is truly remarkable. It's like the best ceviche you've ever had with an added crunch.
Although some consider this dish barbaric, to some Thai Buddhists the eater becomes the vehicle through which the spirit of the shrimp carries on in the world. It is said that “energy never dies; it is only transformed,” and because animal and vegetable must die in order that we may live, we strive to be worthy to carry on the spirit that has sacrificed its life for our nourishment at every meal.
Don't be squeamish. Don't be afraid. Just eat and don't look them in the eyes.
How To Make Yum Goong Ten
Ingredients
1 cup small, live, freshwater shrimp
5 cloves garlic, sliced
2 stalks lemongrass sliced thin
2 tsp dried chilies, chopped
3 tbsp fresh lemon juice
2 tbsp fish sauce
2 tbsp sliced scallion
1/2 cup mint
1 tbsp chopped cilantro
2 tbsp sliced red onion
1 bunch of basil and water spinach to serve
Directions
Wash freshwater shrimp very well. Mix garlic, lemongrass, dried chilies, lemon juice, and fish sauce together. Add scallion, mint, cilantro and red onion to the mixed sauce. Place freshwater shrimp in a big bowl with a tight lid, add the sauce, quickly seal with the lid and shake to mix well. Serve with fresh basil or water spinach.
Mike McJunkin is a native Chattanoogan currently living abroad who has trained chefs, owned and operated restaurants. Join him on Facebook at facebook.com/SushiAndBiscuits
TOKYO (AP) — Japan's parliament has approved a contentious bill that makes it a crime to plan a crime.
The ruling coalition pushed the conspiracy legislation through the upper house Thursday, bypassing committee approval that normally precedes a vote by the full house. The more powerful lower house passed the bill last month.
The law criminalizes the planning of 277 serious crimes. The government of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe says it is needed to prevent terrorism, especially with the Olympics coming to Tokyo in 2020.
A sizeable crowd protested outside parliament Wednesday. Opponents warn that authorities could use the legislation to limit free speech and public protests.
The U.N. special rapporteur on the right to privacy sent an open letter to Abe raising concerns over the bill.
Dangote will become the largest world exporter of rice In 2021- Adesina
The President, African Development Bank (AfDB), Mr Akinwumi Adesina, says Africa's richest man, Aliko Dangote, will become the largest exporter of rice in the world by 2021. Adesina said this at the Mo Ibrahim Forum in Morocco over the weekend. He said Africa should focus on agriculture to drive growth and employment on the continent.…
The post Dangote will become the largest world exporter of rice In 2021- Adesina appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Siliguri: The Darjeeling Terai Dooars Plantation Workers Union, allegiant to the Binay Tamang camp of Gorkha Janmukti Morcha, has decided to take up issues like payment of outstanding bonus and wages during the 104-day shutdown and absenteeism among workers.
The plan, sources said, is to prevent Bimal Gurung from trying to revive his support base in the brew belt. Ever since the Morcha leader has gone into hiding, he has raised issues pertaining to tea workers in his audio clips.
“We have received a letter from the state labour department that a meeting will be held at Uttarkanya on December 22 on wage revision. At the meeting, we will demand that the planters clear bonus and pay wages for the period of shutdown,” Karuna Gurung, the president of the Morcha union, said on Sunday.
It was only recently that she has been put in the post by Binay Tamang. Changes were also made in some other posts of the trade union, considered as the largest frontal organisation of the Morcha in terms of support base.
An official of the state labour department appreciated the trade union's decision to attend the talks but at the same time said planters were unhappy over poor attendance of workers in some tea gardens.
“It is because of absenteeism that some gardens are finding it tough to run. The trade union of the Morcha has absolute clout over the tea workers in the hills. It can always pick up workers' issues but it should also take up the issue of absenteeism and ensure that workers turn up to help the industry get out of the crisis,” the official said.
Karuna said the Morcha had already held talks with workers and were asking them to join their jobs. “But in some gardens, non-payment of a portion of bonus and no decision on wages for four months of the agitation are discouraging workers,” she said.
[Via: The Telegraph]
387 total views, 9 views today
Comments
comments
The Internet have released details about their forthcoming album Hive Mind along with a single from it entitled “Come Over.” The new song is a slower neo-soul influenced record about hooking up that is perfectly bubbly and non-threatening. It follows the recently released single. “Roll (Burbank Funk). The band also announced that Hive Mind will be out July 20th.
The album the follow up to 2015's Ego Trip, and is written and produced entirely by the band. “After making a few songs we realized that we really want to use this album to live by example and promote camaraderie amongst young black people,” band leader Syd said in a press release. “We realized that we're the only band of our kind. And we want to really solidify ourselves as that, as the best.” The Internet is also spending the summer on a European and US tour. Check out the song and tour dates below.
The Internet Tour Dates:
6/1/18 – Barcelona, Spain @ Primavera Festival
6/3/18 – Paris, France @ We Love Green
6/5/18 – Cologne, Germany @ Gloria
6/6/18 – Hamburg, Germany @ Uebel&Gefahrlich
6/9/18 – Hilvarenbeek, Netherlands @ Best Kept Secret Festival
6/10/18 – Manchester, UK @ Parklife Festival
7/13-14/18 – London, UK @ Lovebox
7/13-15/18 – Grafenhainichen, Germany @ Melt Festival
7/13/-15/18 – Dublin, Ireland @ Longitude
7/20/18 – Chicago, IL @ Pitchfork Festival (SYD SOLO SET)
8/10-13/18 – San Francisco, CA @ Outside Lands
8/25-25/18 – Brooklyn, NY @ Afropunk
10/13-14/18 – Atlanta, GA @ Afropunk
By Abby Hassler
It's hard to forget images of Jaden Smith wearing a white batman suit as a guest Kanye West and Kim Kardashian's wedding back in 2015.
Now fans don't have to forget, as Smith broke out the iconic suit once again for his latest music video “Batman.”
Related: Will Smith Cuts off Son Jaden's Dreadlocks
Directed by Moises Arias and produced by Omarr Rambert, the video features Smith as Bruce Wayne-type character who dons his infamous white suit.
At one point in the video, Smith faces off against a man in a traditional black-and-yellow Batman suit and gets put in a headlock by a man dressed as Superman. This is certainly one music video Smith fans don't want to miss out on.
Watch “Batman” below.
BERLIN — Bayern Munich continued its march to a record-extending sixth consecutive Bundesliga title by beating Mainz 2-0 on Saturday.
Second-placed Bayer Leverkusen was held at Freiburg to 0-0, and Schalke lost at home to relegation-threatened Werder Bremen 2-1, as Bayern increased its already commanding lead to 18 points with 13 games remaining.
“With the large gap and other teams' lack of consistency it really would be a small miracle if we were to let it get exciting again,” Bayern defender Mats Hummels said.
Franck Ribery scored with Bayern's first effort on goal after a half-hour when Mats Hummels and Sandro Wagner made way to allow his volley from a half-cleared corner fly inside the post.
The French winger was mobbed by teammates in celebration. Ribery's contract with Bayern is up at the end of the season.
James Rodriguez made it 2-0 before the break, taking Corentin Tolisso's cross on his chest and sending the ball inside the right post with another volley.
Another victory ensured Bayern coach Jupp Heynckes improved his record to 18 wins in 19 games across all competitions since returning for a fourth stint in charge in October.
“The win is deserved. But Mainz fought well and put us under pressure at times after the break, and we were too careless in attack,” said Heynckes, who again before the game ruled out extending his contract beyond the end of the season.
SCHALKE STUNNED
Zlatko Junuzovic scored in the third minute of injury time to stun Schalke and boost Bremen's chances of avoiding the drop.
A mistake from Bremen ‘keeper Jiri Pavlenka gifted Schalke a 24th-minute lead when he failed to hold onto Yevhen Konoplyanka's centrally placed shot. Pavlenka let the ball slip through his fingers.
However, Schalke ‘keeper Ralf Faehrmann reciprocated by letting Ludwig Augustinsson's harmless free kick rebound forward for the lurking Max Kruse to equalize with 10 minutes remaining.
Schalke's Matija Nastasic had just been sent off for his second yellow card.
Then Junuzovic's late strike dropped Schalke to fifth and lifted Bremen out of the relegation zone on goal difference from Mainz.
LUCKY LOOKMAN
Ademola Lookman scored on his debut for Leipzig to snatch a late 1-0 win at Borussia Moenchengladbach.
Lookman, who joined Leipzig on loan from Everton on Wednesday, came on with just over 10 minutes remaining and the 20-year-old English midfielder scored with a low shot inside the far corner in the 89th after Naby Keita played him through.
Lars Stindl almost equalized in a heated finale but Leipzig held on to go third, behind Leverkusen on goal difference.
GOMEZ SCORES ON RETURN
Mario Gomez scored on his return to Wolfsburg to earn Stuttgart a 1-1 draw in Tayfun Korkut's debut as coach.
Wolfsburg's Divock Origi got Korkut off to a bad start when he let fly with a curling shot inside the far post, but Gomez equalized in the second half.
“I'd exchange the goal for three points,” the Germany forward said.
Korkut was appointed on Monday after Stuttgart parted company with Hannes Wolf following six defeats in seven league games. Wolf led the side to promotion last season and Korkut received a cool reception from the Stuttgart fans.
Hertha Berlin came from behind to draw with visiting Hoffenheim 1-1.
Six people were confirmed dead in a massive fire that engulfed a London tower block before dawn on Wednesday and the number is expected to rise, police said.
“I can confirm six fatalities at this time but this figure is likely to rise during what will be a complex recovery operation over a number of days,” police commander Stuart Cundy said in a statement.
(AP Photo/Elaine Thompson, File). FILE - In this April 7, 2017, file photo, Seattle Mayor Ed Murray reads a statement to media members in Seattle after a lawsuit was filed that accused Murray of sexually molesting a teenage high-school dropout in the 1...
By MARTHA BELLISLEAssociated Press
SEATTLE (AP) - A man who accused Seattle Mayor Ed Murray of sexually abusing him when he was a teenager has asked a court to dismiss the lawsuit he filed against the mayor.
"Delvonn Heckard is only delaying his lawsuit until the mayor is out of power," his lawyer, Lincoln Beauregard, said Wednesday on Twitter.
In a motion filed Tuesday, Beauregard said Heckard feels it would be wise to complete his extensive counseling and recovery before moving forward with the case.
He said in the motion that Heckard determined it would be better for the success of the case and the citizens of Seattle if it went forward after Murray was out of office next year.
In an email to The Associated Press Wednesday, the lawyer said, "we look forward to winning."
Murray, who has denied the allegation, dropped his re-election bid because of the lawsuit that claimed he paid Heckard for sex in the 1980s.
A spokesman for Murray didn't immediately respond to a request Wednesday for comment.
Murray has said it was better for the city if he didn't run for a second term.
His lawyers, Malaika Eaton and Robert Sulkin, filed a motion on May 24 saying the lawsuit should be dismissed.
They argued that Heckard had failed to state a legitimate claim and that his sex-abuse claims are barred by Washington's statute of limitations. They also said Murray should be reimbursed for legal costs.
Heckard's lawsuit, filed in April, claims Murray paid Heckard, now a 46-year-old suburban Seattle man, for sex three decades ago.
Two other men claimed in interviews with The Seattle Times that Murray abused them in the 1980s when they lived in an Oregon center for troubled children. They were not part of the Heckard lawsuit.
The suit was filed as Murray became a high-profile critic of President Donald Trump. At the time, Murray spokesman Jeff Reading said the case was politically motivated and timed to derail the mayor's re-election bid.
Beauregard's motion claims Murray's lawyers and his former campaign team "have successfully tainted the jury pool with false information about the accusers." A judge previously rejected Beauregard's request to move the trial out of the city.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are a victim of sex abuse, but Heckard has said he wanted his name made public.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Napoli have received an official bid from Manchester City for midfielder Jorginho, according to the player's agent.
The Italy international has been heavily tipped to join the Premier League champions in the transfer window, although Liverpool, Arsenal and Chelsea are said to be providing competition.
A report from Calcio Napoli 24 on Wednesday claimed City have agreed a deal with the 26-year-old that could cost the club as much as €50million.
Joao Santos claims an offer has been made to Napoli and admits it would be hard to turn down City's advances.
"I know an offer to Napoli has arrived from Manchester City," he told Tuttomercatoweb. "We're waiting for their response. I don't think they have rejected offers.
"If Napoli find an agreement with City, we will assess everything.
"Obviously, Manchester City would be very welcome, an opportunity not to be turned down. The coach is one of the best in Europe."
Jorginho has established himself as one of Serie A's finest midfielders since signing from Verona in 2014.
He made 33 Serie A appearances in 2017-18, scoring twice.
Some British lawmakers have given Asma Assad an ultimatum: Stop supporting your husband's “murderous” regime or risk losing your U.K. citizenship.
Syria's British-born first lady has come under fire for using social media to prop up Bashar Assad's regime, as the U.S. and its allies accuse the Syrian dictator of using chemical weapons on his own people in an April 4 attack.
Members of Britain's Liberal Democrats party sent a letter Sunday to the Home Office calling for Asma's citizenship to be revoked, according to The Telegraph, which obtained a copy of the letter.
“If Asma continues defending the Assad regime's murderous actions, the onus will be on the UK Government to deprive her of her citizenship or demonstrate that her actions are not seriously prejudicial to the vital interests of the United Kingdom,” the letter read.
The party is also calling for a debate in the House of Commons this week, as members of Parliament return to work following the Easter recess.
Tom Brake, the party's foreign affairs spokesman, told the newspaper, “…the British Government could say to Asma al-Assad: ‘Either stop using your position to defend barbaric acts or be stripped of your citizenship.'”
In an interview with the Times of London, Nadhim Zahawi, a conservative member of Parliament who sits on the Commons foreign affairs committee, echoed Brake's sentiments, saying: “The time has come where we go after Assad in every which way, including people like Mrs. Assad, who is very much part of the propaganda machine that is committing war crimes.”
Amber Rudd, the U.K. Home Secretary, has the power to revoke Asma's citizenship under the British Nationality Act if she decides such a move would be “conducive to the public good,” the Telegraph reported. Asma Assad, 41, is a British-Syrian dual citizen who grew up in London.
On April 4, warplanes dropped a chemical nerve agent over the rebel-held town of Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib province, killing at least 80 people, according to U.S. intelligence. Shocking footage of the aftermath shows civilians — many of them children – convulsing and foaming at the mouth from what U.S. authorities said was exposure to sarin gas.
Two days later, the U.S. carried out its first direct military action against the regime, launching 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles at Shayrat airfield base from which U.S. officials believe the chemical attack had been launched.
On Thursday, Assad called the April 4 chemical attack in Syria a “fabrication” by the U.S. and its western allies. His comments to French news agency AFP came a week after his wife issued a statement of her own.
“The presidency of the Syrian Arab Republic affirms that what America has done is an irresponsible act that only reflects a short-sightedness, a narrow horizon, a political and military blindness to reality, and a naive pursuit of a frenzied false propaganda campaign that fueled the regime's arrogance,” she wrote in Arabic on an Instagram account bearing her name.
Asma's social media posts have depicted her as a humanitarian, adorned with photos of the first lady reading to children and embracing the family of a Syrian who was killed in the nation's civil war – all with the affectionate hashtag #WeLoveYouAsma.
The photos are a stark contrast to the ones on news channels showing Syrian children lying dead in the streets after choking on poison gas that the U.S. and its allies said was unleashed by her dictator husband.
Nigeria regains position as Africa's largest oil exporter
Forcados exports resumed at the end of May after a nearly complete shutdown since February 2016.
The post Nigeria regains position as Africa's largest oil exporter appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ERWIN, TN (WJHL) – A home in Erwin, TN has been destroyed by fire. The Erwin Fire Department, Erwin Police Department and MedicOne EMS all to a house fire on North Elm Avenue on Monday afternoon.
Firefighters said when they arrived on the scene the house was fully-involved in flames.
Firefighters say no one was in the home at the time and no one was injured. The cause of the fire remains under investigation.
LONDON — The regional blockade on Qatar poses “no risk” to the 2022 World Cup going ahead, the tournament head said on Friday, maintaining that logistical obstacles are being overcome and building work is continuing with only “minimal” cost increases.
The energy-rich nation's land border and its air and sea routes have been closed off for four months since Bahrain, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates launched an economic boycott. It has forced World Cup organizers to find alternative sources for materials to complete the eight venues being used by the region's first major soccer tournament.
“We have come under criticism and attack over the years, but we have always faced our critics,” Qatar World Cup supreme committee secretary general Hassan Al Thawadi told The Associated Press. “Our projects are going ahead as scheduled. This (blockade) is no risk in relation to the hosting of the World Cup.”
The diplomatic crisis that has torn apart the Gulf Cooperation Council stems from allegations Qatar supports for extremist groups in the region, charges denied by Doha.
When Qatar's sole land border with Saudi Arabia was closed and sea traffic cut off, World Cup organizers were forced to instigate their “Plan B.” They express confidence FIFA is not exploring a “Plan B” of its own for an alternate 2022 host.
“Every project has contingency plans and we have had contingency plans in place from the very start,” Al Thawadi said in an interview during a visit to London to attend an exhibition by the Doha-based Aspire sports academy. “Once the blockade came into play we contacted the main contractors, we put in place alternative supply chains, we sourced alternative materials from alternate suppliers. I'm very happy to say that our project scale is on time and there is no significant impact on our projects.
“As of today we haven't seen a significant impact on the cost. There might have been some minimal increase in terms of establishing alternative supply chains but these have been absorbed very, very quickly and been normalized as these supply chains have been put in place.”
——
More AP World Cup coverage: http://www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Rob Harris is at http://www.twitter.com/RobHarris and http://www.facebook.com/RobHarrisReports
Protests in Benue as herdsmen kill two Catholic priests, 17 others inside church – The Punch
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Iceland's ‘Big Bitcoin Heist' Suspect Has Been Arrested
Iceland's alleged bitcoin mining computer thief Sindri Thor Stefansson, who escaped from prison last week, was arrested in Amsterdam Monday.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's third child will be here in a matter of weeks, and in preparation for the latest addition to their family, Will and Kate did what any modern parents would do: They launched their baby's internet presence.
Over the weekend, a new page was added to the royal website about the future prince or princess. Right now, royal.uk/baby provides limited information, just an official tweet confirming Kate's pregnancy and the following text: "Updates will be posted on this page and on @KensingtonRoyal's Twitter account as they become available."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are delighted to confirm they are expecting a baby in April 2018. pic.twitter.com/jOzB1TJMof — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) October 17, 2017
It will likely be updated once the Duchess of Cambridge goes into labor, and again when the baby is born.
While it had previously been rumored that Kate, who is due in April, was considering a home birth, it was recently reported that she will be delivering her third child in the Lindo Wing at St. Mary's Paddington Hospital in London, where both Prince George and Princess Charlotte were born. Whether this child is male or female, it will be fifth in line to the throne, bumping Prince Harry (and everyone who follows him) down a spot.
The gunman who opened fire at a Republican baseball practice match in Virginia state on Wednesday, injuring a key US Republican politician and multiple congressional aides, has been identified. President Donald Trump said the gunman had been killed.
James Hodgkinson, 66, a resident of Belleville in Illinois, has been identified as the shooter by federal law enforcement sources, CNN reported.
Hodgkinson's Facebook page is largely political, his profile picture is a caricature of Bernie Sanders as Uncle Sam, while his feed is filled with anti-Trump sentiments such as “Trump is guilty and should go to prison for treason”.
He also “liked” a political cartoon that suggested House of Representatives majority whip Steve Scalise should be fired.
According to both congressional and law enforcement sources, the shooting appears to be a “deliberate attack”.
“It's too early to tell whether the shooting was an act of terrorism or whether members of Congress were specifically targeted,” FBI special agent Tim Slater told reporters at a Wednesday morning news conference.
Meanwhile, security has been tightened at the Capitol Hill and regular proceedings were cancelled or postponed.
Scalise, 51, was shot in the hip. He was undergoing surgery at a hospital and was in stable condition.
Representative Mo Brooks told CNN that “at least five” persons were injured in the shooting, including two law enforcement officers and a congressional aide.
Capitol Police said officers who were part of Scalise's security detail returned fire and wounded the shooter, who was taken into custody.
President Donald Trump said on Twitter that “Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.”
“We are deeply saddened by this tragedy. Our thoughts and prayers are with the members of Congress, their staffs, Capitol Police, first responders, and all others affected,” he said.
In a statement, Texas Rep. Roger Williams, one of the team's coaches, said one of his staff members was shot during the incident and was receiving medical attention.
Members of Congress were practising for a baseball game that was scheduled for Thursday night at Nationals Park.
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul said “it would have been a massacre” without Capitol Hill Police.
“Nobody would have survived without the Capitol Hill police,” Paul said on CNN. “It would have been a massacre without them.”
Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake added that he saw a member of Scalise's security detail return fire on the gunman for what felt like 10 minutes, even though the police officer was wounded in the leg.
“Fifty (shots) would be an understatement, I'm quite sure,” Flake said when asked about the total amount of gunfire, including police returning fire.
Flake said two members of Scalise's security detail were wounded, and another man was wounded in the chest.
Rep. Ron DeSantis told Fox News he left just before the shooting.
DeSantis said as he walked to his car, a man asked him if it was Republicans or Democrats practising.
About three minutes later, around 7.15 a.m., the shooting began, DeSantis said. It reportedly lasted about 10 minutes.
About 15 to 25 persons were at Simpson Field in Alexandria for the baseball practice when the gunman opened fire, eyewitnesses said.
Scalise is the first member of Congress to be shot since former Arizona Rep. Gabby Giffords was shot in January 2011.
More than two hundred people have been killed and hundreds more are still missing after torrential rains on the outskirts of Sierra Leone's capital Freetown caused a mountainside to collapse onto a residential community.
A government morgue has received 205 bodies from the mudslide, and at least 71 injured people have been transferred to hospitals, Abu Bakarr Tarawallie, the head of communications for Sierra Leone's Red Cross Society, tells The Two-Way.
Some 600 people remain unaccounted for as rescuers continue digging through the mountain of mud to find survivors and recover bodies, Tarawallie said.
"It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble," Sierra Leone's Vice President Victor Foh told Reuters while visiting the scene of the mudslide. "This disaster is so serious that I feel myself broken. ... We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people."
Tarawallie says recovery efforts face serious challenges. "We are not sure if we will be able to recover all of them considering the herculean task of reaching them out of the depths of the huge mud brought down by the slide," Tarawallie says. "We're not sure of the capacity that exists for them to be reached before they decompose."
Video posted by the Sierra Leone Broadcasting Corporation show strong, churning rivers of mud flowing down streets and through houses. "It appears many people were still sleeping when heavy rains triggered the mudslide which engulfed the area," NPR's Ofeibea Quist-Arcton reported.
The damage is extreme, says International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies Programme Coordinator Abdul Nasir: "In places, entire communities seem to have been washed away and whatever is left is covered in mud," he said.
Up to 3,000 people are believed to have lost their homes, Tarawallie says. "It is estimated that over 100 houses are affected, and about 25 houses were submerged in the mud."
Efforts to aid the people who have lost their homes have been "a little bit chaotic," he says. "No organized structure or shelter has been put in place for them." He says that the Red Cross is currently working on a response to help the people who have survived the mudslide.
Reuters spoke with Salimatu Bangura, who lives in the flooded area and lost her brother this morning. "We were asleep when we heard the noise of one of the walls falling down. By the time we got up water was flowing in and the whole house was flooded," she said.
Tarawallie stresses that Sierra Leone regularly experiences floods and mudslides due to heavy downpours. He adds: "The only particularity of this is that it is unprecedented that for the first time we are having this magnitude of impact and huge loss of property and lives."
According to the wire service, deforestation and poor urban planning have exacerbated the dangers in Sierra Leone during the rainy season.
"There is little to no urban planning going on in the city at all levels of society," Jamie Hitchen of the Africa Research Institute told The Guardian. "The government is failing to provide housing for the poorest in society. There is a chronic housing deficit in the city and the issues only get discussed on an annual basis when flooding happens and [it] comes into the spotlight."
But Trump says Kudlow now agrees that the threat of tariffs can be used as a bargaining chip to force all sides to the table.
"We don't agree on everything, but in this case I think that's good," Trump said Tuesday. "I want to have different opinions. We agree on most. He now has come around to believing in tariffs as a negotiating point."
While the president said he would welcome disagreement from Kudlow, other cabinet members with dissonant views from Trump have been shown the door. Trump fired Rex Tillerson as Secretary of state via tweet this week, just one day after Tillerson condemned Russia for its alleged involvement in the poisoning of a British spy. Trump also disposed of an undersecretary of state who had contradicted the White House's version of how the layoff occurred.
The new top economic adviser said Wednesday on CNBC he was "honored to take the job" and related the series of thirty minute phone calls he had over "three to four days" in advance of being offered the position.
"He was wonderful," said Kudlow, "it was a terrific experience," and lauded Trump's handling of the economy. "The economy is starting to boom, the tax cuts are working," and infrastructure development is in the wing, he said.
Kudlow also praised the president for his leadership.
"He's completely in command. Not only does he explain things he's thinking, he asks questions," said Kudlow. "He's a smart man.
Kudlow may agree with Cohn's opposition to tariffs in principle, but the difference is that he's willing to get on board for the greater good. The nominee "has been a spirited cheerleader for conservative, low-tax/supply-side fiscal policies, regardless of past experience or painful facts that stare the rest of us in the face," said Gary Burtless, an economist with the Brookings Institution.
In his early years Kudlow worked on Democratic campaigns and those of future conservatives. He worked as a staff economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and was part of the Reagan administration as an associate director in the Office of Management and Budget. Later he worked as an economic counselor and sat on the board of companies that advocated for lowering taxes and decreasing regulation.
"Since Kudlow has been critical on-air of the president's decision to back trade tariffs, and on trade generally, the commentator and former Reagan administration staffer seems at odds with the rising influence of trade adviser Peter Navarro and the president's statements," said Mark Hamrick, Bankrate's senior economic analyst, in an email. While acknowledging the experience of the nominee for the top economic slot, Hamrick said that now the stakes are higher than what Kudlow has faced in the past.
"Unlike television where on-air conflict is sometimes mostly for show, the health of the national and global economy is at stake here," said Hamrick.
AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta
WASHINGTON (AP) — The game will go on.
The annual Congressional Baseball Game, which dates to 1909 and is a summertime tradition on Capitol Hill, will be played on Thursday despite Wednesday's shooting at the GOP squad's practice in Alexandria, Virginia.
It's an annual tradition in which aging former Little Leaguers don their spikes and dust off their gloves in a game played for bragging rights and to benefit several charities. It's also a somewhat rare example of bipartisanship in an increasingly polarized Washington.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., assured lawmakers assembled at a members' briefing that the game will be played as scheduled, prompting a standing ovation.
“It will be ‘Play Ball!' tomorrow night at 7:05,” said Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, the longtime manager of the GOP squad.
Once a relatively cozy affair, played at a minor league ballpark in Maryland, the game has gone big time in recent years and has been played at Nationals Park, just a few blocks from the Capitol.
“We do it for really three reasons. We do it for fellowship amongst ourselves. We do it for charity,” Barton said. “We raise a lot of money for three charities. And we do it because we like to play baseball and try to recapture a little bit of our youth. It's a positive thing. Of all the things Congress does, this is one of the most benign, positive activities.”
Members of Congress practice for months for the event, and typically don the jerseys of a team from back home. The Capitol Hill newspaper Roll Call sponsors the game and awards a trophy once a side wins three of five games.
“It's a good way raise money for charity and for members to get to know each other,” said Rep. Cedric Richmond, D-La., whose election in 2010 upended the competitive balance of the annual event. Richmond played baseball in college and kicked off his congressional career with a one-hitter in 2011 and has been the game's dominant player pretty much since then.
Last year, however, Democrats lost the game 8-7, ending a seven-game winning streak that mostly coincided with Richmond joining the Democratic side.
“I was fresh off of surgery, but they made more plays than we made last year,” Richmond told reporters. “This was a year we wanted to get even.”
Congressional leaders typically attend the event and former President Barack Obama – famous for shunning opportunities to rub shoulders with lawmakers – even went two years ago, watching from the Democratic dugout. Obama's appearance came as he was struggling to win Democratic votes for an unpopular trade-related measure.
To lawmakers, the annual game is one of the better opportunities for lawmakers to get to know each other outside of their partisan roles.
“The things that used to bring members together, whether it's travel – that's frowned upon. If you belong to the gym, they think ‘well, that's a perk you shouldn't have,'” said Rep. Mike Doyle of Pennsylvania, the manager of the Democratic team. “All the chances to interact with each other outside our suits, and outside floor debate, are few and far between.”
—
Online: https://www.congressionalbaseball.org/
Comments
comments
The Year in Review – Citrix Top 10 Blog Posts of 2016
Happy New Year, fellow techies! 2016 was a big year for Citrix, and that was shown with crystalline clarity on our blog this year. We published 1,161 blog posts that saw nearly 6 millions page views.
1) Our top post of the year — and by no small margin — came from Citrix CMO, Tim Minahan. Say YES to Digital Business Transformation garnered more than 66,384 page views and made the case that the future of business was to move away from traditional IT infrastructure and toward a cloud-first strategy. “By 2020, there will be over 50 billion smart connected devices in the world. The volume of business data will double in the next year. And every day, your average employee is engaging with 5.53 apps across 3 (or more) devices.”
2) Next, we had Driving Digital Transformation, presented by our then newly minted CEO, Kirill Tatarinov. With nearly 32,958 page views (as of this writing), Kirill laid the groundwork for Digital Business Transformation and for blazing a trail toward the Fourth Industrial Revolution, in which the organizations that leverage digital technologies to redefine business and IT processes will be significantly more productive – and in turn, more competitive.
Read the entire article here, The Top 10 Citrix Blog Posts of 2016
via the fine folks at Citrix Systems, Inc.
(AP Photo/John Minchillo). Alison Lebrun helps tie blue-and-white awareness ribbons along Springfield Pike near the family home of Otto Warmbier, a 22-year-old University of Virginia undergraduate student who was imprisoned in North Korea in March 2016...
(AP Photo/John Minchillo). A pair of hugs and cries outside the plane carrying Otto Warmbier, a 22-year-old University of Virginia undergraduate student who was imprisoned in North Korea in March 2016, before he is transferred from a transport aircraft to...
(AP Photo/John Minchillo). Visitors and medical personnel enter a transport plane carrying Otto Warmbier, a 22-year-old University of Virginia undergraduate student who was imprisoned in North Korea in March 2016, before he is transferred to an ambulan...
(AP Photo/John Minchillo). Two people hug outside the plane carrying Otto Warmbier, a 22-year-old University of Virginia undergraduate student who was imprisoned in North Korea in March 2016, before he is transferred from a transport aircraft to an amb...
(Sam Greene/The Cincinnati Enquirer via AP). Otto Warmbier, a 22-year-old college student detained and imprisoned in North Korea, is carried off of an airplane at Lunken Airport in Cincinnati on Tuesday, June 13, 2017. Warmbier arrived in Ohio after be...
By DAKE KANGAssociated Press
WYOMING, Ohio (AP) - The father of an American college student released by North Korea and now hospitalized in a coma says his son was "brutalized" by his captors.
Fred Warmbier told Fox News' Tucker Carlson on Wednesday from his Ohio home that his son, Otto, "is not in great shape right now."
"Otto has been terrorized and brutalized for 18 months by a pariah regime in North Korea," the father said in an interview scheduled to air Thursday night.
The 22-year-old University of Virginia student was medically evacuated from North Korea and flown to Cincinnati late Tuesday. He was then taken by ambulance to a hospital.
Fred Warmbier said he does not know exactly what happened to his son during his detention. He and his wife, Cindy, planned a Thursday news conference.
The public appearance will be at Wyoming High School, one of Ohio's top-rated schools. Warmbier graduated from there in 2013 as class salutatorian and had played soccer.
Residents of the northern Cincinnati suburb tied blue-and-white ribbons, the school colors, to trees near the family home. Joy at his release was mixed with concern after his parents said they were told he had been in the coma for over a year.
Former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson, a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said there should be an investigation into what happened to Warmbier leading to this "tragic situation."
Richardson, a Democrat, credited the Department of State with securing Warmbier's return from North Korea without any preconditions but said a forceful response from the U.S. government would be required "if its determined that there was a cover-up and Otto's condition was not disclosed and he didn't get proper treatment."
City councilwoman Jenni McCauley said the tight-knit community was "thrilled" to have Warmbier back.
"Even though they're saddened by his condition, they're just glad for the family that he is home," McCauley said. "For any parent, this is their worst nightmare. ... We're hoping that he will be OK."
She called him "a fabulous young man" who was known as intelligent, personable and well-liked in school and in the community.
Ellie Boettcher, a 14-year-old rising freshman at Wyoming High, where Warmbier's sister will be a sophomore, said students were elated.
"We're just really glad that he's able to come back," Boettcher said. "Nothing really bad ever happens in Wyoming. It's kind of like a bubble. So it's really tragic. But luckily he is back, and I believe he will make a full recovery."
Warmbier was serving a 15-year prison term with hard labor in North Korea. He had tearfully confessed to trying to steal a propaganda banner while visiting. He was released Tuesday, more than 17 months after being detained.
Such detentions in the totalitarian nation have added to tensions between Washington and Pyongyang. Three Americans remain in custody.
The U.S. government accuses North Korea of using such detainees as political pawns. North Korea accuses Washington and South Korea of sending spies to overthrow its government.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Tuesday that his department was continuing "to have discussions" with North Korea about the release of the other three imprisoned American citizens.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
HUBER HEIGHTS — Wayne led by 11 at halftime Friday and also ended up winning by 11 defeating a pesky Beavercreek team that would not go away, 64-53.
With the victory the Warriors remain undefeated at 17-0 overall and 10-0 in conference play while the Beavers sank to 6-11 and 2-7.
The Warriors led by as many as 18 just past the midway point in the third quarter. Mat Palma hit a short jump shot, Darius Quisenberry buried a 3-pointer, drew a foul and sank the bonus shot and Deshon Parker nailed a trey to give Wayne a 48-30 advantage.
At that point it looked as though the Warriors were about to run away with the game, but the Beavers would not roll over and die.
The Beavers went on a 6-0r run and ended the quarter with a bucket inside by Yousef Saleh to cut Wayne's lead to 50-38. Beavercreek cut the deficit to 58-51 on a bucket by Evan Sayler with 1:30 remaining but with time waning the Warriors slowed down the pace and forced the Beavers to foul. Wayne went 4 for 4 down the stretch while holding Beavercreek to just one basket to secure the 11 point win.
“Beavercreek is extremely well-coached,” said Wayne Coach Nathan Martindale. “Coach Mark Hess does a great job with their program. I watched a lot of their film and obviously they are a very physical team. They have a lot of upperclassmen and all of their games have been relatively close. They will battle you. I knew they wouldn't go away. I knew they were a tough-minded group. Our guys sometimes, especially in this game, can lose a little bit of their focus. I felt like at different points in time in the game that happened tonight. We just have to get back to work and continue to execute each and every possession.”
Darius Quisenberry led Wayne with 21 points while Deshon Parker had 14 and Rashad McKee tossed in 11.
Jon Allessandro paced Beavercreek with 12; Evan Sayler had 11 and Brayden Walther 10.
Saturday the Warriors host Belmont for a non-conference game against the Bison.
BEA 10 22 38 53 – 53
WAY 15 33 50 64 – 64
Beavercreek: Yousef Saleh 1-2-4, Brayden Walther 4-0-10, Chris Herbort 4-0-8, Jon Allessandro 6-0-12, Evan Sayler 5-0-11, Caden Grimm 3-0-7, Jayme Johnson 0-1-1. Totals: 23-3-53.
Wayne: Rashad McKee 4-2-11, Deshon Parker 5-2-14, Darius Quisenberry 8-3-21, Ronnie Hampton 3-3-9, Matt Palma 2-0-4, Brent Walker 2-1-5. Totals: 24-11-64.
3-point goals: Beavercreek 4 (Walther 2, Sayler, Grimm); Wayne 5 (Parker 2, Quisenberry 2, McKee).
Records: Beavercreek 6-11 (2-7), Wayne 17-0 (10-0).
Darius Quisenberry scores a layup during the third quarter against Beavercreek. http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/02/web1_DariusQuisenberry.jpg Darius Quisenberry scores a layup during the third quarter against Beavercreek. Ron Nunnari / AIM Media Midwest Rashad McKee muscles into the paint for a score. http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/02/web1_RashadMcKee.jpg Rashad McKee muscles into the paint for a score. Ron Nunnari / AIM Media Midwest Ronnie Hampton scores inside as Brayden Walther tries to block the shot. http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/02/web1_RonnieHampton.jpg Ronnie Hampton scores inside as Brayden Walther tries to block the shot. Ron Nunnari / AIM Media Midwest
By Ron Nunnari Rnunnari@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Ron Nunnari at 684-9124, via email Rnunnari@aimmediamidwest.com or on Twitter @Englewood_Ind
Reach Ron Nunnari at 684-9124, via email Rnunnari@aimmediamidwest.com or on Twitter @Englewood_Ind
GAINESVILLE, Fla. (AP) – The University of Florida says it got a record number of applications in the last few months.
UF officials announced Tuesday that nearly 35,000 prospective students asked to be admitted to the school in the summer or fall of 2017. That's a nearly 8 percent increase over last year.
The university said it had accepted more than 13,000 students – or about 38 percent of those who applied. Last year UF admitted 42.5 percent of those who applied.
Those who got into UF have until May 1 to tell the university whether they plan to become part of the “Gator Nation.”
UF President Kent Fuchs called this year's incoming class “among the most competitive ever.” The average grade point average of those admitted is 4.4 and the average score on the SAT exam was 1349.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW
>> back to WFLA.com for more top stories
Jordan Henderson wants Barcelona target Philippe Coutinho to stay at Liverpool, as the captain seeks to remain focused on the Champions League play-off against Hoffenheim.
According to the club, Coutinho is suffering from a back problem and missed Liverpool's 3-3 draw at Watford on Saturday as a consequence.
The Brazil international has not travelled with the squad for the match at the Rhein-Neckar Arena on Tuesday and reportedly submitted a transfer request last week, shortly after Liverpool's owners Fenway Sports Group announced they will not consider any offers for the 25-year-old.
Speaking to the media in Germany, Henderson said: "It's a difficult situation for Phil but, as players, we're fully focused on the job at hand.
"You expect things like this in transfer windows but you've got to stick together and focus on what's important for the team, and that's the game tomorrow.
"Everyone would want Phil to stay because he's a world-class player.
"If I've had conversations with Phil, it's obviously private.
"I don't think I can influence the situation but I can have conversations with Phil.
"He's my team-mate and I'm close to him, I've got a lot of respect for him, but at the end of the day everything that happens has got nothing to do with me."
Liverpool finished fourth in the Premier League last season to earn an opportunity to return to UEFA's elite club competition, having made a swift exit in the group stage during their most recent appearance in 2014-15.
"It's a great opportunity for us as a team," Henderson said.
"We're looking forward to it and hopefully we can get a good result to take back to Anfield.
"It's a big test. Qualifying for the Champions League was an aim last season and we need to finish it off.
"Hoffenheim are a good side but if we perform to the level that I know we can, I'm confident that we can get through to the group stage."
Liverpool's previous foray into continental competition saw them lose the 2015-16 Europa League final 3-1 to Sevilla, leaving Henderson hoping to use that painful defeat as motivation this time around.
"It was a tough night for us. Losing a European final was difficult but you've got to use that and make sure it doesn't happen again," he said.
"We've got to use that anger to help us have a good European campaign and help us to go forward.
"Obviously tomorrow is important but you've got to have it in the back of your mind that it's two legs."
If you have ever spent any time in Toronto's Kensington Market, then you have likely passed by Reg Dried Foods. The dried fruit and nut shop on Baldwin Street is a modestly sized emporium overflowing with rare spices, dried exotic fruit and nuts in every shape and variety imported from all over the world.
Among the gleaming jars of saffron and green and purple tubs filled with crushed pistachios sits Reg Alex, the store's owner and chief employee. For the past 41 years, she has watched Kensington's lively community evolve from a livestock market in the 1970s, to a bohemian hippy paradise in the 1990s, to the gentrified arena of craft beer breweries and artisanal grocery stores that it is today.
After escaping communism and emigrating from Romania in 1976, Alex opened Reg Dried Foods later that year. At 80 years old, she has never taken a vacation. She works seven days a week and 14 hours a day everyday, only taking time off for Christmas and New Year's. Her unwavering work ethic has woven her presence into the fabric of Kensington, right next to the kaleidoscopic graffiti alleys and corners overflowing with produce stands.
Decades of Toronto residents are familiar with the lady who sits outside the dried food shop and watches to make sure that you don't accidentally pop a plump sliver of dried kiwi into your mouth before paying for your haul, but few actually know who she is. “My name is Reg,” she says, pointing to the store sign that reads Reg Dried Foods. “Reg Alex. That's it.”
As a wave of shoppers clads in trendy streetwear labels and Louis Vuitton purses pass by, one gets the sense that there is almost too much to explain about the decades she has spent watching Kensington change. “Come here, Corina,” she says eventually, getting up from her stool between the bulk bins and walking out into the street.
“It's Claudia,” I correct without realizing that, to her, I might as well be called Reporter Number 156.
“Ok Corina,” she insists, grabbing my arm and forcing me to lean in before whispering into my ear. “Chickens.” She points up and down the narrow road littered with gourmet food shops, including a chocolatier selling hand-painted single origin chocolates and an artisanal sourdough bakery. “In the '70s, these streets were filled with live chickens, and you could buy them.”
As she walks back to her stoop between the soudani peanuts and dried and sugared papaya, I get the sense that our time is up. She has work to do, and when it comes to preserving the market's ethos, it seems she has already done enough.
Real Madrid would be getting a rough deal if they ended up with Neymar as a replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo, according to their former goalkeeper Iker Casillas.
Madrid's all-time record goalscorer threw his future in to doubt in the immediate aftermath of last Saturday's 3-1 Champions League final win over Liverpool when he spoke of his time at the Santiago Bernabeu in the past tense.
Ronaldo partially rowed back on those statements in mixed-zone interviews in Kiev and then signed off a speech at Madrid's trophy parade by telling supporters: "Until next year…"
Nevertheless, the fact Madrid have been persistently linked to a move for Neymar, along with the Brazilian's club Paris Saint-Germain being one of a select few in Europe who could offer a financial package in line with Ronaldo's demands, meant the Portuguese superstar merely fuelled existing rumours.
Speaking at an event where he was presented as an ambassador for betting company Sportium, Casillas – who is now with Portuguese champions Porto – spoke of Ronaldo in glowing terms and urged against any prospect of him leaving the Spanish capital.
"Cristiano is the best team-mate I've ever had," he said. "It's incredible what this guy is doing – he is [still] improving every day.
"It's crazy, whatever people are saying. He is happy at Madrid and whatever has been said before he always remained at Real Madrid.
"I don't think he will leave. Cristiano could be compared to [Alfredo] Di Stefano.
"Would I change him for Neymar? No. I wouldn't change him for any player in the world. I understand football changes but, nowadays, Cristiano is Real Madrid."
Casillas believes Neymar should avoid the turbulence of another blockbusting transfer and focus upon making good on his €222million switch from Barcelona to PSG by establishing a similarly definitive spell with his current club.
"He changed a big club like Barcelona for a new challenge in PSG. I wouldn't understand his exit right now," the 37-year-old said, before adding slightly mischievously, "But I do understand that everybody would love to end up playing for Real Madrid."
This morning, the 2018 Golden Globes nominations were announced, and Town & Country favorites like Feud, The Crown, Outlander, and Big Little Lies all made strong showings in the television categories. Period films like Darkest Hour, The Post, Victoria and Abdul, All the Money in the World, and Battle of the Sexes also made the list.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The award ceremony will be hosted by Seth Meyers and broadcast live on NBC on January 7. Read this year's nominations in full below.
Best Motion Picture: Drama
Call Me By Your Name
Dunkirk
The Post
The Shape of Water
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Motion Picture: Musical or Comedy
The Disaster Artist
Get Out
The Greatest Showman
I, Tonya
Lady Bird
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture: Drama
Timothée Chalamet, Call Me By Your Name
Daniel Day Lewis, Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks, The Post
Gary Oldman, The Darkest Hour
Denzel Washington, Roman J. Israel, Esq.
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture: Drama
Jessica Chastain, Molly's Game
Sally Hawkins, The Shape of Water
Frances McDormand, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Meryl Streep, The Post
Michelle Williams, All the Money in the World
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture: Musical or Comedy
Steve Carell, Battle of the Sexes
Ansel Elgort, Baby Driver
James Franco, The Disaster Artist
Hugh Jackman, The Greatest Showman
Daniel Kaluuya, Get Out
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture: Musical or Comedy
Judi Dench, Victoria and Abdul
Helen Mirren, The Leisure Seeker
Margot Robbie, I, Tonya
Saoirse Ronan, Lady Bird
Emma Stone, Battle of the Sexes
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Willem Dafoe, The Florida Project
Armie Hammer, Call Me By Your Name
Richard Jenkins, The Shape of Water
Christopher Plummer, All the Money In the World
Sam Rockwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Mary J Blige, Mudbound
Hong Chau, Downsizing
Allison Janney, I, Tonya
Laurie Metcalf, Lady Bird
Octavia Spencer, The Shape of Water
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Best Director: Motion Picture
Guillermo del Toro, The Shape of Water
Martin McDonagh, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Christopher Nolan, Dunkirk
Ridley Scott, All The Money in the World
Steven Spielberg, The Post
Best Screenplay: Motion Picture
The Shape of Water
Lady Bird
The Post
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Molly's Game
Best Original Score: Motion Picture
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The Shape of Water
Phantom Thread
The Post
Dunkirk
Best Motion Picture: Foreign Language
A Fantastic Woman
First They Killed My Father
In The Fade
Loveless
The Square
Best Motion Picture: Animated
The Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Coco
Ferdinand
Loving Vincent
Best Original Song: Motion Picture
"Home," Ferdinand
"Mighty River," Mudbound
"Remember Me," Coco
"The Star," The Star
"This Is Me," The Greatest Showman
Best Television Series: Drama
The Crown
Game of Thrones
The Handmaid's Tale
Stranger Things
This Is Us
Best Television Series: Comedy
Black-ish
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Master of None
SMILF
Will and Grace
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Big Little Lies
Fargo
Feud: Bette and Joan
The Sinner
Top of the Lake: China Girl
Best Performance by an Actor In A Television Series: Drama
Jason Bateman, Ozark
Sterling K. Brown, This Is Us
Freddie Highmore, The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk, Better Call Saul
Liev Schreiber, Ray Donovan
Best Performance by an Actress In A Television Series: Drama
Caitriona Balfe, Outlander
Claire Foy, The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal, The Deuce
Katherine Langford, 13 Reasons Why
Elisabeth Moss, The Handmaid's Tale
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series: Musical or Comedy
Anthony Anderson, Black-ish
Aziz Ansari, Master of None
Kevin Bacon, I Love Dick
William H. Macy, Shameless
Eric McCormick, Will & Grace
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series: Musical or Comedy
Pamela Adlon, Better Things
Alison Brie, Glow
Rachel Brosnahan, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Issa Rae, Insecure
Frankie Shaw, SMILF
Best Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Robert De Niro, Wizard of Lies
Jude Law, The Young Pope
Kyle Maclachlan, Twin Peaks: The Return
Ewan McGregor, Fargo
Geoffrey Rush, Genius
Best Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Jessica Biel, The Sinner
Nicole Kidman, Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange, Feud: Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon, Feud: Bette and Joan
Reese Witherspoon, Big Little Lies
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series, or Motion Picture Made for Television
David Harbour, Stranger Things
Alfred Molina, Feud: Bette and Joan
Christian Slater, Mr. Robot
Alexander Skarsgard, Big Little Lies
David Thewlis, Fargo
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Laura Dern, Big Little Lies
Ann Dowd, The Handmaid's Tale
Chrissy Metz, This Is Us
Michelle Pfeiffer, Wizard of Lies
Shailene Woodley, Big Little Lies
The first mourners arrived outside Kensington Palace before dawn. News of Diana's fatal car crash had reached the U.K. in the middle of the night, and the response in London and throughout Great Britain was spontaneous and overwhelming. Mourners wept—and they paid tribute.
"I just feel disbelief more than shock," Fiona von Schank, a student who brought two roses to leave at Kensington Palace, told CNN on August 31, 1997. "It's amazing that this woman who finally seemed to have just about found some happiness has now died so tragically."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The unexpected displays of public grief by the stereotypically stiff-upper-lipped Brits continued in the days between Diana's death and her funeral, with people standing in line to sign books of condolence—at their peak, wait times lasted 12 hours—and creating impromptu memorials not only at Diana's home residence of Kensington Palace, but also Buckingham Palace, and St James Palace, where her body was taken upon arrival from Paris.
The blanket of flowers left outside Kensington Palace from above. Getty
In the recent documentary Diana, Our Mother, Prince Harry, who was just 12 at the time of his mother's passing recalled, "It was very, very strange after her death, the sort of outpouring of love and emotion from so many people that had never even met her."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
And it was an outpouring of raw emotion. People were seen crying, wailing even, in sorrow, and according to officials, 10 to15 tons of bouquets and 60 million flowers were left in honor of Diana around London. Candles, stuffed animals, flags, photographs, and personal notes were also left.
Prince Charles alongside Prince William and Prince Harry looking at the tributes to Princess Diana. Getty
People needed to do something with their heartache, to leave a physical marker indicating their love for Diana, a performative act of grief that was almost contagious.
"It's completely unprecedented. It's an occasion that is unique possibly in the history of the world and certainly in anyone's experience here," David Welch of the Royal Parks service, who eventually helped with the cleanup, said at the time.
The sea of blooms remained for over a week, growing steadily. During Diana's funeral on September 6, the hearse had to use its wipers to remove stems that were thrown at the windshield as it carried the coffin from Westminster Abbey to Diana's final resting place in Althorp. At one point, it even had to pull over to remove the flowers.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
But the impromptu memorials were temporary, and by September 11, volunteers began cleaning up the unplanned tributes. According to CNN, decaying blooms were used as compost in the Kensington Palace gardens, while still-fresh blooms were sent to hospitals and nursing homes, and toys were donated to children in need, something the Princess surely would have loved.
TORONTO — Canada has a little more information on who it might face in a repechage tournament to decide the last Rugby World Cup qualifier.
Belgium's 18-10 controversial upset win over No. 20 Spain on Sunday meant No. 17 Romania qualifies for the 2019 World Cup in Japan as Europe 1.
Georgia, ranked 12th in the world, topped the Rugby Europe Championship standings with a 5-0-0 record but had already qualified for the World Cup by virtue of its third-place pool finish in the 2015 tournament. That opened the door to Romania, which finished second in the standings.
A win over No. 25 Belgium would have meant automatic qualification for the Spaniards rather than Romania. And there was an ugly ending to the game as angry Spanish players confronted Romanian referee Vlad Iordaschescu, who along with his two Romanian assistant referees had to be escorted from the field by security.
World Rugby, which does not appoint match officials for Rugby Europe Championship qualifiers, is looking into the appointment of a Romanian referee given the ramifications of the result for Romania.
All of Belgium's points came from penalty kicks.
Spain will now play No. 23 Portugal, with the winner advancing to face No. 16 Samoa home and away. The series winner will book its ticket to Japan as the so-called playoff winner in Pool A while the loser joins 21st-ranked Canada in the four-team repechage in November.
The Belgian win was likely good news for Canada, which lost 25-9 to Romania the last time they met in 2017. Canada beat Spain 37-27 that same year.
The Africa Cup runner-up, likely No. 24 Namibia, No. 30 Kenya or No. 44 Zimbabwe, will also qualify for the repechage. The final repechage team will be the series winner between Asia 2 (likely No. 22 Hong Kong) and No. 85 Tahiti.
The four repechage teams will play a round-robin to decide which country will draw into Pool B in Japan with New Zealand, South Africa, Italy and Africa 1.
Canada dropped into the repechage after losing qualifying series against the 15th-ranked Americans and No. 18 Uruguay.
The Canadian men have appeared at every Rugby World Cup since the tournament's inception in 1987. In past years, they have booked their tournament ticket at the first round of qualifying.
In other weekend action, the Ontario Arrows lost 36-19 to Rugby United New York in New Rochelle, N.Y. The Arrows, who hope to join the new Major League Rugby pro circuit, next play April 6 when they visit the MLR's Utah Warriors.
Follow @NeilMDavidson on Twitter
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — Stephen Curry said it's understandable that the Golden State Warriors are easing up a bit as the All-Star break approaches.
The two-time NBA MVP also realizes it's critical that the defending champs push through the tough times.
Kevin Durant scored 13 of his 33 points in the fourth quarter and matched his season-high with six 3-pointers, and the Warriors held on to beat the Sacramento Kings 119-104 on Friday night.
“You can see the light at the end of the tunnel for a little refresher but at the end of day we've got work to do to get to that break so we have to find a way,” Curry said. “If we don't build the right habits and have the right spirit around our team going into the break, that could carry over and you don't want to have that kind of negative energy around the team.”
Three nights after getting blown out in Utah while suffering their worst loss of the season, the Warriors looked a little sluggish early before pulling away to even the season series with Sacramento and give coach Steve Kerr his 248th career victory.
Golden State also improved to 11-0 in games following losses while spoiling Sacramento coach Dave Joeger's return to the bench.
“When we lose our guys get a little angry and then their talent takes over,” Kerr said. “Nothing magical about it.”
It wasn't easy keeping that streak going.
Sacramento trailed by 14 before pulling to 89-88 with 7:55 remaining following three consecutive baskets by Buddy Hield.
Omri Casspi stopped the slide for the Warriors with a driving layup, Draymond Green added a three-point play and Nick Young made a 3-pointer. Durant then scored the next 10 points for Golden State, including back-to-back 3s.
The Warriors committed 25 turnovers but the Kings rarely took advantage and finished with 19 points off the miscues.
“It's a lot of stuff that we can correct,” Durant said. “Stick to our fundamentals and we'll cut those turnovers down. But for the most part I like where our defence was.”
Curry added 23 points and six assists, Klay Thompson scored 20 points and Green had 13 points, nine rebounds and six assists for Golden State.
Both teams were playing the front end of back-to-back games.
Durant, who missed an easy uncontested layup on a drive from the baseline, fueled the win despite sitting out much of the first half following Golden State's slow start. He scored 15 points in the second quarter on 6-for-7 shooting, had a key three-point play early in the fourth and then helped the Warriors close out the win late.
Zach Randolph had 18 points and seven rebounds, Justin Jackson scored 17 and De'Aaron Fox added 16 point and six assists for Sacramento.
Joerger, who was called for a technical in the fourth quarter, returned after briefly dropping to his knees during Sunday's game in San Antonio. Joerger missed the remainder of that game and did not coach in New Orleans on Thursday.
“It was a good game,” Joerger said. “I was propping up my beverage over there to keep me hydrated.”
DEEP AND DEEPER
The Warriors won another lopsided game despite being without Shaun Livingston (personal reasons), Jordan Bell (left ankle), Andre Igoudala (rest) and David West (rest).
“That's just the beauty of having a deep team,” Durant said. “We could give guys like (Kevon) Looney and Omri (Caspi) and Patty (McCaw) those minutes. It's an opportunity for the young guys to step up. It's only going to make us better as a group.”
TIP-INS
Warriors: It wasn't the crispest of games but it was a much better effort than Golden State had in their 129-99 loss to Utah. Most encouraging for Kerr's team was that they rallied after falling behind by double digits early in the first, with the comeback coming while four of the starters were on the bench. That depth continues to be the Warriors the best weapon.
Kings: Sacramento had a chance to take control early in the game but couldn't sustain the early momentum. The defence, which helped start the comeback in the fourth, fell apart late and allowed the Warriors to shoot 55 per cent for the game.
UP NEXT
Warriors: At Denver on Saturday.
Kings: Host Dallas on Saturday.
SAN ANTONIO — Freshman Jhivvan Jackson came off the bench to hit four 3-pointers and score 22, Keaton Wallace added 11 points, eight rebounds and four assists and UT San Antonio shocked Western Kentucky 74-63 on Saturday.
The Roadrunners (13-11, 6-5 Conference USA) knocked down 8 of 23 shots from 3-point range (35 per cent), while holding the Hilltoppers (16-7, 8-2) to 2 of 20 from distance. UT San Antonio made 16 of 20 from the foul line, while Western Kentucky connected on just 17 of 30 attempts (57 per cent). The Roadrunners have won three straight.
Taveion Hollingsworth scored 21 on 8-of-13 shooting for the Hilltoppers, while Justin Johnson had 13 points and 13 rebounds for his eighth double-double of the season.
Jackson had three 3-pointers in a game-opening 17-5 run and the Roadrunners never looked back in the wire-to-wire win.
The Hilltoppers, who handed third-ranked Purdue one of its two losses on the season and also boast a win over SMU, got no closer than nine points after intermission.
Croydon shoppers have been warned about a "potentially deadly" baby sleep positioner - after UK retailers including Tesco and Mothercare stopped selling the product following advice from a health regulator
The item has been taken off of the retailers' websites after the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) told parents that putting babies in the holders posed a risk of suffocation.
Sleep positioners, which feature raised supports, are used to keep babies under six months old in a specific position while sleeping.
However, the FDA has never endorsed the devices, and issued a statement on Tuesday (October 3) which read: "We are reminding parents and caregivers not to put babies in sleep positioners.
"These products - sometimes also called 'nests' or 'anti-roll' products - can cause suffocation that can lead to death."
Tesco, which sold the products on its website through a third party, said it has made them unavailable as a result of the statement.
A Tesco spokesman said: "We have removed these products from our website as a precautionary measure."
Mothercare and eBay have also stopped selling the products on their online platforms.
The FDA recommends a bare cot is the safest place for babies to sleep and said they should always be put on their backs.
Three years after plans first made their way before the Palmer Township Board of Supervisors, demolition is underway at an abandoned industrial site to make way for 300-plus apartments.
Neighbors of the ITT plant at 3100 Charlotte Ave. protested and spoke out, encouraging supervisors to reject the Palmer Point Apartments plan put forward by Bethlehem developer Lou Pektor.
They complained about its appearance in renderings, traffic, crime and impact on property values. But the supervisors felt the criticisms weren't sufficient to shelf the plan and approved it in 2016.
Neighboring business Acopian Technical Co. appealed the supervisors' approval but lost the case in Northampton County Court in June 2017. Attorney Gary Asteak said the Acopian family won't appeal that decision to Commonwealth Court.
Township Zoning Administrator James Raudenbush said Pektor filed for demolition permits in December. Pektor said he has about 60 to 90 days of tear-down ahead of him. Construction of the 312 apartments won't begin until late spring at the earliest.
"We have a lot of demolition work to do," he said.
ITT plant demolition underway in Palmer Township (PHOTOS)
ITT used to manufacture electronics in the building, but it's been boarded up for years. Soil tainted with aroclor, arsenic and manganese was excavated and trucked off the site from May to September 2013, according to a report from the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection.
Pektor said the first apartments will be ready for residents by the end of 2018 at the earliest. Pektor plans to heavily landscape the complex with 40-foot-tall trees. There will be elevators for handicapped accessibility.
One-bedroom units will start at $1,100 a month, and two-bedrooms will start at $1,500 a month, he said.
Rudy Miller may be reached at rmiller@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @RudyMillerLV. Find Easton area news on Facebook.
Age doesn't matter when you're in love. He's 68 and she's 34 and the couple confirmed their engagement yesterday!
This will be Katherine's second marriage and David's fifth. David has 5 children from his previous relationships.
McPhee and Foster first crossed paths in 2006 when Foster served as a mentor during love songs week in Season 5 of “American Idol,” on which McPhee was competing.
Think of Headingley and what comes immediately to mind?
Students and sport? We thought so.
As Headingley is close to both the University of Leeds and Leeds Beckett University campuses, it has become a very popular student area.
It is known in sporting circles throughoput the world thanks to its stadium being home to Yorkshire County Cricket Club as well as 2017 Grand Final winners Leeds Rhinos and Leeds Carnegie rugby union club.
The two s's go hand in hand with the Otley Run, a infamous pub to pub boozy challenge which kicks off at Woodies.
Away from the two s's Headingley was first mentioned in the Domesday Book as Hedingelei or Hedingeleia in 1086 where it is recorded that Ilbert de Lacy held 7 carucates (about 840 acres) of land.
It boasts a real sense of community thanks to Headingley Development Trust (HDT) an organisation, made up of concerned local residents and small businesses, formed with the aim of promoting and developing a sustainable community in Headingley.
And that's why we have trawled the YEP archive to bring you these photos of Headingley from a byone era.
RELATED LINKS:
In pictures: Historic Farsley - the Leeds village mentioned in the Domesday Book
In pictures: Historic Armley - the suburb in the shadow of the city centre
WASHINGTON — Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt signed a proposed rule Tuesday that seeks to restrict the types of scientific studies that regulators can use to determine the impact of pesticide and pollution exposure on human health.
Pruitt said the change, long sought by chemical manufacturers and fossil fuel companies, would increase transparency in the agency's decision-making by requiring all underlying data used in scientific studies to be made publicly available.
“The era of secret science at EPA is coming to an end,” Pruitt said. “The ability to test, authenticate and reproduce scientific findings is vital for the integrity of the rule-making process. Americans deserve to assess the legitimacy of the science underpinning EPA decisions that may impact their lives.”
Facing a swarm of ethical questions about his use of taxpayer money for personal perks, Pruitt signed the proposed order at EPA headquarters in an event livestreamed on the agency's website but not open to the press.
Critics that include former EPA administrators and scientists said the policy shift is designed to restrict the agency from citing peer-reviewed public-health studies that use patient medical records that must be kept confidential under patient privacy laws.
Such studies include the Harvard School of Public Health's landmark Six Cities study of 1993, which established links between death rates and dirty air in major U.S. cities. That study was used by EPA to justify tighter air-quality rules opposed by industrial polluters.
“This policy converts transparency from a principle for improving science into a weapon that undermines it,” said Brian Nosek, a psychologist who directs and co-founded the Center for Open Science, which advocates for open data and transparency in research.
If finalized after a 30-day public comment period, the new policy would follow other moves by Pruitt that have included replacing academic scientists on EPA advisory committee with those either directly employed by industry or who accept research funding from corporate interests.
In adopting the “secret science” ban, Pruitt is implementing restrictions that conservative lawmakers have sought for years but been unable to pass, even with Republican majorities in both the House and Senate.
“For too long, the EPA has issued rules and regulations based on data that has been withheld from the American people,” said Rep. Lamar Smith of Texas, a Republican who chairs the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee. “It's likely that in the past the data did not justify all regulations. Today, Administrator Pruitt rightfully is changing business as usual and putting a stop to hidden agendas.”
Smith also took the opportunity to lend his support to the embattled EPA chief.
“I know of no other administration official who goes on the offensive, who isn't intimidated, and who does what he thinks is the right thing regardless,” Smith said.
Top scientists and experts in the environment slammed Pruitt's new policy, saying it will pit public health research against privacy and the public will lose out.
“I think the underlying motivation here is pernicious,” said Carnegie Mellon University engineering professor M. Granger Morgan, who chaired EPA's Science Advisory Board under Republican President George W. Bush. He said the policy is an attempt by people who aren't interested in using science to find the truth “to raise doubts about what at this stage is very clearly established and well-reviewed science.”
Scientists say when they do epidemiological studies — which look at what's happening in the real world and comparing it to illness and deaths, such as cancer clusters — they have to abide by health privacy rules.
This rule would say research results that don't post such private data couldn't be used by EPA “unless subjects have surrendered their right to privacy,” William K. Reilly, who was EPA chief during the George H.W. Bush presidency, said in an email.
Pruitt cited two closed access journals — Science and Nature — as positive examples of transparency. But those journals have strict programs that allow outside experts to review private data, checking it for accuracy yet not making it public.
Tom Burke, EPA science chief during the Barack Obama administration, called the new policy “an invitation to endless delay.”
He said it could “tangle up public health actions” when dealing with people and cancer-causing substances in water and air. “When something has spilled and is coming down the river, you need to set a number for when to shut the water off,” said Burke, an epidemiologist who now heads the Risk Sciences Institute at Johns Hopkins University.
——
Follow Associated Press environmental reporter Michael Biesecker at http://twitter.com/mbieseck and science writer Seth Borenstein at http://twitter.com/borenbears
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and...
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Monday, Oct. 2, 2017 file photo, drapes billow out of broken windows at the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip, following a mass shooting at a music festival in Las Vegas. Police in Las Ve...
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Latest on records released by Las Vegas police regarding the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history (all times local):
4:25 p.m.
Aerial video released by Las Vegas police provides a unique overview but little new information about the deadliest mass shooting in the nation's modern history.
A quick review of footage released Wednesday includes six hours of video from a fixed-wing airplane.
The sequence began more than two hours after the Oct. 1 shooting that killed 58 people and injured hundreds at a concert near the Mandalay Bay resort.
Video also shows the gold-window facade of the hotel where the shooter had fired for about 10 minutes from the 32nd floor.
The footage scans the surrounding neighborhood and features eerie infrared eye-in-the-sky images.
After daylight, some of the newly released video shows investigators wearing yellow jackets beginning to explore debris around the grandstands, VIP area and green field where 22,000 people fled as shots rained down from rapid-fire assault-style weapons.
Police and the FBI say they don't know the shooter's motive, but they determined he acted alone and the attack had no link to international terrorism.
The material marked the fourth batch of records made public under court orders.
____
2:40 p.m.
Las Vegas police released video from traffic surveillance cameras along the Las Vegas Strip showing emergency vehicles arriving as the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history unfolded.
A partial review of files made public Wednesday under court order shows video of police cars streaming down Las Vegas Boulevard and an aircraft view of the Mandalay Bay resort and concert venue where the attack occurred.
The video includes footage from Oct. 1 when shots were being fired into the crowd after 10 p.m. Muzzle flashes of gunfire cannot be seen from the camera view about a block from the concert venue.
As emergency vehicles clog the street, shadows can be seen of people running across a pedestrian bridge and people on the sidewalk clutching each other as they emerge from darkness and pass the camera.
The video is in color but there is no sound.
Courts have ordered police to make public officers' body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports.
The material released Wednesday was the fourth batch of records made public under the court order.
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were injured when gunfire rained from the high-rise Mandalay Bay into the outdoor concert crowd.
___
1 p.m.
Police in Las Vegas have released another batch of public records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
The release of video on Wednesday came after courts ordered the department to make public police body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting.
It's the fourth batch of records to be released under the court order.
The material has not detailed a possible motive and instead recounts tales of horror and heroism as officers responded to the massacre.
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were injured when gunfire rained from a high-rise hotel into an outdoor concert crowd on the Las Vegas Strip.
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned comment from the department about the material being released. The FBI has declined to comment.
Both agencies say they don't have a motive for the attack and the investigation is ongoing.
They say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone and the attack had no link to international terrorism.
____
10:20 a.m.
Police in Las Vegas are scheduled to release more records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
The release of the materials has been promised for noon Wednesday.
Courts ordered the release of public records including police body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting that killed 58 people and injured hundreds on the Las Vegas Strip.
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned comment from the department about the material.
The FBI has also declined to comment.
Both say they don't have a motive for the attack, and that the investigation is ongoing.
They say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone in shooting from a high-rise hotel room into an outdoor concert crowd below, and that the attack had no link to international terrorism.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
New York (AP) — Cocoa futures trading on the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) Wednesday: (10 metric tons; $ per ton)
Open High Low Settle Change Mar 2020 Up 26 Mar 1978 2012 1974 1996 Up 26 May 2007 2034 1998 2020 Up 26 Jul 2016 2047 2010 2035 Up 27 Sep 2034 2061 2028 2051 Up 27 Dec 2059 2083 2049 2074 Up 26 Mar 2079 2101 2069 2095 Up 26 May 2087 2113 2086 2106 Up 28 Jul 2122 2122 2104 2117 Up 29 Sep 2107 2129 2107 2129 Up 32 Dec 2139 2142 2139 2142 Up 34
Kamar Aiken led the Ravens in receptions, receiving yards and touchdowns in 2015.
His 2016 season was a far different tale, however.
The Ravens wide receiver expressed his displeasure with how his season went as he cleaned out his locker Monday afternoon. And now that he's heading into free agency, it will be on his mind.
“Frustrating. Very frustrating,” Aiken said. “Probably the most frustrating year I've had since I've been in the league.”
Aiken signed a second-round restricted free–agent tender last offseason, showing the value the team placed in the former journeyman. Now he'll be an unrestricted free agent this March.
Aiken was asked whether his frustration from this season would affect his free agency decision.
“Yes, I would say it would,” he said. “I'm open. This will be the first time in my career to hit the market and see what it is. I'm happy and I'm looking forward to it.”
Aiken said he would not rule out re-signing with Baltimore. The Ravens could be in the market for a wide receiver given the retirement of Steve Smith Sr. , and Aiken has proven he can be effective.
After injuries to Smith and rookie Breshad Perriman last season, Aiken assumed the top spot in the Ravens' wide receiver room. He delivered, posting 75 catches for 944 yards and five touchdowns.
But with Smith and Perriman missing just two games between them this season, and the addition of Mike Wallace , Aiken dropped to No. 4 in the pecking order. He notched 29 catches for 328 yards and one touchdown.
Aike endured 15 transactions between three teams in two years before landing on Baltimore's practice squad in 2013. He worked his way up from there to become a special teams player, and ultimately to an offensive starter.
Last year, he said he wanted to stay in Baltimore for his entire career because it's where he was given a chance to play. To have that role decreased the following year was a tough pill to swallow.
“I will say I'm proud of the way I handled it,” Aiken said. “I handled it the best way I could. I'm alright with it.”
Aiken said he spoke with Offensive Coordinators Marc Trestman and Marty Mornhinweg about his role, but that it didn't change things.
The Ravens quite simply had an abundance of talent at the position and everybody couldn't get as many touches as they likely wanted, especially if they all stayed as healthy as they did.
“I talked to them, but that was just my role for this year. They were set on that,” Aiken said.
“I'm a starter in this league. I feel like I make a lot of plays and I make plays when they come my way.”
(AP Photo/John Locher). Vegas Golden Knights left wing William Carrier, left, and right wing Ryan Reaves joke around during practice Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Las Vegas. Game 2 of the Stanley Cup NHL hockey finals between Vegas and the Washington Capit...
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). Ice maintenance crew members repair the ice with a fire extinguisher as linesman Jonny Murray watches during the second period in Game 1 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals between the Vegas Golden Knights and the Washingt...
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). Washington Capitals left wing Alex Ovechkin, of Russia, stands on the ice during practice Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Las Vegas. Game 2 of the Stanley Cup NHL hockey finals between the Capitals and the Vegas Golden Knights is...
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Strip has hosted countless events over the years, featuring stars on stage and in the ring.
Las Vegas can now add a championship game in a major professional sports league to its list.
And, Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final has a tough act to follow.
The Vegas Golden Knights opened with a 6-4 win over the Washington Capitals, co-starring teams that combined for a Final-record four lead changes.
There also were big hits, some which might have lingering effects Wednesday night.
Washington's Tom Wilson was penalized for blindsiding Vegas' Jonathan Marchessault after he passed the puck in Game 1. Ryan Reaves scored a tying goal Monday night after appearing to get away with cross-checking Capitals defenseman John Carlson.
___
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Transcript for UK Prime Minister Theresa May calls for general election on June 8
I have just chat at a meeting of the cabinet. Rarely agrees that the government should cool a general election to be held on the eighth of June. I want to explain the reasons for that decision. What happened next. And the choice facing the British people when you come to the days in this election. Last summer. Off the country gratitude to beat the European Union. Christian needed certainty. Stability. And strong leadership. And since I became prime minister the government has to do that's precisely that. Despite. Predictions of immediate financial and economic change. Since the referendum we have seen consumer confidence remained high. Records numbers of jobs. And economic growth that succeeded full expectations. We also deliver all the mandates that we what happened to it by the referendum results. Britain is leaving the European Union. On that can be eaten sending back. A dust we go to the future the government has the right for negotiating on new relationship with Europe. We wanted to eat and special partnership. Between a strong and successful European Union and the United Kingdom which is free to chalked its own way in the world. That means we will regain control of the power and money unwritten rules aren't already reported. And we will be free to strike trade deals with old friends and new continents all around the world. This is the right approach. A disease in the national interest. But the other political parties but eyes it. At this moment of enormous national significance. They should be unity here in Westminster. But instead there is division. The country is coming to get that but Westminster seasonal. In recent weeks labor that threatens to vote against the final agreement we reach with the European Union. The liberal Democrat. Hats that said they want to grind the business of government to a standstill. The Scottish National Party say they will vote against the legislation that full body reveals Britain's membership of the European Union. I'd unelected members of the house of rules cuts out to fight to us that respect that the way. Opponents believe because the government's majority is sizable boost our resolve what week. And that they can force us to change schools. Day well. They underestimate. Our determination. To get that to all done. A dime not propel it Tibetan endanger the security of millions of working people across the country. Because they are doing jeopardize is that where we must do take a path of wrecks it. And it weakens the government's case yet to position it you. If we do not hold a general election. That political game playing will continue. And the negotiations with the European Union will reach the most difficult stage in the runup to the next check you election.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
LONDON — As Roger Federer was winning 35 consecutive service points at Wimbledon on Wednesday — yes, 35 in a row — a Centre Court spectator cheered him on while wearing a red shirt with white lettering that said, “PeRFect.”
The Swiss great comes pretty close to living up to that at times.
Federer moved into the third round at the England Club as he chases his record-extending ninth championship there, using close-to-impeccable serving to beat 73rd-ranked Lukas Lacko of Slovakia 6-4, 6-4, 6-1.
The 36-year-old Federer compiled 48 winners and just 11 unforced errors. He won 40 of 43 first-serve points, never faced a break chance, and delivered 16 aces.
“Sometimes your serve matches up better against certain players,” he said. “There's no doubt about that.”
Talk about an understatement.
At 4-3, 40-30, Federer hit a 118 mph ace to hold and start his roll that included the last five points he served in the first set, all 20 in the second, and then the first 10 of the third. By then, it was so dominant that one television announcer was moved to jokingly exclaim, “Come on, double-fault!”
Federer did not oblige, but moments later, he did lose a point he served at 4-1, 30-love, when Lacko smacked a down-the-line backhand passing winner.
“I think (what's) important when you want to serve well is your point-for-point mentality, saying, maybe, ‘The first point is as important as a break point,' so the concentration is the same,” Federer explained. “Trying to remember all the things you've done throughout the entire match — what has worked, what hasn't worked.”
Very little did not work on this day, and he's allowed his two opponents to collect a total of 17 games through six sets.
Very little hasn't worked for him over the years at Wimbledon, even now that he's in his mid-30s.
Wednesday's result increased Federer's streak to 26 straight sets at Wimbledon, equaling his second-best run, which came in 2003-04. His best was a 34-streak sequence from 2005-06.
A year ago, Federer became the first man since Bjorn Borg in 1976 to win the title at the grass-court Grand Slam tournament without ceding a single set.
So what, Federer was asked, makes him so successful on grass ?
“I don't know. I don't know,” he began, before offering quite a list for someone who doesn't know.
“Maybe it's that it helps my slice. That maybe the footwork on grass comes easier to me than for other guys. I'm not sure. Then because I have a decent speed on the serve, and I can serve kick and slice. Maybe also the grass helps me just a little bit to get a few more free points than what it would on some other surfaces.”
——
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
——
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
A project to secure the future of one of Bury St Edmund's skyline landmarks has had the thumbs up from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
St John's Church has received initial support from the Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF) for its major Roof Repairs project, it was announced today.
Damaged tiles and lead that need s replacing on the roof of St Johns Church, Bury St Edmunds
That means the fund (HLF) has endorsed outline proposals and earmarked funding so detailed plans will go to a second-round and as long as they have progressed satisfactorily, an award is confirmed.
Revd Canon Mark Haworth said: “We're delighted that we've received this support thanks to National Lottery players.
“This will secure the future of St John's as a centre of worship and community life and means that we have an opportunity to explain its heritage and tell the story of its life over the past 175 years.”
The church was built in 1841 but its the slates have crumbled, the lead gutters are torn and that the unprotected rafters beneath have begun to rot as rainwater seeps in.
The project will involve replacing all the slates and lead, as well as many of the wooden rafters.
Initial investigations indicate the full cost of the work will be more than £300,000.
Over the next year, aided by £22,300 of development funding from HLF, the church will ascertain the true extent of the damage and how best to remedy the problem.
This will enable St John's to make their plans and apply for a full HLF grant next year.
The full project plans include a children's guide to the church, tours of Victorian Bury St Edmunds and a timeline display relating church, local and national history.
St John's is Grade II* listed and is notable for being mainly of Woolpit white bricks and for the use of innovative building techniques by its architect William Ranger.
Solar eclipses, particularly total solar eclipses, are spectacular occasions. Although they aren't rare, visibility depends on where you are at the time of the eclipse. The solar eclipse on August 21, 2017, for example, will be visible across much of the United States, but for some, the sun will be complete covered. The next total eclipse will occur on July 2, 2019, but over the South Pacific and South America, and not visible in the U.S. (In case you were wondering, the next total eclipse to cross the U.S. won't take place until 2024.)
If you're lucky enough to catch one, odds are you're going to want to snap a few photos of the astronomical phenomenon. To ensure you get the best photos possible, we're going to run through a few basics to keep in mind when snapping away. Here's how to photograph an eclipse, safely and properly.
Extra protection
Unlike almost anything else you photograph, shooting a solar eclipse will require a bit more equipment than only a camera and a lens. To protect your camera's sensitive sensor, as well as your eyes when staring through the viewfinder, you're going to need a solar photo filter — essentially a dark piece of glass designed to limit how much light is entering your camera and hitting its fragile sensor.
Solar photo filters range from $20 all the way up to $250. As with most things in the photography world, you get what you pay for. High-end filters will likely be made of a more optically pure glass and therefore have less effect on the final images, while the lower-end filters will likely have some impact on the final image. That said, many of the negative qualities of a lower-quality filter can be touched up in post-production without much fuss.
Likewise, you will also need a pair of sunglasses specifically designed for solar eclipses. Unlike your average sunglasses, they're far stronger to ensure your eyes stay protected when looking directly at the sun.
We can't stress this enough: Do not look through the viewfinder or directly at the sun without proper protection.
What to bring
On the topic of lenses, it's ultimately up to you on what lens you decide to put on your camera. If you want a really-close-up shot of the eclipse as it happens, you'll want a 500mm or longer lens. If you want to include a bit of foreground in the image to give context, something along the lines of a 70-200mm lens might better suit your needs. If you're hoping to catch the entire sequence of events, a wide-angle lens might be your best option — something between 15-25mm, for example.
It's likely you'll be shooting with a smaller aperture — probably no less than f/5.6 — so fast lenses aren't a necessity. Use what you have and make the most of it. Just remember to not photograph a solar eclipse without your solar filter attached to the front of your lens.
Other accessories you'll need to include a sturdy tripod, a cable or remote shutter release (to control the shutter without touching the camera), extra battery, and extra memory cards — you won't want to miss the shot because of a dead batter or full memory card.
The following video, created by Nikon for the upcoming solar eclipse in August 2017, does a great job explaining what you'll need to capture the eclipse and what lenses might best fit your desired composition. Canon also has a website dedicated to shooting an eclipse.
Where and how to shoot
Once you have all of your equipment, next up is to figure out where exactly the solar eclipse will be visible and where you want to be in order to best compose the shot. To figure out the exact path of where the solar eclipse will be most visible, keep an eye on NASA's website dedicated to eclipses. There, you will find a map detailing the path of the impending eclipse. You can also download the Smithsonian's app for the August 21 solar eclipse.
Even if you aren't in the direct path of the eclipse, known as the path of totality, you will still be afforded an impressive view. So, figure out how far you're willing to travel to capture the eclipse, and get comfortable with the surrounding area so you're better prepared when the event happens.
When planning the composition of your photograph, don't be afraid to get creative. Rather than shooting only the sun, consider framing it within your environment. Shoot through a building or bridge, capture the silhouette of fellow star-gazers, and don't be afraid to shoot from a lower or higher angle than everyone else. You can also take advantage of the unique shadows the solar eclipse will case on objects. Look for nearby trees and watch as the crescent-shaped shadows change throughout the range of totality. Remember, there's no right or wrong way to capture a solar eclipse. Only your way.
One of the most important things you can do is to understand what kind of settings you'll be using when the time comes. As pointed out in the second part of Nikon's solar eclipse video series, seen below, knowing exactly what settings you'll need before the event will help ensure you're not fumbling around with ISO and aperture when you're trying to capture what's potentially a once-in-a-lifetime event.
The exact settings you use will vary depending on your location, when during the event you're shooting, and the overall exposure you're looking to achieve. That said, there are a few general settings you can keep in mind. The first step is to take your camera out of any automatic shooting modes, including but not limited to Program, Shutter Priority, and Aperture Priority. These work for a lot of situations, but with the quickly-changing scene of a solar eclipse, your camera will likely struggle to take into account the extreme brightness of the sun and the moments of complete darkness throughout the entirety of the eclipse. Your best bet is to shoot in the manual mode.
For the sake of simplicity, keep the white balance in the “Auto” mode. If you do this and shoot in your camera's RAW format, you won't have any problem warming up or cooling down the image in post-production. As for the rest of the settings, odds are you're going to want to shoot with a fairly small aperture — somewhere around f/8 through f/22. This will ensure everything in the scene is in focus. Shutter speed shouldn't matter much, since your subject isn't a fast-moving one, but unless you're planning on capturing a long exposure shot, odds are you won't want to go below 1/3oth of a second or so. This should ensure your shot is tack sharp and doesn't have any blur.
If video is more your cup of tea, the same settings and rules apply. Just flip your DSLR into its video mode and expose for the sun — again, with the appropriate solar filter in front of the lens. The video should come together as the solar eclipse takes place. Keep in mind many DSLRs have 30-minute capture limits, due to unusual regulations, so be ready to stop and restart your video if you're planning on capturing the entire event. Extra batteries and memory cards will likely prove beneficial as well, since video capture burns through both fast.
If you don't have a DSLR, mirrorless, or point-and-shoot on hand, don't worry. Even though it's limited, the camera inside your smartphone is more than good enough. Using any number of adapters, such as this universal Gosky mount, you can connect your phone to a standard telescope and capture the action from up-close. Remember though, ALWAYS have a solar filter on your telescope when viewing a solar eclipse, be it with your phone or your own two eyes.
When the time does come to shoot the eclipse, plan on being at your desired location in advance to not only secure your spot, but also set up your equipment and play around with your settings to ensure your photos will turn out exactly as you'd like. Besides crowds, the only other obstacle you should face is weather. Unfortunately, there's not much you can control in that regard, so it might be a good idea to have a secondary, backup location in mind that might have a better view.
Beyond that, make sure you have all of your gear and hit the road. The rest is up to you, as you are the visionary behind the camera. Also, as important as the image is, be sure to take in the eclipse with your own (protected) eyes. It's not every day you get to see an eclipse, so live the moment through your own lenses, not only the one attached to your camera.
NEW MIDDLETOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Springfield pummeled Western Reserve, 40-14, on Friday, sparked by four touchdown runs by Luke Snyder.
Snyder finished with 190 yards on 19 carries as the Tigers outgained the Blue Devils 436-293 in total yards.
Midway through the first quarter, Snyder scored on a 37-yard TD run. Minutes later, the Tigers running back then notched a 52-yard TD run.
Snyder now has 12 rush TDs this season.
Springfield went up 20-0 on a 67-yard TD run by Garrett Walker early in the second quarter.
Western Reserve's Kade Hilles caught a 12-yard TD pass from Dom Velasquez with 1:20 left in the half to make it 20-7
Snyder scored his third TD run in the third quarter — this time on a 9-yard run. He then caught a 47-yard TD pass from Brannon Brungard, while Brungard added a 25-yard run to follow.
Brungard finished 8 of 13 for 123 yards.
Western Reserve's Jack Cappabianca finished with just 48 yards on 11 carries.
Read more: Week seven high school football stories
Western Reserve football schedule | Springfield football schedule
Important high school football links:
Scores | Standings | Schedules | Big 22
CJAM has been redefining the radio dial for over 30 years in Windsor-Detroit and we need your help! Your donation towards CJAM will directly assist us in providing a viable alternative to commercial and top 40 radio. We are a listener supported station and rely on your generous donations to keep us afloat. Our Annual Pledge Drive is on -air October 31st - November 8th but you can donate right here online. Have a look here at our thank-you gifts which include our Limited Edition Shirt, Music Incentives and an array of gift certificates and swag from great local businesses!
Prefer not to donate online? Click here.
Our readers call for Niagara Region's CAO to resign and call for Ottawa to better equip the Navy.
Region CAO, incumbents can leave
Niagara Region's CAO Carmen D'Angelo should resign.
If the chief administrative officer does not know the difference between an inconvenience and theft he should step down.
It is clear he does not understand the rights of Canadians and again shows abuse of power by denying those rights.
Since he is the top dog at the Region, he is responsible for the infringement of a reporter's rights, and for directing a subordinate to take private property.
In Canada we have laws which were not followed, the cops helped usher the victim out of a public building while standing by as private property was stolen.
Call the Ontario police commission, the Human Rights Commission and a Crown attorney to properly solve this total lack of respect and breach of a citizen's rights.
It is time that we go after the province to review just what the Region is supposed to do, besides steal from citizens and obstruct human rights.
It appears it is working under the notion it is a dictatorship and its leaders can do what they want no matter what the laws are.
I will not vote for any incumbent on the council next fall — they have shown where they stand.
John Hunt
Niagara Falls
Do what's best for the Navy
Well here we go again with the government de jour messing up plans to re-equip our Armed Forces with new assets, in this case the Navy, with new ships.
Why can't these people get anything right as far as military procurement is concerned? Both parties, the Liberals and the Conservatives, have continually messed up since the days of John Diefenbaker. The NDP is not involved in this discussion as it does not give defence spending any sort of priority. Probably why they will never get elected with a majority. Canadians are incredibly proud of our military in spite of the ongoing incompetence of our federal government.
In fairness I get it that the European proposal was an 11th-hour proposal and, of course, we want as much work done in Canada as possible. My question is why are these new programs always so late and bungled up in telling potential suppliers exactly what our design specifications and planned usage for these new ships are?
I also question why on earth we would ever get a proposal from Lockheed Martin after the F-35 stealth fighter debacle. In fact Lockheed and its partner, British firm BEA, propose a ship that is still on the drawing board. Again can you say F-35? Why would we expect any better for this design concept.
It appears the European proposal addresses the Canadian content issue, so what is wrong with building a proven design with a fixed price?
Even the U.S. is considering this design, let's get our act together, put the bureaucracy in its place and do what's best for the Navy and the stressed out taxpayers.
John C. Duquette
Port Colborne
Onnoghen updates Buhari on activities of judiciary
Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN) Justice Walter Onnoghen, on Tuesday, updated President Muhammadu Buhari on activities of the nation's judiciary.
Onnoghen, who spoke to State House correspondents on the outcome of the closed door meeting with the President, said he kept the president abreast of the latest developments in the judiciary.
He added that “I am here to felicitate with Mr President.
“As you are aware, he has just returned from the Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting as head of Federal Government delegation and there is the need for regular interaction to keep him abreast of the latest developments in the judiciary.”
The CJN, who expressed satisfaction over the performance of judges in the fight against corruption, said the setting up of Commission for the Prevention of Corruption (COMPRECO) had assisted in this direction.
Onnoghen added that judges should not be blamed for the delay in dispensation of justice in the country.
He said: “l believe that you know, with your experience of many years of practice that there has never been a situation in which any case was taken to court and decided upon and the judge was not there to listen to the case or having finished hearing, he refused to deliver judgment.
“So, when cases are not tried expeditiously and the judge is there, ready to listen to the case, you come and for one reason or the other, you take a date to adjourn the case, and the court grants the adjournment which is normal during proceedings, you cannot turn round and blame the judge for that.
“These are basic things that everybody must know. We must all work together, cooperate for the system to move forward. But if you keep thinking that the judiciary is the culprit in this delay process, you are not telling the whole story.
“It is not the judiciary that would go and arrest someone before looking for evidence; it is not the judiciary that would go into investigations.
“We do not operate the inquisitional mode of justice as it is practiced by the French. Our own is that an independent body must investigate, prosecute, while the judge decides.''
On creation of special courts for speedy dispensation of justice in the country, Onnoghen said it was not the responsibility of the office of the CJN or the judiciary to set up such courts.
According to him, it is the executive in conjunction with the legislature that has the prerogative of setting up special courts.
He, however, expressed the readiness of the judiciary to provide the necessary manpower and logistics for smooth running of such courts when established.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Transcript for US Justice Department alerted President Trump to concerns about Flynn's calls with Russian envoy
As Jon reported here, it was the U.S. Justice department that alerted the White House about their concern involving Flynn. Intelligence authorities going back and listening to those phone calls after something suspicious prompted them to do so. President Obama's sanctions kicking Russian diplomats out of the U.S., and Russia, mysteriously, no retaliation. ABC's justice correspondent, Pierre Thomas on the trail tonight. Reporter: Flynn's spectacular fall started with a hunch by the intelligence community. It began when president Obama issued those tough December sanctions, kicking Russian officials out of the U.S. For hacking the Democrats. Our goal continues to be to send a clear message to Russia. Reporter: But stunningly, Putin didn't retaliate, even inviting American children to a Kremlin party. Donald Trump tweeting at the time, "I always new he was very smart." But suspicious of Putin's failure to counterpunch, the FBI and intelligence community started digging, uncovering the bombshell conversations between Flynn and the Russian ambassador. Acting attorney general Sally Yates and others wanted to notify the White House, but FBI chief James Comey was concerned that the investigation was at too sensitive a stage and could be compromised. But as trump surrogates repeatedly backed Flynn's version of events, Yates decided she had to act, warning White House officials that they had been misled. She worried Flynn was at risk of Russian blackmail. Today Sean spicer insisted then-president-elect trump never told Flynn to discuss the sanctions. Did the president instruct him to talk about sanctions? No, absolutely not. No, no, no. Reporter: Spicer also seemed to blame Yates for the delay in notifying the White House. Why did it take so long? I think the first question should be, where was the department of justice in this? They were aware of this. Reporter: Late today we also learned that the FBI interviewed Flynn the week after the inauguration. Sources declined to comment on what Flynn said, but if he wasn't completely honest, he could be accused of lying to the FBI, a felony. And Pierre Thomas with us live tonight from the FBI. A new interview published with general Flynn skpr, conducted yesterday while he had a job, and they said he crossed, quote, no lines and the president urged him to get out and talk more. Reporter: He insisted his conversation with the Russian ambassador was not about sanctions, but about the diplomats Obama expelled last year, and he said that the president expesed confidence in hear, even though Sean spicer said trust eroded to the point of his resignation a few hours later, David. You can imagine the reaction pouring in from Democrats and
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
NEW YORK — New guidelines released Wednesday recommend U.S. adults start colon cancer screening earlier, at age 45 instead of 50.
The American Cancer Society's advice puts it out of sync with guidelines from an influential government advisory group, which kept the age at 50 in an update two years ago.
Cancer society officials acknowledge the shift to 45 could cause confusion for doctors and patients but felt strongly that they needed to act now. The advocacy group was influenced by its study, published last year, that found rising rates of colon cancer and deaths in people younger than 50. Experts aren't sure why there has been a 50 per cent increase in cases since 1994.
The guidelines are for men and women ages 45 to 75 of average risk for colon cancer; recommendations are different for people with certain conditions, like Crohn's disease, or a family history of colon cancer. The group endorses six kinds of screening exams, from inexpensive take-home stool tests performed every year to colonoscopies done every 10.
“All of these tests are good tests, and the choice should be offered to patients,” said the cancer society's Dr. Rich Wender. “The best test is the test that gets done.”
The same tests are recommended by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, a panel that reviews evidence and issues advice for a variety of screenings and treatments. It updated its colon cancer guidelines in 2016 and its next review isn't expected until around 2021.
That panel's recommendations drive what screening is covered by insurance under the Affordable Care Act, although 20 states have laws that link coverage to the cancer society guidelines. It's not uncommon for groups to have slightly different guidelines although those for colon cancer have been about the same for decades.
Most colon cancer occurs in adults 55 and older, and the good news is rates of cases and deaths have been falling for decades. Colon cancer, combined with rectal cancer, is the second leading cause of cancer death in the U.S. This year, more than 140,000 Americans are expected to be diagnosed with it, and about 50,000 will die from it.
Doctors will probably look to specialty medical societies to sort out the different guidelines, said Dr. Marcus Plescia, of the Association of State and Territorial Health Officials. But it may take a little while before they offer clear advice.
Some experts have worried about pre-50 risks of colon cancer in some racial and ethnic groups, and at least one specialty society for gastroenterologists has urged screening of black adults starting at age 45.
Others argue that instead of lowering the age for routine screening, more effort should be put into getting more people tested. Only about two-thirds of people 50 and older have been following screening guidelines.
“It's hard enough to get people to do it at all,” Plescia noted.
Dr. Andrew Wolf, the lead author of the latest guidelines, said they considered and rejected that reasoning.
“We should be able to do both,” said Wolf, a University of Virginia internist.
——
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
If it seems like fake news is everywhere, that may be because it is.
Falsehoods spread like wildfire on social media, getting quicker and longer-lasting pickup than the truth, researchers reported on Thursday.
A deep dive into Twitter shows that false news was re-tweeted more often than true news was, and carried further.
“Falsehood diffused significantly farther, faster, deeper, and more broadly than the truth in all categories of information, and the effects were more pronounced for false political news than for false news about terrorism, natural disasters, science, urban legends, or financial information,” the team, led bySinan Aral of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, wrote in the journal Science.
“It took the truth about six times as long as falsehood to reach 1,500 people.”
And it wasn't bots spreading most of the falsehoods, they found. It was real people doing most of it. Usually ordinary people, too, they found: so-called ‘verified' users and those with many followers were not usually the source of some of the most popular untrue viral posts.
No,the FDA did not say vaccines cause autism https://t.co/nXqotgRYQq — Maggie Fox (@maggiemfox) March 8, 2018
It might be because false statements sound more surprising, they said.
“We found that false news was more novel than true news, which suggests that people were more likely to share novel information,” they wrote.
It should come as no surprise that the internet has spawned a resurgence of fake news. Congress and the FBI are investigating evidence that Russian and other foreign users deliberately flooded social media with untrue reports and posts intended to mislead people about political candidates.
And the term “fake news” has taken on its own life, referring not only to untrue reports but being increasingly used to dismiss reports that the user does not wish to agree with.
So Aral's team decided to use the term “false news” instead. They also used a broad definition of “news”. “We refer to any asserted claim made on Twitter as news,” they said.
The study started with PhD research by MIT's Soroush Vosoughi, who was struck by the false reports that spread rapidly after the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings, in which three people were killed and 264 injured.
"Twitter became our main source of news," Vosoughi said in a statement. "I realized that ... a good chunk of what I was reading on social media was rumors,” he added.
“It took the truth about six times as long as falsehood to reach 1,500 people.” “It took the truth about six times as long as falsehood to reach 1,500 people.”
To objectively separate truth from lies or mistakes, Vosoughi and colleagues used sites devoted to fact-checking: factcheck.org, hoax-slayer.com, politifact.com, snopes.org, truthorfiction.com, and urbanlegends.about.com. The six sites agreed on which reports were true about 95 percent of the time, they said.
For the report, they examined 126,000 stories tweeted by about 3 million people more than 4.5 million times.
They found that false news stories were 70 percent more likely to be retweeted than true stories were.
Untrue stories also had more staying power, carrying onto more "cascades," or unbroken re-tweet chains, they found.
When they looked at who was spreading the wrong stuff, they found it was ordinary users of social media.
“We conclude that human behavior contributes more to the differential spread of falsity and truth than automated robots do,” they wrote.
Why retweet that post before you know whether it's actually true?
Status, Aral said. "People who share novel information are seen as being in the know,” he said.
But don't forget about the bots, argue Filippo Menczer of Indiana University and colleagues. They estimate that 60 million “bots” post automatic updates on Facebook and up to 48 million are on Twitter.
"The spreaders of fake news are using increasingly sophisticated methods," Menczer said in a statement.
Fake news sites became a viral phenomenon in 2016, but did they sway the election?
https://t.co/gQKJ7dysZW — NBC News (@NBCNews) January 15, 2018
Why do people fall for it, whether it's from a bot or a real friend?
"False news is more novel, and people are more likely to share novel information," Aral said. Plus, people like to repeat information that seems to affirm their beliefs.
“People prefer information that confirms their preexisting attitudes, view information consistent with their preexisting beliefs as more persuasive than dissonant information (confirmation bias), and are inclined to accept information that pleases them,” David Lazer of Northeastern University and colleagues wrote in an editorial.
And fact-checking can backfire, they noted. “Fact-checking might even be counterproductive under certain circumstances,” they wrote. “There is thus a risk that repeating false information, even in a fact-checking context, may increase an individual's likelihood of accepting it as true.”
They call for more high-quality research into the false news problem and what can be done about it, pointing to reforms in the early 20th century that gave rise to legitimate newspapers with ethics promoting objectivity and credibility out of the ashes of a boisterous yellow press.
HOUSTON — As Houston confronts the immediate and long-term crisis created by Hurricane Harvey, it's turning once again to an oilman.
The choice of former Shell president Marvin Odum to advise the mayor on storm recovery efforts reflects Houston's history as a Texas oil town, long before it became the nation's fourth-largest city with a sprawling mix of skyscrapers and multiethnic strip malls on the Gulf of Mexico.
Several oil companies are headquartered in Houston, and oil money helped build its downtown, its priciest neighbourhoods and its cultural centres.
One of the biggest challenges facing Odum, a native Houstonian, in his job as recovery officer will be pushing Houston away from its roots as a city that's long chosen development over conservation, paving over critical wetlands to make way for new buildings. Some advocates working on those causes wonder whether someone from the city's most powerful interest can get leaders to make better choices for the future.
“The decisions that Houston makes about how it develops in the future are going to be decisions that affect businesses, and I hope that a businessman can make those tough calls,” said Brian Zabcik, an advocate at the group Environment Texas.
Houston has flooded each of the last three years, and while Harvey caused unprecedented damage in many neighbourhoods, storms in 2015 and 2016 also displaced people and destroyed hundreds of homes. And Houston's proximity to the Gulf of Mexico, combined with the effects of climate change, make it a certainty that life-threatening weather will remain a threat.
The problem has worsened because Houston lost a third of its wetlands in the last three decades, reducing places for rainwater to settle before flooding.
In announcing Odum's appointment, Mayor Sylvester Turner acknowledged the city has to change how it develops and that it has to invest in mitigation projects that could cost billions of dollars. He said he hoped Odum would help create change and not just produce “a report” telling him what to do.
“There will be another storm. That is very, very clear,” Turner said. “The question will be whether or not we will take advantage of this moment to put us in a better position for the next storm that certainly will come.”
Turner cited Odum's experience at Shell, where he worked more than 30 years and rose to president of the Dutch conglomerate's North American operations.
Odum led Shell through a disaster of similar magnitude, the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill, when an offshore rig owned by BP exploded and killed 11 people. Millions of gallons of oil spewed into the Gulf for 87 days, destroying wildlife and disrupting the lives of thousands of people along the coast. The U.S. government ordered a moratorium on deep-water drilling in the Gulf for six months, shutting down a major element of Shell's business.
Under Odum's leadership, Shell sent its experts and equipment to help respond to the spill, said Bill Tanner, the company's former head of media relations. Shell was among the first companies to be allowed to resume deep-water drilling almost a year after the spill.
Tanner said he watched Odum meeting with several executives of rival oil companies before they testified before Congress about the spill, in a hearing carried on national television. He said he saw Odum's efforts to “bring down tensions” between the executives with a low voice.
“He brings a calming influence to otherwise chaotic situations, and he does so with a great deal of decorum and tact,” Tanner said.
Turner said Odum was preparing to start a new business venture when he called asking for help, and that Odum put aside that venture. Odum will not receive a salary in his new position. He has an office at City Hall and is already taking meetings with city departments and officials from other agencies, including John Sharp, who was appointed the state's recovery czar.
At the news conference announcing his appointment, Odum stood to Turner's side and deferred to the mayor on most questions. He declined an interview request from The Associated Press, but in written responses to questions sent by email, said he was working “nearly around the clock” already.
He says that while the city already has “very strong capabilities,” Harvey has presented challenges on a “vastly different scale.”
Odum said Houston's most immediate challenge include removing debris piled on neighbourhood lawns across the city, repairing infrastructure and making sure recovery money goes to “building a more resilient Houston that can better weather future natural disasters.”
He did not specify how the city would accomplish that. But people who have studied Houston's flood control system — a network of bayous and reservoirs that are meant to drain a city built on flat terrain — say much of it is decades old and in dire need of expansion. City and county officials have also talked about buying out homeowners in areas that are especially prone to flooding.
“These are not easy choices and it will be critical to include a broad spectrum of interests,” Odum said.
Houston and the rest of the Texas Gulf Coast are expected to receive tens of billions of dollars in federal disaster funding, with more help coming from state government and non-profit groups.
But how that money is spent and whether city officials can affect change remains to be seen.
“He knows what it takes,” said Kara Cook, toxics program director at the Texas Public Interest Research Group. “Is he going to hold his former colleagues accountable to new regulations, and to better prepare Houston for disasters?”
——
Follow Merchant on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/nomaanmerchant.
BERKELEY, Calif. (AP) - Northern California officials say they are seeking suspects involved in violent clashes over the weekend between supporters and detractors of President Donald Trump in downtown Berkeley.
City spokesman Matthai Chakko says officials will seek to arrest and prosecute anyone involved in crimes last Saturday. He says they are evaluating photographs and video of the skirmishes. Among the videos that have drawn attention is one posted online showing a man punching a female protester in the face.
Police on Monday released the names of 23 people arrested during the demonstrations.
Trump supporters announced a "Patriot Day" rally at the park featuring speeches by members of the alt-right, an amorphous fringe movement that promotes racism, anti-Semitism, misogyny and xenophobia.
Counter-demonstrators then announced a rally at the same place.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Saturday April 29th take in Pride and Passion at the Tampa Museum of Art.
The LGBT community has been synonymous with Arts and Culture in Tampa Bay and around the world. It's befitting that Pride & Passion, a signature fundraising event for the Tampa Museum of Art, features our community. It's equally befitting that the money we raise funds programs at the Museum that reduce barriers to admission, create safe places for people to experience the arts, and celebrates our local talent.
The inspiration for Pride & Passion 2017 comes from the circuses, cabarets, and vibrant performance halls frequented by 19th century artists, intellectuals and writers in Paris. With Cirque de Mascarade, the Pride & Passion mantra of “dress to impress” invites guests to add a 19th century bohemian twist to your attire.
Main Event Tickets
Main Event Tickets include heavy hors d'oeuvres, open bar, and membership to the Museum.
$100 Advance ticket | $125 At the door ticket (pending availability).
Click Here to buy your ticket to Pride & Passion.
RALEIGH, N.C. — Duke kept winning through a packed-full schedule in the opening month to become the unanimous No. 1 in the AP Top 25 .
Now that the Blue Devils have lost — along with No. 2 Kansas falling twice — don't expect the same level of agreement on who should be atop Monday's new poll.
The Blue Devils (11-1) lost at Boston College on Saturday in their Atlantic Coast Conference opener, three days after the Jayhawks lost to Washington in Kansas City, Missouri. That was part of a week that saw half of the top 10 lose at least once, including No. 5 Florida, No. 7 Texas A&M and No. 9 Notre Dame.
Duke had managed to win several close calls to start the season, but the Blue Devils couldn't repeat it against the Eagles. It was a reminder that despite all the talent — most notably Marvin Bagley III at the helm of a top-flight recruiting class — Duke needs to improve defensively and doesn't have a lot of depth as of now.
“We told them the truth when they won their first 11 games, too,” coach Mike Krzyzewski said, ‘that we were behind a few games and came back . that we're still learning. This is a very young basketball team that just happened to win and be tough in 11 games.”
KANSAS' WEEK
The Jayhawks, meanwhile, struggled to hit from outside against Washington's zone (5 of 20 from 3-point range) and allowed the Huskies to shoot 48 per cent in Wednesday's 74-65 loss — which left Jayhawks senior Devonte Graham to say simply: “We really just didn't have it tonight.”
Things didn't get any better Sunday, with No. 16 Arizona State pulling away from the Jayhawks in the second half to win 95-85 at Allen Fieldhouse.
SUN DEVILS SHINE
Speaking of Arizona State, maybe it's time to start paying closer attention to what Bobby Hurley's unbeaten bunch is doing. The Sun Devils (9-0) are off to their best start since the 1974-75 season and have a second big win to go with one against now-No. 13 Xavier on Nov. 24.
NEW NO. 1?
So after all the trouble at the top, who will rise to the No. 1 spot? No. 3 Michigan State and No. 4 Villanova each have a case.
The Spartans (9-1) suffered their only loss against Duke in the Champions Classic, but have since won the PK80 Invitational in a performance that included a dominant lockdown of reigning national champion North Carolina. Michigan State beat Rutgers and Southern Utah in the past week.
The Wildcats (10-0) earned an impressive win against No. 12 Gonzaga on Tuesday in New York, but they had to fight to the final minute Sunday to close out a La Salle team that entered at 5-5.
TRIPPED UP TWICE
Florida, No. 14 Minnesota and No. 22 Nevada each lost two games to set themselves up for a fall, though the Gators' stumbles were particularly glaring since both came at home.
Playing for the first time since blowing a 17-point second-half lead in a loss to Duke in the PK80, Florida (6-3) lost by 17 to Florida State on Monday. Two days later, the Gators led for all of 93 seconds in a 65-59 loss to Loyola Chicago. Florida salvaged a win Saturday against No. 17 Cincinnati in the Never Forget Tribute Classic in Newark, New Jersey, to avoid a four-game skid.
The Gophers (8-3) lost at Nebraska in Big Ten play, then lost at Arkansas . The Wolf Pack (8-2) lost at Texas Tech in overtime and to No. 20 TCU in the Hall of Fame Basketball Classic in Los Angeles.
START OF A COMEBACK?
Arizona's 0-3 showing at the Battle 4 Atlantis in the Bahamas made the Wildcats the first team in three decades to go from No. 2 in the AP Top 25 to unranked in a week. But Arizona has won four straight games, including Tuesday's win against Texas A&M followed by Saturday's home win against Alabama .
The Wildcats also got some good news with the season debut of sophomore Rawle Alkins after a preseason foot injury.
——
More AP college basketball: http://www.collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
——
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
It was an interesting weekend.
Several people I know contacted me surprised that I thought Alberta should step aside and let the federal government lead on the Trans Mountain dispute with British Columbia (Alberta Should Let Feds Lead on TMX Ultimatum). They were especially surprised that I thought Alberta should shelve its potential ban on crude, natural gas and petroleum product exports to B.C.
I'm a hardcore Albertan — heck, I even moved back from New York to raise my kids here — and a big fan of former Alberta Premier Peter Lougheed. The crude and natural gas export ban worked during Lougheed's epic battle over the National Energy Program in the early 1980s, they argued, so why shouldn't one work against B.C. now?
What I had to explain was things are different this time around, some of which I mentioned in last week's article, some of which I implied, and some of which I simply did not have space to discuss. It's different this time around because Kinder Morgan is facing a potentially massive civil disobedience movement — which I discussed in detail in that article, and as a result will simply brush over here — over the $7.4 billion Trans Mountain oil pipeline expansion project (TMX).
The Preserving Canada's Economic Prosperity Act, or Bill 12, would allow Alberta to implement a total or partial ban on crude and refined product exports to B.C. after May 31 if the B.C. government continues to obstruct construction of the TMX, causing short-term shortages and price spikes in B.C.
For example, analysts have forecast gasoline prices would jump above $2 per litre based on a total ban, compared to around $1.50 currently, with the Trans Mountain pipeline providing 70,000 bbls/d of light crude to the Burnaby refinery — all its crude feedstock — and 42,000 b/d of petroleum products to B.C. as a whole. Bullying tactics such as the ban — Saskatchewan has since introduced similar legislation — could easily backfire, alienating B.C. residents currently supportive of the pipeline expansion, and further radicalize its opponents, making it even less likely it will be built.
At the same time, a total or partial ban is less likely to work this time because B.C., being on the coast and neighbouring Washington State, has relatively ready access to refined products from alternative suppliers — implied in last week's article — whereas Ontario was a captive market for Alberta crude and natural gas in Lougheed's day as it was landlocked and reliant on pipelines from our province.
Based on an oil industry analysis, B.C. would be the hardest hit in the second to sixth week of a total crude and product ban, but shortages would subside as Washington State refiners sourced lost volumes from the Trans Mountain pipeline — 165,000 b/d of light crude in 2017 — from elsewhere and enterprising arbitragers found ways to profitably move petroleum products from wherever to B.C., mostly through Washington State. By the seventh week of the ban, B.C. residents would likely be paying less than 10 cents per litre more for gasoline, primarily reflecting the higher cost of transportation.
In contrast, the B.C. ban would leave Alberta with a greater amount of crude oil without pipeline capacity to move to market, and a surplus of refined products as well, leading to even lower crude and product prices for our producers and refiners, respectively.
For example, the loss of the B.C. market, representing roughly 10 per cent of Alberta's crude exports, would cause discounts for western Canadian crude to increase by as much as $10 per bbl, according to the industry analysis, as this oil would have to rely on rail — once sufficient rail capacity is available — to get it to alternate markets given insufficient pipeline capacity out of the region.
Ironically, after the initial shortages and price spikes, B.C. would have Alberta over the proverbial barrel — assuming B.C. residents are willing to bear an extra 10 cents per litre — not the other way around, as we need their market more than they need our crude and refined products.
PITTSBURGH — A hard slide by Pittsburgh pitcher Joe Musgrove led to the Pirates and Chicago Cubs emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals.
Musgrove slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning on Wednesday night. Baez was knocked off balance but did not hit the ground.
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections.
Crew chief Gerry Davis instituted a video replay review to see if Musgrove interfered with Baez. However, replay officials at Major League Baseball's central office in New York informed Davis that it was not a reviewable play.
The Pirates were angered Monday when Anthony Rizzo's slide upended catcher Elias Diaz at home plate, successfully breaking up a potential double play in the eighth inning of Chicago's 7-0 win.
The umpiring crew and replay officials ruled Rizzo did not interfere with Diaz. However, Major League Baseball executive Joe Torre informed both clubs Tuesday that Rizzo should have been called for interference for swiping Diaz's right leg.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
(AP Photo/Ben Margot). Tampa Bay Rays pitcher Nathan Eovaldi works against the Oakland Athletics during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Oakland, Calif.
(AP Photo/Ben Margot). Tampa Bay Rays pitcher Nathan Eovaldi works against the Oakland Athletics during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Oakland, Calif.
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) - Tampa Bay right-hander Nathan Eovaldi has not allowed a hit through six innings against Oakland in his first start since having a second Tommy John surgery.
Eovaldi has four strikeouts and 70 pitches. The only hitter to reach so far is Matt Chapman, who drew a one-out walk in the first inning.
Rays center fielder Johnny Field made a diving catch on a sinking liner from Mark Canha in the third. Right fielder Carlos Gomez made a similar play to take a potential hit away from Chad Pinder in the sixth.
Eovaldi last pitched in the majors on Aug. 10, 2016, for the Yankees. Nine days later, he underwent a second elbow surgery. Eovaldi also had Tommy John surgery in 2007 when he was a junior in high school.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
FRANKFORT, Ky. (AP) - The Latest on sexual assault allegations against Kentucky GOP state Rep. Dan Johnson (all times local):
4:15 p.m.
The Republican leadership of the Kentucky House of Representatives says a GOP lawmaker should resign after a woman accused him of sexually assaulting her in 2013.
A news release from the four GOP House leaders on Monday called a report released earlier in the day by the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting "compelling and deeply troubling." The report quotes Maranda Richmond as saying that Dan Johnson assaulted her in the basement of his house in the early morning hours of Jan. 1, 2013.
Johnson did not respond to a telephone message seeking comment Monday.
The leaders of the state Republican and Democratic parties have also called for Johnson to resign. Republican Gov. Matt Bevin said he has not seen the report and wanted to wait "until we get some facts" before commenting.
The Associated Press does not generally identify alleged sexual assault victims, but is doing so because Richmond has gone public.
___
2:10 p.m.
A Kentucky lawmaker who attracted national attention last year when he compared President Barack Obama and his wife to monkeys has been accused of sexual assault.
The Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting quotes Maranda Richmond as saying she has asked Louisville police to reopen an investigation of Dan Johnson.
Johnson was elected to the state legislature in 2016 - after he posted the Facebook remarks about the Obamas. He didn't respond to a voicemail Monday. Richmond says Johnson assaulted her in 2012. She says she reported it to police in 2013, but the case was closed without charges. No one at the police department responded to a telephone call seeking comment.
The Associated Press does not generally identify alleged sexual assault victims, but is doing so because Richmond has gone public.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Roger Federer returned from six months on the sidelines because of a knee injury to beat Dan Evans 6-3, 6-4 on Monday and give Switzerland a 1-0 lead over Britain at the Hopman Cup mixed teams tournament.
The 17-time major winner missed the French Open last year, ending a run of 65 consecutive Grand Slam tournaments, and hadn't played competitively since re-injuring his surgically repaired left knee at Wimbledon. But he showed no signs of rust in his 61-minute win over Evans.
"I'd like to live it again. I'm a little bit sad it's over, because it was so nice out there," Federer said of his return. "I was actually quite emotional. When I walked down, I was like, 'Oh my God, this is better than I thought it would be.'"
The 35-year-old Federer said it was the kind of feeling he missed the most while he was sidelined.
"I thought for a first match it was great, because my expectations were obviously quite low."
Belinda Benic was playing Heather Watson later Monday, aiming to give Switzerland an unbeatable lead ahead of the mixed doubles match.
France beat Germany 2-1 in the earlier Group A match, with Richard Gasquet defeating Alexander Zverev 7-5, 6-3 and combining with Kristina Mladenovic to win the deciding mixed doubles, which is being played in the Fast4 format, 4-2, 4-1. Andrea Petkovic had earlier beaten Mladenovic 6-2, 6-1 in the women's singles.
West Virginians will vote on a proposed road bond referendum Saturday.
The proposal would allow the state to sell $1.6 billion in bonds to be used for improvement and construction of state roads and bridges.
Early voting for the referendum ended on Wednesday.
The polls will open Saturday at 6:30 a.m. and will remain open until 7:30 p.m.
Click to find your polling place.
Share
University of Texas at Dallas
Outside of tattoo conventions, few people would honestly say that they enjoy getting stuck with needles. As a result, researchers have been hard at work to develop alternatives — ranging from combining all our shots into one long-lasting injection to a needle-free device which blasts drugs into the body at Mach 0.7. New research coming out of the University of Texas at Dallas adds another pain-saving option to the list: A 3D-printed dissolving microneedle array, which could offer a far less daunting alternative for the needle-phobic among us.
“Microneedles are very tiny needles that can deliver drugs and vaccines into the body through the skin,” Jeremiah Gassensmith, assistant professor of Chemistry and Biochemistry, told Digital Trends. “They're very small, so they don't hurt, which makes them desirable as a way to replace traditional syringes. We are interested in making them out of materials that get embedded in the skin and dissolve over time releasing drugs or vaccines slowly.”
Usually producing microneedles would require specialized equipment in the form of a cleanroom. The issue is that this is not something that many smaller companies have access to. “We basically found a way to cut out the multimillion-dollar clean room with a $1,000 Lulzbot,” Gassensmith explained. “We print microneedles, do some post-print processing on them to make them super-sharp, and then we show we can load small molecules into them and release them into the skin over time.”
So far, the microneedles have been tested on pig skin, where they were shown to be capable of delivering a sample dose of dye molecules beneath the skin, similar to how a drug might be delivered in the body. By applying a slight sideways force, more than 80 percent of the needles break off in the skin. They then deliver their drug payload over time as the needles dissolve — due to being made of the non-toxic polymer polylactide, the same material already used in dissolvable stitches.
“We'd love to get plastic filaments that are loaded with specific drugs that are typically only effective when administered by IV,” Gassensmith said. “Instead of getting multiple shots, your doctor would print out a therapeutic microneedle patch and mail it to you and you could apply it yourself at home. One of the great advantages of microneedles is you don't need to be trained to use them. They'd be great for deployment where formulating IV drugs would be a hassle, like in delivering vaccines to developing countries. The 3D-printing technology is ready to be commercialized right now, and we are actively working on finding candidate drugs to use for our spools.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crawley is set for heavy snow later on today, according to the latest Met Office forecast.
Last night, forecasters predicted the area would see heavy snow early this morning (December 11), though that forecast has now been revised to a chance of sleet until 10am.
The heavy snow is now expected to arrive between 11am and 2pm, when temperatures are likely to drop to just 1C.
No further snow is forecast for later in the day, though temperatures will consistently drop until they hit -1C at about 11pm.
But if you think that's cold enough - be warned - taking wind chill into account, it will feel more like -4C, -5C or even -6C throughout the day.
A yellow warning for ice has also been issued for the morning - so drivers should take extra care on unsalted roads, while pedestrians and cyclists should watch out too.
Tuesday is set to be colder but clearer, with temperatures expected to drop to 0C under very little cloud cover.
Wednesday is likely to be warmer, with temperatures hitting 8C and some rain likely.
But then, the Met Office says, it will turn colder again, with temperatures dropping down to 1C or 2C by Friday.
The shooting was reported in the 2700 block of Greenwood Ave at 2:07 p.m. (Source: Doug Druschke, WAVE 3 News)
Shawn Watts admitted to police that he drove himself and another person to the shooting scene on Greenwood Avenue on May 29. (Source: LMDC)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A man was arrested a short time after a shooting in Louisville's Parkland neighborhood.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
The shooting took place in the 2700 block of Greenwood Avenue at about 2 p.m. Tuesday. Minutes later, LMPD officers stopped a car matching the description of the one seen leaving the shooting scene.
One passenger got out of the car and ran off, but the driver, 23-year-old Shawn Watts, admitted to police that he drove himself and the other person to the scene of the shooting.
"Video evidence showed (Watts) was a willing participant in the shooting," Watts' arrest report said.
The shooting left one victim needing treatment, and several homes riddled with bullet holes.
It's not clear who the victim is, or how seriously that person's injuries are. No information was available about a motive, either.
Detectives are now looking for the person who hustled out of Watts' car. Watts is charged with assault and wanton endangerment and is being held on $100,000 bond.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Hundreds of Palestinians in Israeli jails launch hunger strike
Hundreds of Palestinians in Israeli jails launched a hunger strike Monday following a call from leader and prominent prisoner Marwan Barghouti, a movement that could mark a serious challenge to Israeli authorities if sustained.
The hunger strike was called for in connection with Palestinian Prisoners Day, observed annually, but also ahead of commemorations this summer marking 50 years since the 1967 Six Day War and the start of Israel's occupation.
Hunger strikes by Palestinian prisoners occur regularly, but rarely on such a large scale.
A series of protests were also held in Palestinian cities in connection with Prisoners Day, including one in Bethlehem that led to clashes with Israeli forces.
Barghouti's call for the strike has given it added credibility, with the 57-year-old serving five life sentences over his role in the violent second Palestinian intifada.
He is a popular figure among Palestinians, with polls suggesting he could win the Palestinian presidency.
Graffiti showing the iconic image of his cuffed hands raised above his head flashing a peace sign while being led away by Israeli authorities can be seen in the West Bank.
“Decades of experience have proved that Israel's inhumane system of colonial and military occupation aims to break the spirit of prisoners and the nation to which they belong, by inflicting suffering on their bodies, separating them from their families and communities, using humiliating measures to compel subjugation,” Barghouti wrote in a New York Times op-ed.
“In spite of such treatment, we will not surrender to it.”
Issa Qaraqe, head of prisoners affairs for the Palestinian Authority, said that “around 1,300 Palestinian prisoners” were participating in the hunger strike and the number could rise.
The Palestinian Prisoners Club NGO put the number at 1,500.
– ‘Disciplinary measures' –
Israeli prison service spokesman Assaf Librati said that some 1,100 detainees had announced their intention to begin a hunger strike across several prisons.
“The prisons service has started taking disciplinary measures against the strikers and in addition a number of prisoners have been transferred to separate wings,” he said.
“It is to be emphasised that the (prison service) does not negotiate with prisoners.”
Some 6,500 Palestinians are currently detained by Israel for a range of offences and alleged crimes.
Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas, in a statement carried by official news agency WAFA, “called on the international community to save the life of the Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails”.
Barghouti's wife Fadwa told AFP at a demonstration in Ramallah that prisoners' demands were in line with “international law and recognised as part of human rights”.
The last large-scale hunger strike was in February 2013, when 3,000 Palestinians refused to eat for one day to protest against the death of a fellow detainee.
Israel says it must be vigilant to prevent fresh eruptions of violence, particularly following a wave of knife, gun and car-ramming attacks that erupted in October 2015.
The violence has greatly subsided in recent months.
While many Palestinians view Barghouti as a hero, Israelis point to the bloody suicide attacks of the second intifada and his role in the uprising.
– 6,500 jailed –
For Palestinians, the prisons have become a stark symbol of Israel's occupation.
Those on hunger strike have issued a list of demands, including access to phones, extended visiting rights and better medical service.
Israeli public radio reported that Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan has ordered intervention units to be put on standby and that a field hospital be set up outside one prison to avoid having to take sick prisoners to civilian hospitals.
It quoted Erdan as saying that the demands regarding prisoners' conditions were unreasonable.
Some Israeli analysts have sought to highlight the rivalry between Barghouti and Abbas within their Fatah party, suggesting his call for a hunger strike was also related to internal politics.
Abbas made no mention of Barghouti in his statement on WAFA.
Talk of who will succeed Abbas has intensified, but the 82-year-old has shown no sign of stepping down and a recent Fatah congress saw him shore up his base of support and sideline rivals.
He has not publicly designated a successor.
Of the 6,500 Palestinian detainees, 62 are women and 300 are minors. Some 500 are held under administrative detention, which allows for imprisonment without charges or trial.
Thirteen Palestinian lawmakers are also among the detainees.
Israeli-Palestinian peace efforts have been at a standstill since a US-led initiative collapsed three years ago.
This post was syndicated from Breaking News, Nigeria News and World News – The Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
I suppose you have all read about the emerging “trade war” between British Columbia and Alberta over the proposed expansion of the Kinder Morgan Trans Mountain oil pipeline between Sherwood Park and Burnaby. This week B.C. premier John Horgan suggested that his province could delay construction of the new pipe, which parallels an existing route, while a “scientific panel” yet to be created studies the unique risks of a spill of diluted bitumen — the form in which hydrocarbons from the Alberta oilsands are shipped to refineries as a liquid.
The Trans Mountain expansion has already been reviewed by the federal government's National Energy Board and approved. The NEB was fully aware of, and accounted for, the presence of “dilbit” in the product mix to be pushed through the pipeline. Trans Mountain is actually used for many different kinds of stuff: a load of semi-refined dilbit can be followed, down the same pipe, by highly refined aviation fuel that more or less goes directly from the western terminal to the Vancouver airport.
No one has any known concerns with the risk of a jet-fuel leak in the outer Vancouver suburbs
No one has any known concerns with the risk of a jet-fuel leak in the outer Vancouver suburbs. Those 14-hour flights to Hong Kong aren't run on hamster-wheel power, you know. The B.C. government is happy to let ultra-volatile liquids pass over sacred soil if they are for locally convenient uses. For stuff that Alberta wants to sell to foreign markets for its own benefit, one ounce is one ounce too many.
The special concern with dilbit is a pseudoscientific contrivance designed to allow Horgan to meet, or at least take a step toward, his loud campaign promises to thwart Trans Mountain. Now, even if you don't believe that, you can understand that Horgan is threatening to conjure an all-new improvised layer of environmental regulation here. Even if you are convinced that it was spilled dilbit that killed Tasha Yar in “Skin of Evil,” you can see the unfairness of Horgan imagineering an infinite regress of scientific panels — each one surely more scientific than the last! — to injure a neighbour's economy for his own electoral welfare.
The truth, however, is that B.C.'s New Democratic premier knows the hand-wringing about dilbit is B.S. And so does Alberta's New Democratic premier. And so does just about everybody in Alberta. Yes, we Albertans have been busy this week preparing for border war: there is so much to do, what with the need to make propaganda posters, train commandos for mountain-pass warfare, dig victory gardens, and re-label all the Nanaimo bars “Liberty squares.”
Sadly, it probably won't come down to shooting war, but will remain in the crystal blue elysium of political manoeuvring
Sadly, it probably won't come down to a shooting war, but will remain in the crystal blue elysium of political manoeuvring. If it did come to a fight, Alberta would have a pretty big fifth column operating on its behalf across the legal border. I have a running joke with friends that I have occasionally referred to in print: it's the idea that there exists a “Greater Alberta” that includes sizable parts of Saskatchewan and, in particular, B.C.
The so-called Peace River block that spans the border is one economic unit, and people at its western end, jealous of having ended up on the wrong side of a discontinuity in taxation, have actually agitated in the past for secession from British Columbia. And, as many have pointed out in the feverish climate of interprovincial hostility, the jagged southeast corner of B.C. has significant transmontane cultural and economic ties, too. It looks, on a flat map, like it ought to “belong” to Alberta. (In real-world topography, on the other hand, the Continental Divide is definitely a thing that it is hard not to notice.)
In short, almost everybody is now making my “Greater Alberta” semi-sorta-kinda-joke. But this is not really a Greater Alberta thing. At almost every point of the compass, that B.C. map is full of resource employees who are watching with distaste as their NDP government acts like an NDP government. This is surely a real moral advantage for Alberta in the grand struggle — but, remember, there are genuine practical gains for Horgan from his theatrical eco-rectitude: right now the motivating passion of his life, from dawn to dusk, is to persuade Green voters to turn orange.
The Ottawa-defying playbook that Horgan is following was written in Alberta long ago
Meanwhile, Alberta's position is perhaps not without weaknesses. Albertans can be heard appealing this week to the Prime Minister, fella name of Trudeau, and to the federal government as the proper constitutional arbiter for large infrastructure projects that cross provincial borders. I can only add that it is kind of funny the friends you see folks try to make if you live long enough.
The Ottawa-defying playbook that Horgan is following was written in Alberta long ago. This battle is not really a “trade war” per se: the economic benefit that the pipeline expansion will provide directly to B.C. is a microscopic fraction of what better access to tidewater would do for the realized earnings from Alberta oil. Alberta is not, in essence, asking B.C. to participate in a mutually beneficial exchange: it is just asking it to behave as though we all live in a federation.
This means that for Alberta's government to try devising economic sanctions against B.C. will just be an exercise in cutting off a nose to spite a face. Alberta, alas, has nothing to hold over B.C. that can compare to a coastline.
National Post
ccosh@nationalpost.com
Twitter.com/ColbyCosh
Share
The Galaxy S8 might not boast the iPhone's fancy dual-sensor setup, but its 12MP camera is nothing to shake a stick at. It ranks third on camera benchmarking site DxOMark's list of top-ranking smartphone cameras, the second-highest score ever achieved by an Android phone. In our testing, the Galaxy S8, manage to capture clear, color-accurate shots pretty consistently.
That said, taking exceptional photos with the Galaxy S8 isn't as easy as whipping it out of your pocket and hitting the shutter button. It's worth learning a thing or two about close-ups, wide shots, high dynamic range (HDR), and filters. Once you master the basics, you'll be well on your way to producing DSLR-quality snaps with the Galaxy S8's camera.
Here are a few Samsung Galaxy S8 camera tips and tricks that'll help you make the most of the the phone's camera.
How to quickly zoom in and out, or take a burst shot
Zooming in with a smartphone camera can be a two-handed pain in the rear, but the Galaxy S8's app makes it easy. When you want to enlarge a portion of the frame, tap and drag the shutter button to the right — it'll turn into a horizontal slider that shows the current zoom level.
Quickly capturing a burst shot with the Galaxy S8 is even easier. Just tap and hold the shutter button, and that's it — you'll find the photos in your gallery.
How to use the Galaxy S8's camera modes
The Galaxy S8's camera app is a little overwhelming, at first glance, but Samsung has made an effort to trim the fat. A swipe left pulls up a wealth of different modes, including Auto, Pro, Panorama, Selective motion, Hyperlapse, Food, and virtual shot.
Here's what each of them does:
Auto:
Auto, the Galaxy S8's default shooting mode, handles everything for you. It's a point-and-shoot affair.
Pro:
If you know your way around a camera and want to make the most of the Galaxy S8's snapper, Pro mode will suit you fine. It puts settings like the ISO, aperture, IRIS setting, autofocus, white balance, and exposure at your fingertips. One of the most useful is manual focus mode, which draws green lines in the viewfinder over the object that's in focus.
Panorama:
The Galaxy S8's panorama mode stitches multiple shots together into a single, ultra-wide photo.
Selective focus:
Selective focus, a feature introduced on the Galaxy S5, snaps multiple photos consecutively with varying focus. The end result is a photo with an adjustable focus level; you can swap focus between objects in the foreground or background.
Slow motion:
The Galaxy S8's slow motion mode captures videos at a higher-than-normal frame rate (240 fps compared to 30 fps or 60 fps), which has the effect of making things seem “slower” when played back at normal speeds. You'll have to settle for a lower resolution than normal-speed video — Slow Motion mode maxes out at 720p — but the effect is worth the sacrifice.
Hyperlapse:
Hyperlapse lets you create time lapse videos, or clips that compress hours of footage into a few sped-up, super-fast minutes. Samsung says it's smart enough to adjust to what you're recording automatically.
Food:
Food mode is optimized for pictures of delicious grub, as you might expect. Activate it, and you'll get enhanced color, contrast, and blur effects that make everything fancy. A handy tip: Moving the circle in the viewfinder adjusts the level of background blur.
Virtual shot:
Virtual shot isn't the most useful mode in the Galaxy S8's arsenal, but the effect's neat. Basically, you move the camera in a circular motion around an object as your phone snaps pics. Then the Galaxy S8 stitches photos together in an animated file.
How to apply filters, effects, and overlays
There's more to the Galaxy S8's camera app than shooting modes. Swiping to the right of the Galaxy S8's camera menu brings up the filters, effects, and overlays section. It's a lot to unpack.
Filters
are akin to color palettes: They tweak the lighting, brightness, and contrast of your photo to match a certain style. There's an Auto filter that corrects for lighting conditions, plus colors like “Cream,” “Deep,” “Forest,” “Classic,” “Cosy,” “Memory,” “and “Maple.”
Tap the bear-shaped icon to access the effects menu, which consists of Instagram-style filters and stickers that lay atop your photos (think stylized titles like “Best friend,” “Cool,” “Enjoy,” and “Happy Anniversary”).
Overlays
, which occupy the same menu, are like Snapchat Lenses. They're digital masks, bunny ears, sunglasses, tiaras, and party hats that sit atop people's faces. It's like augmented reality, but without the need for a third-party app – they're built right into the Galaxy S8's camera app.
If you're not happy with the default selection of filters, effects, and overlays, you can download additional stamps, face masks, and more from Samsung's Galaxy Apps store. Note that not all are free, though — you'll have to shell out cash for some of them.
How to use your voice, palm, or face to capture a photo
If snapping pictures with the shutter button is starting to feel old hat, good news: The Galaxy S8 lets you trigger a photo with voice commands, palm gestures, or even your face.
To enable voice controls, head over to the camera app's settings menu and tap the Voice control. There isn't much in the way of customization, here, but you can trigger a photo by shouting words like “smile” and “cheese.” Saying “record video” switches the camera to video mode.
Alternatively, you can use a finger. When the front-facing camera's active, placing your finger over the heart rate sensor on the back of the Galaxy S8 (opposite the side of the camera module) snaps a shot. It's not always consistent, but it's easier than trying to tap the shutter button one-handed.
Holding out your palm works, too. With the camera in selfie mode, hold out your palm when you're framing the shot. The Galaxy S8 will automatically set a short countdown timer to take a photo.
How to take the perfect selfie
If you're not entirely pleased with the way your selfie turned out, the Galaxy S8's camera app can help you tweak it.
Swipe down anywhere in the frame to switch between the Galaxy S8's front camera and rear camera. Then swipe to the left to get several different shooting modes: Selfie, the default; wide selfie, a wider-angle mode that makes it easier to fit a multiple people in the frame; and selective focus, which blurs out your photo's background.
There's more than angle adjustment, here. Tap the brush-shaped icon when the Galaxy S8's in selfie mode and you'll get options to tweak your skin tone, face and eye shape, and backlighting. Once you settle on the right combination of settings, snapping a selfie's as easy as hitting the shutter button.
How to add shortcuts to the home screen
Tired of having to switch to a different mode every time you launch the Galaxy S8's camera app? Good news: The Galaxy S8's shortcuts feature lets you pin frequently used modes to the home screen.
Once you've selected the mode you want, tap the three-dot menu in the upper right-hand corner and hit Add shortcut to home screen. Select your favorite modes, and that's it — you'll see them on your home screen, where you can rearrange them just like app shortcuts.
How to use the floating camera button
Having trouble reaching the Galaxy S8's shutter button while you're trying to capture the perfect shot? Not to worry — just like Samsung's Galaxy S7 and Galaxy A5, the Galaxy S8 lets you move the shutter button to a more convenient screen location.
First, though, you'll have to enable it in the settings menu. Head to the Galaxy S8 camera app's Settings and tap the Floating Camera button. Then, it's as easy as pressing and drag on the shutter button with a free finger to a spot that's easier to tap.
How to fine-tune the camera app's settings
There's a lot more to the Galaxy S8's camera app beneath its colorful icons and animated graphics. Dive into the settings menu, and you'll see options to tweak the video resolution, preview pictures before you save them, and more.
Here's everything you can do:
Video and picture size:
From the camera app's settings menu you can change picture size and video size. In terms of the former, you have the choice of 12MP all the way down to 1:1. When it comes to the latter, the Galaxy S8 can shoot up to Ultra HD (3,840 x 2,160 pixels).
Tracking AF and shape correction:
Not every picture's perfect, which is where tracking AF and shape correction come in. Tracking AF focuses on and tracks a subject you selected on the preview screen. Shape correction, meanwhile, reduces distortion at the corners of the S8's screen at the cost of resolution.
Save pictures as previewed:
By default, the Galaxy S8's selfie camera flips saved images to show you how you really look. Flipping the toggle shows the true photos, instead.
Timer:
You can trigger the Galaxy S8 to take a photo after a few seconds.
Motion photo:
Motion photo is the Galaxy S8's version of the iPhone 7's Live Photos. Toggle the setting, and you'll get a short video clip of what happens before each picture was taken.
Quick launch:
Enable quick launch to open the camera by quickly pressing the power button.
How to edit your photos to your heart's content
The Galaxy S8 packs more than a powerful camera app. Once you've snapped a few shots, switch over to Samsung's photo-editing tools by launching the Gallery and tapping the Edit button.
Here's what you can do:
Transform:
Transform lets you rotate, flip, mirror, and crop a photo.
Tone:
Tone packs brightness, exposure, contrast, saturation, hue, and white balance adjustment tools.
Advanced:
Advanced lets you run wild with a photo's tone curve, color, and backlight. It's a little tricky to get the hang of, but affords you the most freedom.
Effects:
Effect puts all of the Galaxy S8 camera app's effects in one place, which is useful if you forget to apply an effect before you snap a photo.
Decoration:
Decoration lets you overlay things on a photo — you can add images, stickers, labels, and covers, or doodles with your finger.
Following bipartisan criticism of his response to the unrest in Charlottesville, Virginia, the president publicly condemned white supremacists and other hate groups by name for the first time since violence broke out.
“Racism is evil,” Trump said on Monday. "Those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the [Ku Klux Klan], neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
“As I said on Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence. It has no place in America,” Trump added.
Trump condemned the specific hate groups two days after a rally organized by white supremacists in Charlottesville turned deadly. Heather Heyer, 32, died after a man intentionally drove into a crowd of counter-protesters and 35 more people were injured. James Alex Fields Jr., an alleged Nazi sympathizer, has been charged with second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count related to leaving the scene.
But while Trump addressed the situation in Charlottesville during a briefing on Saturday, calling for “the swift restoration of law,” he failed to mention the hate groups by name, instead condemning "violence on many sides."
Susan Bro, Heyer's mother, thanked the president for his words of “comfort and for denouncing those who promote violence and hatred” after his address on Monday.
A significant number of lawmakers criticized Trump's delay in condemning those groups.
"It shouldn't take the President of the United States two days to summon the basic decency to condemn murder and violence by Nazis and white supremacists," House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement.
“If the President is sincere about rejecting white supremacists, he should remove all doubt by firing Steve Bannon and the other alt-right white supremacist sympathizers in the White House,” Pelosi added.
Sen. Lindsey Graham kept his response short, tweeting, “Well done Mr. President,” following Trump's comments on Monday.
A spokesperson for Sen. James Lankford, R-Okla., said the senator “applauds the president for clearly communicating the evilness of racism and clearly calling out the KKK, neo-Nazis, and white supremacists.”
But Sen. Kamala Harris, D-Calif., criticized Trump's initial response and delay in condemning the specific groups involved.
It's easy to tweet that hate has no place in America. — Kamala Harris (@SenKamalaHarris) August 14, 2017
Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va. and the state's former governor, took on a different stance, telling MSNBC that Trump “sounded presidential” but he “wished he would have said those words on Saturday.”
"But I will give the president the benefit today. He said those words and now, we have to make sure his Department of Justice acts on those words. We fully pursue not only this one individual [James Alex Fields Jr.] ... but the DOJ will also go after these hate groups across the country because they'll be back," Warner told MSNBC.
Rep. Jackie Speier, D-Calif., said she found it puzzling how Trump “didn't hesitate to attack” Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier over his resignation but “balks at calling out avowed white supremacists” for what they stand for.
Trump has accused Frazier of focusing on “lower rip-off drug prices” on Monday, just hours after Frazier resigned from the president's American Manufacturing Council in what he described as a stand “against intolerance and extremism.”
Odd how @POTUS doesn't hesitate for a second to attack CEO of #Merck, yet balks at calling out avowed white supremacists for what they are. — Jackie Speier (@RepSpeier) August 14, 2017
Rep. Don Beyer, D-Va., criticized the president shortly after his speech on Twitter: “Donald Trump's decision to support Arpaio *during* the Charlottesville crisis, as he refused to condemn white supremacy, speaks volumes.”
Donald Trump's decision to support Arpaio *during* the Charlottesville crisis, as he refused to condemn white supremacy, speaks volumes. 4/4 — Rep. Don Beyer (@RepDonBeyer) August 14, 2017
Beyer is referencing Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who was found guilty of criminal contempt for refusing a state judge's order to stop targeting people he believed were undocumented immigrants during traffic patrols. The president told Fox News Sunday that he is “seriously considering” a pardon for the sheriff.
Beyer also pointed out that it took two full days of bipartisan criticism and “pleading by aides” as well as senior officials like Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster, Attorney General Jeff Sessions and his own daughter, Ivanka, for Trump to “issue this basic condemnation.”
Donald Trump's decision to support Arpaio *during* the Charlottesville crisis, as he refused to condemn white supremacy, speaks volumes. 4/4 — Rep. Don Beyer (@RepDonBeyer) August 14, 2017
Rep. Mike Quigley, D-Illinois, said while he was pleased Trump "had finally identified this hate," he added that such comments should have come 47 hours ago and that “words only mean so much.” Quigley added that America was “watching and waiting.”
It's never too late to do the right thing. Public denouncement should've come 47 hrs ago, but I'm pleased Trump finally identified this hate — Mike Quigley (@RepMikeQuigley) August 14, 2017
However, words only mean so much. They must be put into practice every single day through actions. American people are watching & waiting. — Mike Quigley (@RepMikeQuigley) August 14, 2017
Sen. Angus King, an independent from Maine, said he hoped Trump's words “would begin to unite what white supremacists and bigotry in VA aimed to divide.”
Racism in all forms is wrong. Let's hope the President's words begin to unite what white supremacists and bigotry in VA aimed to divide. — Senator Angus King (@SenAngusKing) August 14, 2017
Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., also responded to the president's brief remarks, calling it “inexcusable” that Trump waiting so long.
"Denouncing white supremacists, KKK, & neo-Nazis should have been instinctive & instant. Trump's failure shows lack of moral leadership,” Blumenthal said in his first tweet, adding “delay greatly dilutes the message.”
Denouncing white supremacists, KKK, & neo-Nazis should have been instinctive & instant. Trump's failure shows lack of moral leadership. — Richard Blumenthal (@SenBlumenthal) August 14, 2017
Waiting 2 days to condemn hate groups and racism is inexcusable. Delay greatly dilutes the message. — Richard Blumenthal (@SenBlumenthal) August 14, 2017
Chair of the Democratic National Committee Tom Perez also criticized Trump's delay, writing: “History won't forget that when the streets of Charlottesville echoed with evil, Donald Trump responded with silence.”
History won't forget that when the streets of Charlottesville echoed with evil, Donald Trump responded with silence. — Tom Perez (@TomPerez) August 14, 2017
For his part, Rep. David Cicilline, D-Rhode Island, tweeted: “It shouldn't take 72 hours for the President to condemn Nazis marching in the street.”
Getty Image
The Philadelphia 76ers are moving on to the second round of the 2018 NBA Playoffs after a five-game series victory over the Miami Heat. While there were many tense and entertaining moments throughout the series (including the return of Meek Mill to Philadelphia), the Sixers clearly emerged as the better team. This manifested in a 13-point Game 5 victory that featured big nights from J.J. Redick, Ben Simmons and, of course, Joel Embiid.
To celebrate the wild night in the City of Brotherly Love, Embiid met up with comedian Kevin Hart following the game. Their celebration included the 7-footer picking up the entertainer like he was a child.
Have you ever had an idea for an app? I have one, and I wish I could just start and build it. But I am not an app developer. Also, I would need a backend for it. So, it will be a bigger project – a long one and a cost-intensive one. Planning it right will be very important for its success, and also having the right resources available, the right developer team. Well, I am working on it.
As said, building an app does not happen from today to tomorrow. It is a long process. It is also not only about “building” the app. You need to make sure the market for it is there, you need to think about how you want to monetise it. What will your go-to-market strategy look like? Which OS do you want to start with? What should the design look like? How to make sure it is user-friendly?
There are tons of questions which need to be answered before creating an app. But, there is help! The infographic below shows you the basics for app development. It will:
Read the entire article here, What you need to know before building an app – LittleMsMobile
via LittleMsMobile
“Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.”
Even as a jittery, tiny projection, Princess Leia is a commanding presence. She's one of the most powerful figures in her galaxy — and one of the most iconic characters in our galaxy. This is how she went from secret baby to General Organa. (Many Bothans died to bring us this information.)
The ITV audience were confused with the finale of the Sarah Parish cop drama
The first series of ITV police drama Bancroft came to a close last night where viewers were gifted a twist: murderous detective constable Elizabeth Bancroft (Sarah Parish) had not been in love with Laura Fraser's dull husband Tim, but Laura herself. Turns out the two women had enjoyed a fling before Laura ditched Bancroft after becoming pregnant.
Advertisement
But that wasn't all: in the finale, Bancroft shot Detective Sergeant Katherine Stevens, the only one who suspected the rogue copper.
At the episode's close, Stevens lay in a coma while Bancroft had been promoted, before discovering that Tim Fraser was her son's father. Well, at least that's what she told police, anyway.
Were viewers impressed by the barrage of twists? Not exactly…
I hope I am not the only one who feels robbed of a decent ending? Waste of four nights! #Bancroft — Victoria (@Viccit098) December 14, 2017
#Bancroft can't believe it ended like that I feel I have been robbed and I can never get back them 4 days i wasted not good at all!!!! pic.twitter.com/tagwYgOKna — gemma harford (@GemmaAldam) December 15, 2017
Why? Many said the show felt unfinished with too many unanswered questions…
What was that ending? That was not an ending?! What the hell? #BANCROFT #bancroft #confused — Laura Denton (@aprilprincessL) December 14, 2017
Totes confused at ending of #Bancroft I thought this was a complete story….wheres the satisfactory ending??? #robbed #findthecamera — Bev Wright (@fizzyfroggy) December 14, 2017
Really not satisfied with that ending… so many unanswered questions & in finished cases! Probably because they want series 2 in 2 years time🙄 #Bancroft pic.twitter.com/mU8yDsSJP8 — owen (@ItsOwenChild) December 14, 2017
Can I please have ONE drama that just leaves it at one series with a full conclusion!? 😤😒 #Bancroft — Amy Hartman 🏳️‍🌈 (@Amyyh18) December 14, 2017
Advertisement
And others were disappointed that the titular tyrant cop didn't get her comeuppance…
So that's it? She gets away with it? Surely not, there's got to be a second series 🤔 #bancroft pic.twitter.com/qFgfbxZtEY — rach ✨ (@rachabeth) December 15, 2017
WASHINGTON — Congressional Democrats — Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and potential 2020 presidential contender Elizabeth Warren among them — along with the Democratic National Committee are starting to give charities thousands of dollars in donations they had received from the disgraced Hollywood titan Harvey Weinstein.
Weinstein and his family have given more than $1.4 million in political contributions since the 1992 election cycle, nearly all of it to Democratic lawmakers, candidates and their allies, according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics.
The party's effort to separate itself from the 65-year-old film executive came after The New York Times reported that he has settled sexual harassment lawsuits with at least eight women.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Harvey Weinstein takes leave of absence amid sex harassment allegations 0:57 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Weinstein's contributions are tiny compared to the biggest political donors, not even placing him among the top 100 funders. But he's been a fixture among Democratic supporters for decades, making the revelations especially embarrassing for a party that touts itself as pushing progressive policies for women.
The biggest recipients of Weinstein's largesse were the Democratic National Committee, the party's senatorial and House campaign committees, and Hillary Clinton, the party's 2016 presidential candidate and former senator, the Center's data showed.
The DNC says it will give "over $30,000" of Weinstein's donations last year to Emily's List, Emerge America and Higher Heights.
The GOP jumped on the episode, happy to force Democrats to return the funds or associate themselves with Weinstein.
"Returning this dirty money should be a no-brainer," said Republican Party Chair Ronna McDaniel.
Schumer, D-N.Y., is donating thousands of dollars to several charities supporting women, said spokesman Matt House.
Warren spokeswoman Kristen Orthman said the senator is giving $5,000 to Casa Myrna, Boston's largest provider of services to domestic violence victims.
Another possible presidential contender, Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y., will not accept any future Weinstein contributions, said senior adviser Glen Caplin. He said Gillibrand will donate $11,800 to RAINN, an organization that helps survivors of sexual violence.
"Kirsten invites the right-wing activists using this terrible story as a political tool to join her in actually working to combat sexual assault and sexual harassment in our society," Caplin said.
Other Democratic recipients of Weinstein contributions who say they're donating to charitable groups include Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey — another possible presidential hopeful — as well as Sens. Al Franken of Minnesota, Martin Heinrich of New Mexico and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut.
Demands to return campaign dollars are a staple of Washington politics practiced by both parties.
Republicans pressured Democratic candidates in 2011 to return donations from former Rep. Anthony Weiner, D-N.Y., who had resigned when his lewd online behavior became public.
Democrats did the same after former House Speaker Dennis Hastert, R-Ill., was sentenced to prison last year in a hush-money case that stemmed from decades-old sexual abuse during his years as a wrestling coach.
The report on Weinstein came almost exactly a year after the election-campaign release of audio from 2005 in which now-President Donald Trump made offensive, lewd comments about women.
Staff Report
NEWBERRY — Newberry College will host “Lost and Found,” a one-woman theatrical performance that explores the societal taboos surrounding infertility and miscarriage.
The solo show features Adanma Onyedike Barton, a faculty guest artist from Berea College. Barton takes to the Newberry College stage on April 19, at 7 p.m., in Wiles Theatre. Her performance teaches audiences about women's reproductive health while also providing the audience with a chance to respond.
When the 45-minute production concludes, the audience is invited to remain for a panel discussion featuring Barton, a reproductive health counselor and a physician specializing in reproductive health.
During her sabbatical from Berea College for the 2016-2017 academic year, Barton created her solo play, “Lost and Found,” as a means of engaging audiences in an exploration of the uniquely personal issues surrounding women's reproductive health.
“So many women suffer in silence,” Barton said. “It is my hope that this production gives women the opportunity to speak up and speak out.”
Since February, Barton has been touring her production and teaching a solo performance workshops at colleges and universities throughout the county. She joined the faculty of Kentucky-based Berea College in 2009, where she serves as an associate professor of Theatre.
“When I arrived at Berea College, I began teaching my students that Theatre can be used as a tool to promote conversation and social change,” Barton said.” I developed a course titled, ‘Feminist Solo Performance,' that helps students explore various methods of storytelling that have enhanced perspectives on issues pertaining to women.”
Adanma Onyedike Barton http://newberryobserver.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Adanma-Onyedike-Barton.jpg Adanma Onyedike Barton Courtesy photos http://newberryobserver.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_posterjpg-legal-size.jpg Courtesy photos
RALEIGH, N.C. — Jurors in North Carolina are getting a round-up of testimony in a lawsuit filed by more than 500 neighbours of an industrial-scale swine operation.
The plaintiffs contend that open-air cesspools inflict them with intense, putrid smells that can't be removed from clothing or household fabrics for years.
Lawyers for Virginia-based Smithfield Foods maintain that the smells, traffic and noise don't hurt the neighbours' ability to enjoy their own property.
The jury has heard three weeks of testimony. This is the first of a series of test cases against the low-cost, high-volume methods of hog-production division used by the Chinese-owned company.
Lawyers for the neighbours say alternative methods don't cause such a nuisance, but the company uses open-air cesspools because they're cheap.
A "Celebration of Life" was held on Wednesday to remember the three women -- Dr. Jennifer Gray Golick, Christine Loeber and Dr. Jennifer Gonzales Shushereba -- who died at a veterans center in Yountville. At the memorial, Yountville Mayor John Dunbar said the three victims had an "unwavering commitment to helping others."
CORAL SPRINGS, Fla. — Authorities say a Florida police officer has shot and wounded a teen who had been involved in a drug-related shootout with other people.
Coral Springs Police Sgt. Carla Kmiotek tells The Sun Sentinel that the shooting occurred early Wednesday morning.
Kmiotek says officers responded to reports of gunfire between two cars. She says an officer spotted one of the cars involved in the shooting and chased it. The fleeing car eventually crashed.
Police say officers repeatedly told the driver to get on the ground, but the 17-year-old driver pointed a handgun at one officer, who fired several times and struck the teen once in each leg.
The teen faces several charges, including aggravated assault with a firearm on a law enforcement officer.
The races of the suspect and officer weren't immediately released.
——
Information from: Sun Sentinel , http://www.sun-sentinel.com/
The annual "12 Days of Christmas" hosted by Owensboro Transit System starts Monday.
This program allows for free bus rides until Dec. 23. While fares can range from 50 cents to $1 per trip, Owensboro Transit System tries to encourage more people to ride during the Christmas season.
Many community members take advantage of the free rides. Some are thankful the buses are free during the holiday season, causing less stress around money.
"I'm always on a budget for everything," Marie Roberts, a bus passenger, explained. "And so of course with Christmas I always go a little over budget. So that kinda makes up for when I do go over budget."
Roberts says riding the Owensboro bus is the hidden gem of the city and hopes more people take advantage of it
"I would love to see more people ride the bus even if they don't have to," Roberts said. "It is a good way to save money. It's a good way to protect the environment."
The buses run every weekday from 6 a.m. till 7 p.m. and Saturday from 8 a.m. till 4 p.m. If you would like to know more information about the Owensboro Transit System such as routes and times, visit their website.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
John Martellaro and Bryan Chaffin join Jeff Gamet to share their thoughts on Apple's 2018 first fiscal quarter earnings report, along with iPhone and iPad sales.
TDO 2018-02-02: Apple Q1 2018 Earnings Report John Martellaro and Bryan Chaffin join Jeff Gamet to share their thoughts on Apple's 2018 first fiscal quarter earnings report, along with iPhone and iPad sales.
By Nick Carey
(Reuters) - The top U.S. rail regulator has asked major railroads for information on service levels before meeting disgruntled shippers and other customers over complaints about service delays and higher costs.
In letters to the chief executive officers of the railroads dated March 16 that were posted on the U.S. Surface Transportation Board's (STB) website on Monday, the regulator requested locomotive and employee numbers, and asked whether the railroads have sufficient numbers of each to meet demand.
The STB said last week it would start meeting with customers next month, signaling the agency could be open to new paths to relieve shipper pain.
The letter signed by STB acting chairman Ann Begeman and vice chairman Deb Miller cites the regulator's "increasing concerns regarding service across the rail network," and asks for a service outlook for the near term and for 2018.
"Please discuss your expectations for service demand in 2018, ability to serve this demand, and whether internal projections for demand in 2018 have been accurate based on actual volumes year-to-date," the letters said, among other requests.
The letters were sent to the CEOs of Union Pacific Corp , Warren Buffett's BNSF Railway Co , CSX Corp . Norfolk Southern Corp and Kansas City Southern . They were also sent to the CEOs of Canada's two major railroads, Canadian National Railway Co and Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd , which have significant U.S. operations.
Representatives of these railroads did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The STB's last major public hearing was in October and focused on service issues at No. 3 U.S. railroad CSX.
As U.S. economic growth has revved up, railroads and truck fleets have not expanded capacity to keep pace - a decision applauded by Wall Street.
The drive for cost cuts and higher margins at U.S. trucking and railroad operators is pinching their biggest customers, forcing the likes of General Mills Inc and Hormel Foods Corp to spend more on deliveries and consider raising their own prices as a way to pass along the costs.
(Reporting By Nick Carey; editing by Grant McCool)
BRUSSELS (AP) — The eurozone economy may be enjoying its best growth in a decade but there are few signs that's fueling inflation.
In fact, figures Wednesday from the European Union's statistics agency show annual consumer price inflation across the 19-country bloc fell to 1.3 percent in January from the previous month's 1.4 percent.
The January rate is the lowest since July and suggests the rising euro has weighed on prices by lowering import costs.
Inflation has been below the European Central Bank's target of just under 2 percent for most of the past few years. While low inflation is good for consumers, it can also be a sign of a weak economy.
The core rate, which strips out volatile items like food and energy, did rise to 1 percent from 0.9 percent.
TRENDING: Nigerians react to Saraki's victory at CCT
Many Nigerians expressed their views on Twitter and other social media.
The post TRENDING: Nigerians react to Saraki's victory at CCT appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Floyd Mayweather to the UFC?
Possibly sooner than you think. Mayweather told TMZ he is planning to apply for a license that will allow him to compete in mixed martial arts, with the goal of making his UFC debut some point in the near future.
“Everything takes time. Eventually, we're gonna apply for the license, and hopefully we can fight,” Mayweather said.
Mayweather added that the process could take six to eight months for him to be ready for his debut. He's planning to train with UFC welterweight champion Tyron Woodley.
“Floyd Mayweather is interested in taking an MMA bout, maybe a few of 'em,” Woodley said on The Hollywood Beatdown. “So, who better than The Chosen One to teach him the ropes on how we get off the ropes and get in the cage?”
UFC's President Dana White has spoken to Mayweather in the past about potentially fighting in the octagon. White knows even if he was able to get two fights out of Mayweather it would generate a lot of money.
Given his amateur status in the discipline, it seems unlikely the UFC would immediately have Mayweather fight McGregor, who is the sport's top star and arguably the best pound-for-pound fighter on the planet. Then again, stranger things have happened before like a novice UFC fighter getting his first boxing fight against a 49-0 opponent.
Share
D-Link has released three new affordable smart home security cameras: the HD-WiFi Camera, Full HD Wi-Fi Camera, and Full HD Pan & Tilt Wi-Fi Camera, priced at $60, $90, and $100, respectively.
These HD cameras provide some updates on the company's current security camera lineup, introducing advanced features such as third-party integration with Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant, and IFTTT, as well as the option of recording video directly to the cloud.
The HD Wi-Fi Camera records HD footage, and while there is a built-in microphone for recording sound, it does not offer two-way audio. With a 120-degree field of view, users can see most of any room they are in.
The Full HD Wi-Fi Camera records HD footage in 1080p, and also offers two-way audio. A 137-degree field of view also gives users a slightly wider angle over the more affordable model.
Like the previous model, the Full HD Pan & Tile Wi-Fi Camera also offers 1080p HD video and two-way audio. On top of that, the camera introduces the ability to pan 340 degrees and tilt 110 degrees, allowing users to see pretty much any angle.
All the cameras feature built-in sound and motion detectors, 16 feet of night vision, and options to record video locally or to the cloud. Local recording is free on a MicroSD card, and cloud recording comes with a few different subscription tiers. All three cameras support Google Assistant, Amazon Alexa, and IFTTT integration capabilities.
“D-Link takes pride in offering a camera lineup that has something for everyone, from low-end, entry-level price points all the way up to higher-end home monitoring solutions with advanced features,” said Oscar Reyes, vice president of marketing for D-Link Systems. “We are also excited to launch a brand-new mydlink app with affordable cloud recording options to support these cameras and ensure a more seamless connected home experience.”
With the release of three new cameras, D-Link also announced a new mydlink app, which gives users the ability to set up and manage their security cameras from a smartphone or tablet. With the app in hand, users can stream a live video feed directly from their cameras, and also receive notifications whenever the camera detects sound or motion.
CALGARY, Alberta (AP) Corey Perry scored 1:30 into overtime and the Anaheim Ducks rallied from three goals down to beat the Calgary Flames 5-4 Monday night, taking a 3-0 series lead in the first-round series.
Perry's sharp-angled shot deflected off several players and past Flames goalie Brian Elliott.
Shea Theodore had two goals, Nate Thompson had a goal and two assists, and Nick Ritchie also scored for the Ducks. Rickard Rakell, Kevin Bieksa and Hampus Lindholm each had two assists.
John Gibson gave up four goals on 16 shots before he was replaced by Jonathan Bernier in the second period. Bernier stopped all 16 shots he faced.
Sean Monahan had a goal and an assist, and Kris Versteeg, Sam Bennett and Michael Stone also scored for Calgary. Mikael Backlund and T.J. Brodie each had two assists, and Elliott finished with 22 saves.
Game 4 is Wednesday night.
Wells Fargo & Co Chief Executive Tim Sloan and Chairman Stephen Sanger together bought nearly 100,000 shares of the company's stock as the bank tries to bounce back from a sales scandal that tarnished its once-spotless image as an industry leader.
Continue Reading Below
Sanger, who led an internal inquiry after the third-largest U.S. bank said it had opened as many as two million unauthorized customer accounts, acquired 58,342 shares, according to a regulatory filing on Monday.
Sloan, who became CEO after the scandal led to the resignation of his predecessor, John Stumpf, bought 39,000 shares.
A Wells Fargo spokesman said the bank and Sloan had no immediate comment. Sard Verbinnen, a public relations firm which represents the Wells Fargo board of directors, did not immediately respond to inquiries.
Wells Fargo shares were up 1.31 percent to $52.03.
The bank, which reported earnings last week, faces what is expected to be a contentious shareholder meeting on April 25 after proxy advisor Glass Lewis recommended votes against six Wells Fargo directors and Institutional Shareholder Services said votes against 12 of 15 directors were warranted.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
(Reporting by Dan Freed in New York; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
Reps probe N2bn alleged diverted funds by Abuja Investment Company
A sum of N2 billion allegedly diverted by Abuja Investment Company Limited (AICL) is to be investigated by the House of Representatives.
To this end, the House mandated its committee on Federal Capital Territory (FCT) to investigate the allegation, with a view to exposing the alleged diversion of funds and inefficiency and report back within three weeks for further legislative action.
The resolution was passed following the adoption of a motion sponsored by Shehu Musa who accused former AICL management of diverting over N2 billion proceeds from 13 subsidiaries of AICL.
The AICL subsidiaries include: Abuja property Development Company Ltd (APDC) with 100 percent shareholding, Abuja Urban Mass transport Company Limited (AUMTCO) with 100 percent shareholding, Abuja Market Marketing Limited (AMML) with 95 percent shareholding, Abuja Technology Village Free Zone (ATVFZ) with 51 percent shareholding and Abuja Film Village Ltd with 50 percent and Gas Farm Project with 50 percent shareholding.
The company also hold 20% shares in Abuja Leasing Company (ALC), 20% shares in Power North AICL Equipment Leasing Company, 20% shares in American Hospital and 10% shares in Aso Savings and Loans Plc.
Similarly, AICL owns 10% shares in Abuja Power Company Limited, 6.51% shares in Capital Hotels (Sheraton Hotels and Towers, Abuja) 5% shares in Abuja Downtown Mall.
In his lead debate, Musa expressed concern that despite the rapid growth of investments, the AICL, which is wholly owned by the FCTA is not remitting the required revenue to the FCT treasury; adding that the company has over $100 million currently under its management.
“Section 88 of the 1999 constitutiona empowers the National Assembly to investigate any matter or thing with respect to which it has power to make laws, the conduct of affairs of any person or authority charged with the responsibility of administering laws and disbursing moneys appropriated by the National Assembly for the purpose of making or amending laws and exposing corruption, inefficiency or waste in the execution of laws.
“The House is also aware that AICL, as an investment arm of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) with a mandate to facilitate, encourage and attract investments into the FCT, was set up in October 2006 following the restructuring of Abuja Investment and Property Development Company Limited (AIPDC) which was incorporated in 1994,” he explained.
He observed that despite the rapid growth of investments, the company which is wholly owned by FCT administration is not remitting the required revenue to treasury.
KEHINDE AKINTOLA
The post Reps probe N2bn alleged diverted funds by Abuja Investment Company appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Lots of Kid and baby items including toys and clothes and bigger items. Closing a home daycare.
Share
If your millennial child is still living in your basement, better be prepared for the long haul. According to a Zillow report, nearly one in four millennials are still living with their mother. In analyzing U.S. Census data from 2005 to 2016, the real estate database company zoned in on families that include a mother and a younger resident between ages 24 and 36, living in the country's 50 largest metros. The study revealed that across the country, an average 23 percent of millennials don't have to go much further than down the hall to see their mothers, USA Today reports.
While the Netflix-watching, social media-loving generation has become the butt of many a joke over the years, the truth is that millennials may be opting to live at home simply because they can't afford to move out. Housing prices are increasing faster than their wages all over the country. According to The Mercury News, a median-priced home in San Jose, Sunnyvale, or Santa Clara, California, will cost buyers $1.27 million. Homes that cost less than $1 million are harder and harder to come by in the competitive real estate market of the San Francisco Bay Area. In Honolulu, Hawaii, which is one of the hottest housing markets in the world, a median-priced dwelling is $760,600. In Boulder, Colorado, where the median household income is $74,615, buyers will pay $546,000 for a median-priced abode.
Further, many recent college graduates are still paying off student loan debt. According to the National Association of Realtors, more than four out of five people between the ages of 22 and 35 who aren't yet homeowners and have loan debt, blame their student loans as the primary reason why they haven't bought a house. With so much student debt to pay off, adding a mortgage payment to the equation may seem inadvisable, especially when mom has a perfectly good basement that isn't being used.
The percentage of millennials still living with their parents does vary depending on the metro. In Miami-Fort Lauderdale, Florida, 33.4 percent of millennials still with their mothers. In Houston, it's 22.3 percent, and in Dallas-Fort Worth, 19.7 percent live at home. So if you're a parent who is hoping for your son or daughter to move out soon, you might have a little longer to wait.
VARNER, Ark. (AP) — Arkansas officials vowed to carry out a double execution later this week after the U.S. Supreme Court delivered a setback to the state's plan to resume capital punishment for the first time in nearly 12 years with a ruling sparing an inmate just minutes before his death warrant was set to expire.
The court's decision was the second time Don Davis had been granted a reprieve shortly before execution — he was within hours of death in 2010. It capped a chaotic day of legal wrangling in state and federal courts Monday as Arkansas tried to clear obstacles to carrying out its first executions since 2005.
Davis had already been served a last meal of fried chicken, rolls, beans, mashed potatoes and strawberry cake hours, and witnesses were being moved toward the execution chamber when the Supreme Court ruled just minutes before Davis' death warrant expired at midnight.
Davis was sentenced to death for the 1990 death of Jane Daniel in Rogers, Arkansas. The woman was killed in her home after Davis broke in and shot her with a .44-caliber revolver he found there.
Gov. Asa Hutchinson had set an aggressive schedule of as many as eight executions by the end of April, when the state's supply of a key lethal injection drug expires. Davis and Bruce Ward were supposed to be the first two of those Monday but Ward received a stay of execution and the state did not appeal the decision. The state did challenge a stay granted to Davis but the last-minute U.S. Supreme Court ruling ensured that he would not enter the death chamber Monday.
Despite the setbacks, Attorney General Leslie Rutledge said Arkansas would press ahead with other planned executions, including two set for Thursday — Ledell Lee and Stacey Johnson.
“There are five scheduled executions remaining with nothing preventing them from occurring, but I will continue to respond to any and all legal challenges brought by the prisoners,” Rutledge said.
Lawyers for the inmates were not immediately available after the U.S. Supreme Court ruling.
Earlier in the day, the state had cleared two of the main obstacles to resuming executions. The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed a federal judge's ruling blocking the executions over the use of midazolam, a sedative used in flawed executions in other states. The state Supreme Court also lifted a lower court ruling preventing the state from using another lethal injection drug that a supplier said was sold to be used for medical purposes, not executions.
The high court's order sparing Davis offered no explanation, but none of the justices voted in favor of lifting the stay. Monday marked the first day that the U.S. Supreme Court was in session with new Justice Neil Gorsuch on the bench.
Hutchinson's original schedule of eight lethal injections in 11 days would have marked the most inmates put to death by a state in such a short period since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976. The state scheduled such a compressed schedule because of the expiration of its supply of midazolam.
Arkansas enacted a law two years ago keeping secret the source of its lethal injection drugs, a move officials said was necessary to find new supplies. Despite the secrecy measure, prison officials have said it will be very difficult to find a supplier willing to sell Arkansas midazolam after its current stock expires.
___
DeMillo reported from Little Rock. Associated Press writers Jill Bleed in Little Rock and Kelly P. Kissel in Varner contributed to this report.
Friday was graduation day for the 38 cadets in the Toledo Police Academy.
The new class raises the ranks of officers to 620. Chief George Kral said the ideal number for a city the size of Toledo would be between 710 and 720. But he believes these officers will make a big difference.
“We just recently moved some officers out of field operations to vice and SWAT. These officers are going to be strictly in field operations so the citizens are going to see more marked cars on the street," said Kral.
Cadet Tifani Richard sang the National Anthem. She knows about singing having reached the second round of ‘The Voice' and tried out for' American Idol.'
Tifani moved to Toledo from Marion, Indiana to join the academy.
“I know how diversified everything is here. I grew up in a small town. Didn't have much culture,” she explained.
Tifani has wanted to be a cop since she was four. She grew up in a rough part of town and saw how police can make a difference in lives.
“I just want to make sure that all children feel safe. I want to let people know that people are here to help them not be afraid of them.”
The next Toledo Police Academy begins in July. Chief Kral said there will be 41 cadets in it.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
(Noel St. John/The National Press Club via AP). In this Oct. 4, 2017 photo provided by The National Press Club shows, Emilio Gutierrez Soto. Advocates for a Mexican journalist detained in a remote West Texas facility asked the U.S. government on Monday...
By NOMAAN MERCHANT
Associated Press
HOUSTON (AP) - Advocates for a Mexican journalist detained in a remote West Texas facility asked the U.S. government to grant him asylum instead of deporting him to a country where he believes he'll be killed.
Emilio Gutierrez Soto fled to the United States a decade ago after articles he wrote alleging corruption in the Mexican military caused his name to end up on a hit list. Mexico is one of the world's most dangerous places for journalism, likened to countries such as Syria and Iraq. At least 11 journalists have been killed in Mexico this year.
After coming within hours of possible deportation, Gutierrez, 54, is now appealing that denial. The National Press Club and other press freedom advocates held an event Monday highlighting Gutierrez's case and those of other reporters whose lives were in danger.
Speaking by phone from a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention center in Sierra Blanca, Texas, Gutierrez accused Mexican leaders of being complicit in the violence of drug cartels and the murders of journalists, though he did not make specific allegations.
"The biggest criminal organization is the government," Gutierrez said. "I'm afraid to take one step into Mexico."
The U.S. government historically rejects most asylum claims. Over a five-year period ending in September 2016, the U.S. received about 267,000 asylum claims and granted 46,000.
It has granted asylum in recent years to a number of Mexican journalists. But Eduardo Beckett, Gutierrez's lawyer, accused the U.S. of turning a blind eye to corruption and violence in Mexico, and blamed the Trump administration for changing how it deals with asylum seekers.
"There is no more humanity," Beckett said. "The new tactic is, we'll pressure you, we'll keep you detained, in hopes you'll give up."
Another Mexican journalist did just that earlier this year. After spending nearly four months in an immigration facility, reporter Martin Mendez Pineda returned to Mexico and went into hiding.
Mexico has created a federal protection program for journalists, with about 600 enrollees nationwide. But one reporter in the program was killed earlier this year, and others question whether the federal government has the power or the will to protect them. Meanwhile, high-profile killings have continued, including the death of Javier Valdez, a legendary reporter who covered drug trafficking in Sinaloa state.
Gutierrez worked for El Diario del Noroeste, a newspaper in the state of Chihuahua. He said his problems began after he wrote articles that alleged military forces were robbing and extorting local people in Chihuahua, which borders New Mexico and part of West Texas.
After receiving what his advocates called veiled threats, Gutierrez discovered his name had been placed on a hit list. So he fled north with his teenage son and entered the U.S. in 2008, seeking asylum.
He spent seven months in detention before his release in January 2009, while his application for asylum remained pending.
Beckett said that Gutierrez was no longer working in journalism while living in the West Texas border city of El Paso. Instead, he supported himself by operating a food truck, Beckett said. His son, now 24, works in a restaurant. But while in the United States, Gutierrez heard from people back in Mexico that if he returned, he would end up like other journalists who were killed.
After nine years, a judge denied his asylum request in July, and the U.S. Board of Immigration Appeals dismissed his appeal in November.
His advocates say he came close to being sent back to Mexico before the appeals board on Thursday issued a stay of his deportation.
The U.S. Department of Justice and the Mexican foreign affairs ministry did not return messages seeking comment Monday. ICE said in a statement that Gutierrez remains in the agency's custody "pending disposition of his immigration case."
___
Follow Nomaan Merchant on Twitter at @nomaanmerchant. Associated Press reporter Christopher Sherman in Mexico City contributed to this report.
___
Sign up for the AP's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas: -http://apne.ws/2u1RMfv
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CLEVELAND -- It's dangerous in the NBA to overreact; it gets people fired and it costs people wins, respect and money. The season is long, and that makes it forgiving, which is why anyone who has much experience preaches patience.
But the Cleveland Cavaliers are out of time. It's preposterous to say that in February for a team with a history of turning things around and doing it when they have to. However, they are in a preposterous situation.
They aren't just looking at losing this season, but they are looking at losing LeBron James. If tomorrow were the beginning of free agency, there's a good chance that would be the case.
The Houston Rockets played beautiful basketball Saturday night, and they destroyed the Cavs 120-88. Chris Paul was a maestro from the opening moments; it was a display of the reason why the Rockets are brilliant when he and MVP candidate James Harden are so great together (now 23-3 when both guards start). Paul was a breathtaking plus-47 for the night. The score probably could've been anything Paul wanted it to be.
But it was almost as if the Rockets were unwitting participants, executioners just there to do a morbid job and get out of the way. Before the game, Rockets coach Mike D'Antoni fell all over himself trying not to talk about the Cavs. In the postgame interview, Paul kept repeating over and over, "It's about us" to Lisa Salters, wanting to get on the plane and get the heck out of the way. The drama was all with the Cavs, and it was hard to miss and hard to watch.
The Cavs players do not trust each other. It appears as if some of them don't like each other. Two of them have been told they'd probably get traded two weeks ago but then weren't. And their coach has been hesitant shake up the lineup, as he has failed to motivate his veteran team.
Kevin Love, his left hand in a brace, had a slip of the tongue before the game. He said that sometimes with hand surgery "you can actually come back faster. With this, I think it's great to be able to avoid that." He didn't have surgery; he will be sidelined for eight weeks.
The Cavs have until next Thursday to make significant changes to the roster. It is unlikely they could make a move or two that would fix all the structural changes they need -- they are old and slow by league standards, they have mostly poor defensive players and a number of their players are having substandard seasons that have negatively affected their value. But they so badly need a chemistry change that they might have no other choice but to switch out faces to try to change the energy flow.
James (11 points, 3 of 10 field goals) is completely dispirited. Never before in his career has he played like this. Maybe on the occasional midseason evening he has been less than energetic -- in the past, he has called it "chill mode" -- but never like this.
This is why it's unfair.
Since the end of the Finals last season, James has watched as Jimmy Butler, Paul, Paul George, Carmelo Anthony and Blake Griffin have been traded. None of them were sent to the Cavs. When the Cavs traded Kyrie Irving, the centerpiece of the deal was a draft pick.
Looking through his eyes, you can understand why he's frustrated. You can understand why he sometimes feels like the organization hasn't kept the pedal down. When he sees Isaiah Thomas struggling, trying so hard to fight through a devastating injury but having to go so slow that he's hindering the Cavs instead of helping them, he wonders why they traded Kyrie Irving at all. And why they took the deal with the Boston Celtics, even though they had a chance to back out.
James must wonder: If the organization won't go all-in to try to keep the best team around him, would he want to be elsewhere? Would he want to waive his no-trade clause?
Instead, he stews.
Meanwhile, the Cavs point out that James will not commit to them past this season. That they tried to mold a future in attempting a trade last June with George, and he wouldn't go there. They point out that they have the highest payroll in the NBA and are paying a hideously painful repeater luxury tax. That the team lost $18 million last season because it spent $25 million on luxury taxes.
Cavs owner Dan Gilbert has been here before. He spent wildly, got an old team and traded away a bunch of future picks in 2010 only to see James walk. The result was a miserable rebuilding process that lasted four years and was failing until James stunned them by walking back through the door.
The Cavs must wonder if they should just publicly come out and say they will trade everything, they will trade the Brooklyn Nets pick, if James were only to commit past this season. But if he won't, they can't sentence themselves to a miserable rebuild again. That would put it on his plate and take it off theirs.
Instead, they stew.
And the adversarial situation grows. And the team plays worse. And the pressure tightens. And the clock runs.
To those who know him, it was concerning two weeks ago in San Antonio when James came into a close game in the fourth quarter and seemed to just let the game go. He has come into hundreds of games like that, and if he didn't lead his team to victory, he went to the finish line clawing.
In the games since, James' defensive effort has further wilted. His aggression has waned. His frustration has extended. And his leadership, which at times has been controversial in its style but never questioned in its intent, has faded.
He is absolutely culpable; his past month has been one of the worst of his NBA life. This comes after the first two months of the season in which he was a leading candidate for MVP. Which makes his erosion all the more clear.
And the Cavs are culpable for allowing the trust and the relationship with management to crack. The Cavs know crisis better than anyone, they've been immersed in it on and off for four years. But this is a different situation. Everyone can feel it.
They're almost out of time.
West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey and State Police Colonel Jan Cahill have announced a $1 million contribution to the state's crime lab for a backlog of tests.
Morrisey said the money will allow for more personnel and more equipment to process the high volume of drug identification tests faster.
He added this is an important part in fighting the state's drug epidemic.
“This backlog in the crime lab really impairs our criminal justice system,” Morrisey continued. The fundamentals of criminal justice are to meet out justice swiftly and when you have to wait for a crime lab test to come back 262 days that means you're not prosecuting people who may be guilty and you're not exonerating people who are innocent.”
The Attorney General also contributed $1 million to the crime lab last year, which was transferred from his office's Consumer Protection Fund.
“This really comes from the drug settlements,” Morrisey explained. “As many people know there have been a lot of drug settlements over the last few years and so we think these resources will be a real value added to the police who are on the front lines.”
Streamers and YouTube creators are attending E3 2017 in record numbers, and that's creating a bit of tension on the show floor. With bigger media outlets and streamers jockeying for the same demos and access, these growing pains are only natural, but it's important to keep in mind that democratizing access at E3 is ultimately a good thing for gamers.
Public access
Since the event is open to the public for the first time, fans, streamers, and content creators who may not have large enough followings to qualify for press access, are able to enjoy the biggest gaming event of the year right alongside big media outlets. At a few pre-show events, some publishers set aside streamer-centric seating right alongside the press.
This has, of course, ruffled some feathers, but game publishers getting friendly with streamers is not going to herald the death of the traditional media or journalism, or any of the other apocalyptic predictions made since Bethesda stopped sending early review copies of their games to big media outlets.
The barriers between the people making games and the people playing them are getting thinner and thinner.
Keep in mind, we've seen these arguments before. Remember when those dastardly bloggers started getting invited to press-only events — back when LiveJournal was the hot new platform? Exactly.
Publishers may see streamers as a killer marketing opportunity, but there's another big opportunity here, and it's all about gamers. Access is a two-way street. Game publishers and developers that reach out to streamers are also giving them access to developers, news, and games that otherwise would be reserved for fewer eyes. That means big game publishers are more directly accountable to their fans.
The barriers between the people making games and the people playing them are getting thinner and thinner, and that makes feedback and criticism more difficult for publishers and developers to avoid. They're exposed to a plurality of voices, with diverse backgrounds and perspectives that they otherwise may not have heard, or may not have had a reason to listen to.
Big business
Streaming is ubiquitous. It's big enough, and popular enough, that every major tech company is trying to get in on the action — or keep their share of it. Google, Facebook, and Microsoft are all pushing their livestreaming platforms, while Amazon continues to dominate with its incredibly popular Twitch platform.
Rather than ignore this captive audience which commands immense influence and buying power, companies like Bethesda, Intel, and other exhibitors at this year's E3 are making sure they include fans, enthusiasts, and streamers in their efforts to promote their products.
That means carving out access for streamers and YouTube content creators, in addition to traditional media outlets. It's ruffled some feathers on the show floor, as streamers are getting the kind of access usually reserved for the press, but that's not what matters to gamers. Everyone now has a seat on the couch, and that's awesome.
Inclusive over exclusive
Opening E3 up for streamers, and welcoming the public, means longer lines and bigger crowds to navigate. It might also mean the loss of some exclusive access. In the long run, though, inclusion is never a bad thing.
In the long run, though, inclusion is never a bad thing.
E3 is about video games. People who play games should have a stake in what's going on here, whether that's through a media outlet like Digital Trends, or through their favorite streamer. The end goal is the same. Gamers want to find their new favorite game.
Press or public, we're all here for the same reasons; because we're passionate about games, because we want to see what's coming out in the coming year. So, even though lines are longer, and our access might not be as exclusive as it used to be, let's try to be remembered we're all here for the same reason.
Free T-shirts.
A doctor who saw Prince in the days before he died had prescribed oxycodone under the name of Prince's friend to protect the musician's priv…
AUN appoints new president
By Ebele Orakpo
THE Board of Trustees of the American University of Nigeria (AUN), has appointed Dr. Dawn Dekle as president. Dekle who is currently serving as president of Orkhon University in Mongolia, was selected after an international search and was endorsed unanimously by the Board to assume office from July 1, 2017.
Mr. Akin Kekere-Ekun, chairman of the board, expressed delight that Dekle accepted the offer. “I am confident that she will take our university into the next phase of development. Her vision for AUN in a global era resonated with the entire board and we welcome her with great enthusiasm and anticipation in the coming years,” he said.
According to a release from AUN's Office of Communications & Public Relations made available to Vanguard, before joining Orkhon University, Dr. Dekle was president of the American University of Iraq, provost at the American University of Afghanistan, and dean at S. P. Jain School of Global Management in Singapore.
“She was a faculty member at Singapore Management University, National University of Singapore, James Madison University and Dartmouth College. She has held leadership positions outside of academia, such as council member for the Singapore Institute of International Affairs and leadership specialist and global knowledge manager at the consulting firm, McKinsey & Co., where she helped launch the McKinsey Centre for Asian Leadership.
Dr. Dekle who earned her bachelor's degree in psychology from Texas A&M University, Ph.D. in psychology from Dartmouth College, and J.D. in law from Stanford University, has published in academic journals and presented at international conferences.
The post AUN appoints new president appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
What they said ... the weekend in quotes 17 April 2017
Galway's Joe Canning with supporters at the end of the game Galway's Joe Canning with supporters at the end of the game
“I won't do it again if that's any consolation.”
Davy Fitzgerald promised he'll be on his best behaviour on the sideline from now on!
“We never fail to have a good game with Galway. We set it out really early in the year that we wanted to have a real go at this league and try and win it. That story hasn't changed.”
The Gaelic Grounds will host the decider between Michael Ryan's Tipperary and Galway next Sunday.
“There are only two national titles you can go for. In that regard, it is nice to be there. Our aim at the outset of the league was to go as far as we can and to get us as close as possible to the championship.”
A final date with the Premier County is ideal preparation for the championship for Micheal Donoghue and the Tribesmen.
“Things just didn't happen for them out on the field there today. I can't put my finger on exactly why that was. We put a lot of effort in over the last few weeks building up to this game. That is the challenge for Limerick hurling, to put successive performance together.”
Limerick's inconsistency is a major concern for John Kiely.
“It was more about giving them a lesson, what they deserved, because they didn't show much respect. A good hurler wouldn't have said that about anyone.”
Comments made by Armagh Cathal Carvill about his brother Ciaran provided Antrim's hat-trick hero Conor Johnston with plenty of motivation in advance of the Ulster SHC final.
“I think Galway were better, but certainly on the day we didn't seem to get a lot of breaks.”
A disappointed Kerry U-21 manager Jack O'Connor wasn't impressed with the performance of Kildare referee Brendan Cawley at Cusack Park on Saturday.
“Right from the day that we met, you could sense from our lads that they were on a mission. They were going to give it everything they had and thankfully it worked out well for us.”
Galway's march to the All-Ireland U-21 decider has come as no surprise to manager Gerry Fahy.
“Donegal were probably flat coming into this. Their schedule was hectic. They would want to be superhuman for that not to have an impact and that counted against them.”
Dessie Farrell guided Dublin to a fourth All-Ireland U-21 final appearance since 2010.
“Winning Ulster, you'd like to have a night and enjoy it after all the hard work, but we couldn't. But as I say, fair play to Dublin, they had their homework done and they looked much fresher and are well marshalled under Dessie Farrell. They have a serious chance in that All-Ireland final.”
Donegal boss Declan Bonner took his hat off to the Dubs.
Why it matters to you This lightest hammock weighs less than five ounces and is rated to hold 300 pounds, a boon for any backpacker.
Sea to Summit introduces its Ultralight Hammock just in time for summer camping. Weighing in at under five ounces, it serves as the lightest hammock in existence.
Backpackers who live by the mantra ‘every ounce counts' will revel in the company's newest slumber option without having to sacrifice the durability or adaptability provided by other popular hammock brands. The Ultralight Hammock is constructed of a specifically engineered nylon 66 monofilament fabric which is virtually transparent in addition to being packable and remarkably strong while weighing only 4.9 ounces.
The fabric is rated to hold 300 pounds and includes a stuff sack built into one end composed of water-resistant 30-denier Cordura nylon. The webbing loop is triple bar-tacked to the hammock guaranteeing continuous, lasting strength.
The hammock is equipped with lightweight 6061 aluminum buckles and when combined with the stuff sack weigh in at a total 5.4 ounces — less than a pullover jacket. The compression sack includes extra space for suspension straps which can be purchased separately.
The Ultralight Hammock measures 8.5 feet in length and four feet across, making for an ideal size for the average person but could be a bit cramped for taller users.
The special fabric is highly breathable and effectively wicks away moisture, equating to perfect use in hot and humid summer conditions. Its monofilament construction makes for impressive compression capacity, the fabric curling neatly into a small, hand-sized bundle.
Sea to Summit also designed accompanying suspension straps, a bug net, tree protectors, and a 15-denier Ultra-Sil Nano tarp for use with the Ultralight, with each item available for purchase separately.
The suspension setup is unique and user-friendly, including 10-foot long webbing straps equipped with steel buckles for easy attachment to tree protectors.
The hammock is available in gray or yellow and costs $90 through Sea to Summit's selected retailers including REI and Backcountry Gear. The suspension straps retail for $25 and the tree protector straps are $20.
Scientists have converted a bunch of microbes into what they've dubbed the "world's smallest tape recorder:" By tinkering with the genes of an ordinary laboratory strain of Escherichia coli bacteria, researchers say they've been able to coax the bacteria into not only logging their interactions with the environment but time-stamping these occurrences, as well.
These tiny "tape recorders" — which were detailed in a new study published Nov. 23 in the journal Science — can help underpin a new class of technologies that use bacterial cells to diagnose disease or monitor shifts in the environment, all without disturbing their surroundings.
"Such bacteria, swallowed by a patient, might be able to record the changes they experience through the whole digestive tract, yielding an unprecedented view of previously inaccessible phenomena," senior study author Harris Wang, an assistant professor in the department of systems biology at Columbia University Medical Center, said in a statement.
World's smallest tape recorder is built from microbes Wang Lab / Columbia University Medical Center
The technology behind the tape recorders is the popular gene-editing tool, CRISPR. The tool, which allows scientists to essentially snip out sequences of DNA and replace it with specific genetic material, was originally discovered in bacteria. CRISPR is part of the immune system of certain bacteria — it can copy snippets of DNA from invading viruses so future generations of bacteria can recognize and rebuff subsequent attacks. [10 Amazing Things Scientists Just Did with CRISPR]
"The [CRISPR] system is a natural biological memory device," Wang said. "From an engineering perspective that's actually quite nice, because it's already a system that has been honed through evolution to be really great at storing information."
The team's microscopic recorder consists of a pair of gene-carrying structures known as plasmids. The first, a "timing" plasmid, marks time by expressing certain DNA molecules, called nucleotides, in the CRISPR region of the bacterium's DNA. The other plasmid is modified to create more copies of itself, but only in response to an external signal. The result is a patchwork of background sequences that record time and signal sequences that are inserted in response to changes in the cell's environment.
If that sounds complicated, think of it like this: The timing plasmid prints an "A" at spaced-out time intervals. If there's no "external signal," the scientists would only see this string of A's. But if the second plasmid is turned on by an external signal, it'll insert its stamp into the string of A's. Based on where in that string the second plasmids' stamp shows up, the scientists can deduce when the external signal took place. Like the stripes of data in a magnetic tape, scientists can analyze this further with the aid of computational tools.
In the new study, the researchers showed that the system can record at least three simultaneous signals for several days. The next step is to narrow the targets.
"Now we're planning to look at various markers that might be altered under changes in natural or disease states, in the gastrointestinal system or elsewhere," Wang said.
Originally published on Live Science.
Boys high school basketball wrapped up in Ontario in early March when provincial champions were crowned in three enrolment categories.
Not all players from Niagara have put away their sneakers for the off-season, however.
On Wednesday, 40 of the top players from the region are back on the court showcasing their skills in a north-south all-star doubleheader at St. Catharines Collegiate.
Action in the battle for basketball bragging rights between players from zones 3 and 4 tips off with the top 20 game at 6:30 p.m. followed by the marquee matchup, featuring the top 10 from each zone, at 8 p.m.
All proceeds from the charity games will go to Big Brothers and Big Sisters organizations in Niagara.
This is the first time the showcase will open with a top 20 game. In past years only the top 10 players nominated from their schools were invited to take part.
Selection process for the teams started with high school coaches in the region each nominating three players from their teams. A committee made up of representatives from the various leagues then picked the final teams.
Frank Keltos, a member of the selection committee as well as boys basketball head coach at Collegiate, is helping the organize the boys game after 10 years volunteering to run a girls hoops showcase. He called Wednesday night's doubleheader a way of giving back to the players.
“Speaking an as ex-high school player and a college player, there's always that final game you hope to play with the best players in the region,” Keltos said. “Now they get that one game to see what it's like to play the best players rather than against them.”
Keltos said the game is an opportunity for players to shine, especially if their school finished lower in the standings. He pointed out players who compete with smaller schools don't often get to shine in the regular season.
“Sometimes, the team that wins don't have that best athlete, they just have more,” Keltos said. “Ultimately, it's not a one-man or a two- man game, you got five guys on the court. So, for the schools, it's always nice to have a representative. It's a proud moment for each individual school.”
Selecting 17-year old Desmond Taylor to represent Collegiate was a no-brainer. Taylor worked hard this season and has Keltos believing he will be playing at the college level next season.
He has already been accepted to Niagara College in the fall, and he wants to make a good impression in his last hurrah at the high school level.
“I can look at the talent here and then up my game, because college level is going to be much harder,” Taylor said. “I'm just trying to go out there and show what I got.”
Taylor is ranked seventh among players from Zone 4 and first overall from his school. The 6-foot small forward said it's an honour to be selected in the top 10, considering the amount of time and effort put in to competing at an all-star level.
“It's going to be really competitive, but I know I can do my best,” Taylor said. “I have to put my stuff out there and train my hardest to get ready for college ball.”
Twelve schools from each zone will have at least one representative at the game. A.N. Myer, Eden, Saint Francis, Saint Paul, Sir Winston Churchill and Welland Centennial will be sending three players each.
HOOPS HEADLINERS
Players selected from north Niagara, Zone 4; south Niagara, Zone 3; for a top 10, top 20 doubleheader Wednesday at St. Catharines Collegiate starting at 6 :30 p.m.
Top 10 north all-stars: 1. Ivan Peso, Holy Cross; 2. Jack Riddell, Saint Francis; 3. Tom Whitty, Eden; 4. Harrison Enns, Sir Winston Churchill; 5. Rahim Bardi, Governor Simcoe; 6. Alex Cochrane, Governor Simcoe; 7. Desmond Taylor, St. Catharines Collegiate; 8. Tyrell McLennan, Saint Francis; 9. Ryan Benvento, Churchill; 10. Steven Rosts, Eden. Top 20 north all-stars: 11. Sam Braithwaite, Saint Francis; 12. Nick Pasaluko, Grimsby; 13. Dakota Welbourn, Beamsville; 14. Liam Porteous, Laura Secord; 15. Asim Serri, Churchill; 16. Sam Tomaino, Blessed Trinity; 17. Colton Smith, Thorold; 18., Ryan Gilbert, Eden; 19. Robert Smith, Collegiate; 10. Sympho Ilunga, Denis Morris. Coaches: Shaun Feor, Simcoe; Gregg Loucks, Churchill; Brian MacIsaac, Eden; Mike McGinnis, Saint Francis.
Top 10 south all-stars: 1. Johnnie Richardson, Saint Paul; 2. Kennedy Talarico, Saint Paul; 3. Tre Ford, A.N. Myer; 4. Stephan Milijenovic, Myer; 5. Bailey Moreau, Lakeshore Catholic; 6. Jacob Bray, Welland Centennial; 7. Reese Radobenko, Centennial; 8. Braidon Moore, Notre Dame; 9. Alexander Root, Notre Dame; 10; Brett Warkentin, Niagara Christian. Top 20 south all-stars: 11. Ben Kalchman, E.L. Crossley; 12. Joaquin Zarza, Westlane; 13. Noah Harris, Stamford; 14. Ethan Van Natter, Ridgeway-Crystal Beach; 15. Philippe Angervil, Jean Vanier; 16. Ehab Sati, Centennial; 17. Christien Anderson, Westlane; 18. Victor Kariuki, Saint Paul; 19. Thomas Rigas-Di Domenico, Myer; 20. Dusan Krkljus, Saint Michael. Coaches: Anthony Haughton, Niagara Christian; Phil Mosley, Centennial; Dave Shaw, Myer.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chester -based restaurant group Hickory's Smokehouse posted sales of £16.6m in the last financial year.
Entrepreneur Neil McDonnell opened the first restaurant in the seven-strong group at The Groves in Chester back in 2010.
The headquarters is based at the Steam Mill Business Centre.
And the company continues to expand its unique offering across the north and Midlands.
(Image: Ian Cooper)
The small group now has restaurants in Chester, West Kirby on the Wirral , Rhos-on-Sea in North Wales, Burton Green near Coventry, Wall Heath in the West Midlands, Castle Bromwich near Birmingham and Southport, which only opened last month.
The Wall Heath site was devastated by a fire in August 2016 but successfully reopened in July, 2017.
Sales figures of £16.6m in the year ending 30 April 2017 represent an impressive 15% rise on the previous year.
Managing director John Welsh said: “We are very pleased with the latest figures, particularly as this period covers the Wall Heath fire and its aftermath.
“In challenging market conditions, we hope to be able to continue to expand and look forward to welcoming more guests and communities to the authentic Hickory's experience.”
Founder Neil McDonnell, who is also the brains behind Barlounge and Upstairs at the Grill in Chester, added: “The figures are a small indication of just how hard all of our team work to ensure that our guests get the very best experience possible. In many ways, the current climate is extremely tough for hospitality businesses.
“We have been hit by extortionate rate rises and many of our raw ingredient costs have gone up but we will not allow this to affect our commitment to quality or investment in our team.
“We have a lot to thank the people of Chester for; since we opened Barlounge eighteen years through to the opening of Upstairs At The Grill and Hickory's, we have had so much support and it is thanks to these loyal guests that we have been able to grow as a business and create new jobs across the city and beyond.”
At least 170 business plans have been shortlisted for the roll-out of the ruling New Patriotic Party(NPP) government One-district-One-factory project.
A Deputy Minister for Trade, Robert Ahomka-Lindsay has indicated that these factories are expected to be established in 95 districts nationwide.
“For some time now, we have been receiving expressions of interest from various businesses in and outside Ghana. As of yesterday [Wednesday, 4 October], we had received close to 600 expressions of interest and we have received from that 457 business plans,” he told Accra-based Citi FM on Thursday, 5 October.
“We have formed a technical support group and we have reviewed 435 business plans. Of those 435 business plans, 173 are what you can term as bankable. They are in 95 districts and wholly private,” Mr Ahomka-Lindsay added.
According to him, out of the 173 factories, 46% are in agro-processing and 36% in manufacturing.
The One-district-One-factory project is a key programme under this regime to see the actualization of the industrialization of Ghana as part of the transformation process President Akufo-Addo envisages for the country.
The policy, when implemented will create the environment conducive for each local government areas to own factories relative to their well-endowed resources and capacity to provide jobs and wealth for the country.
COSTA MESA — A fire at an apartment complex in the 200 block of Cabrillo Street caused significant damage to one home and minor damage to an adjoining residence on Wednesday, June 14, authorities said.
Authorities were dispatched to 275 Cabrillo St., about 8 p.m. to a fire at one of the two-story attached homes, Costa Mesa Fire Department Capt. Chris Coates said.
The fire was concentrated in a wall between the two homes, forcing firefighters to break through the walls of one of the units to access the fire, Coates said.
Costa Mesa and Newport Beach Fire Department firefighters were able to put the fire out in 15 minutes, Coates said. No damage was reported to the third unit, the farthest away from where the fire originated.
It is unclear if anybody was home when the fire started, but no injuries were reported, Coates said.
The unit where the fire originated suffered significant damage with walls being torn down, Coates said. Fire officials have offered Red Cross housing to the residents.
The attached unit suffered only minor damage and it is unlikely they will be displaced.
The cause of the fire is still under investigation, Coates said.
Entertainment of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: classfmonline.com
2017-10-06
Adina, musician
Ghanaian singer, Adina Thembi Ndamse, better known by her stage name Adina, has backed calls by the National Association of Graduate Teachers (NAGRAT) for government to set aside October 5 every year as a holiday for only teachers and students in the country.
October 5 every year has been set aside as World Teachers Day to celebrate the contribution of teachers towards the education of the human race.
The president of NAGRAT, Christian Addai-Poku, has argued that many teachers are unable to participate or observe the National Teachers Day because they teach on that day. He said although Ghana has at least has 13 public holidays; he does not believe adding one more will be excessive.
A section of Ghanaians are divided on the issue, but Adina, in an interview on the Class Drive on Class91.3FM said a holiday for teachers “will not be a bad idea”.
She told show host, Prince Benjamin, on Thursday, 5 October 2017 that: “I don't think it is a bad idea because they are like our second parents…they assure us in life. Most parents take their wards to school…they don't keep them at home obviously because they have to work. Some kids even go to school as early as before they turn one year.
“Even though parents have to pay for it [education], I feel like they [teachers] play a very important role in our lives as human beings, everybody goes to school these days so it won't be a bad idea at all because back in senior high, we used to have teachers day…we actually did things for our teachers. We would do drama, plays, compose songs for them or write poems or something to appreciate them because they do a lot for us. Imagine if all teachers are corrupt and taught us the wrong things in life, can you imagine the generation that will come out? I think it's not a bad idea at all.”
Adina is out with a new single titled “Makoma”, featuring Sarkodie.
Authorities on the Greek island of Lesbos say they have blocked a ship carrying container homes for refugees and other migrants in protest at the refusal of the government and the European Union to move more people to Greece's mainland.
A government-chartered ship carrying the containers remained anchored at the island's main town Monday after municipal vehicles were used to block port facilities. The island's municipal board was due to meet later Monday to decide on whether to lift the blockade following talks with the government, state-run TV said.
The mayors of five Greek islands facing the coast of Turkey are demanding that the government and EU end a policy of containment for migrants — introduced last year as a deterrent against illegal migration — because living facilities are severely overcrowded.
Since Ichiro left the Mariners in 2012, the M's have struggled to steal many bases. In fact, over the past five seasons, they have been one of the worst base-stealing teams in all baseball. Now that the Mariners have acquired Jean Segura, will he and Leonys Martin spark a base-stealing frenzy in Seattle?
The addition of speedster, Jean Segura means that GM Jerry Dipoto is hoping that this year's Mariners squad are going to steal more bases than they have in the last half-decade.
The last time the M's lead the league in stolen bases was back in 2001 when the club had Ichiro, Mark McLemore, and Mike Cameron. Since then, they have only been in the top-five in league base-theft once; that was back in 2010.
Furthermore, in the last five years, the Mariners have not only not been one of the top base stealing teams, they've been one of the worst.
In 2013 the team was so bad a stealing bases that they ranked twenty-eighth in the league for that stat, and only surpassed the American League's worst base stealing team, the Detriot Tigers, by fourteen bags taken.
Granted, the Mariners haven't had many speedy guys on the roster in the last five years, but now the team has a handful of guys that can possibly steal double-digit bases.
Since 2012, the M's have only had three players go beyond stealing twenty bases, they were: Michael Saunders, who took twenty-one bases in 2012, James Jones who snagged twenty-seven bags in 2014, and Leonys Martin who swiped twenty-four bases this past year.
As we know, two of those three players aren't on this year's roster, and weren't on last year's either, which partly explains the low total of bases taken.
But, with this year's squad chock-full of potential base-stealing talent, there is a sense that this 2017 roster could break the one hundred steal plateau for the first time since that 2012 team who had one hundred and four base thefts.
If we try to calculate how many bases the 2017 Mariners could steal based half on potential and half on averages, reaching one hundred steals doesn't some so far-fetched.
[embedded content]
Segura has stolen at least twenty bases in each of his last four seasons, once surpassing thirty thefts and once breaking the forty bags taken mark. So, let's pencil him in for thirty steals for '17.
Martin has also reached thirty steals twice in his career, finishing with a career-best thirty-six back in 2013. It feels like maybe he could reach thirty again this season, although he hasn't taken that many bases since 2014, so let's put him down for twenty-five steals -one more than his total last year.
Next, we have the young duo of Ben Gamel and Guillermo Heredia. These two guys have fresh legs and a lot of potential speed stored up in their bodies.
Expect manager, Scott Servais, to use both of these men fairly equally, either playing together at different outfield positions on some days or swapping out for each other in left field. Together the combo could steal anywhere from fifteen to twenty bases.
More from SoDo Mojo
Then if we move on to the power trio of Nelson Cruz, Robinson Cano and Kyle Seager we can optimistically add about a dozen more bases stolen. One may come from Cruz on what could be considered defensive indifference, but the rest would come from Cano and Seager.
Cano set his career-high of ten bags stolen in 2014 and Seager has amassed thirteen once back in 2012, although those numbers have declined every year since.
That leaves the rest of the M's squad having to steal about fifteen bases to cross the one hundred line.
With the quickness that Taylor Motter has -he has taken at least fifteen bags in every minor league season since 2011- and the stellar athleticism of Mitch Haniger, it seems quite likely that they could combine for the remaining steals needed, even if they see part-time work in 2017.
Now that we've figured that out, would between one hundred and one hundred and ten stolen bases bring them back into the top ten for stolen bases in the league?
If we look at league totals from each season over the last three years, yes, it would be enough to finish near the back-end of the top ten, but in it, nonetheless.
[embedded content]
We already expect the Mariners to be in the top-five in the MLB for home runs hit, but if they can also finish in the top ten in steals, there should be even more reason to think that the M's will finally break their playoff drought of fifteen seasons.
This article originally appeared on
Former 49ers head coach Chip Kelly wanted to draft quarterback Dak Prescott in the 2016 NFL draft, but then-general manager Trent Baalke rejected the plan, according to Mike Garafolo of NFL Network.
Instead, the 49ers took defensive lineman DeForest Buckner, guard Joshua Garnett, cornerback Will Redmond and cornerback Rashard Robinson with their first four picks and Prescott fell to the Cowboys in the fourth round.
Buckner played in 15 games this season and had 73 total tackles with six sacks. Buckner and Redmond also played most of the season, but Garnett sat out with a torn ACL. The 49ers finished with the worst record in the NFC at 2–14 and Kelly and Baalke have both been fired.
In contrast, Prescott has led the Cowboys to the playoffs with an NFC-best 13–3 record in the absence of the injured Tony Romo. He threw for 3,667 yards and 23 touchdowns over his 16 starts with a 67.8% completion rate.
The Cowboys have a first-round bye and will play their first playoff game on Jan. 15.
This article originally appeared on
KING CITY, Ont. — The Winnipeg Hawks appointed controversial Australian opening batsman David Warner as captain of their Global T20 Canada team on Wednesday.
The 31-year-old cricketer replaces the injured West Indian Dwayne Bravo as skipper.
Hawks coach Waqar Younis told the BBC: “He's going to be a good leader. He's a team man. He's up front and he likes to give whatever his knowledge is.”
Earlier this year, Warner was banned from international and domestic state cricket for 12 months by Cricket Australia following the ball-tampering row that blew up during the national team's tour of South Africa.
The former Australia vice-captain has made only six runs in three innings for the Hawks, his first competitive action for three months.
Downton Abbey creator Julian Fellowes seems to announce a new project every week. He's reportedly working on The Gilded Age for NBC, a show about New York City in the 1880s, and Five Arrows, a project centered around the Rothschild dynasty, and it's recently been announced that he also has a miniseries in the works with Netflix about the history of soccer.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The English Game will be a six-part drama on the streaming service "about the invention of modern [soccer] and how those involved in its creation reached across the class divide to establish the game as the world's most popular sport,” Netflix Vice President of International Originals Eric Barmack told Variety.
"It's part Etonians, part factory workers."
Sounds like it's exactly in the Fellowes wheelhouse. That's all we know for now, but we'll be sure to update with any cast or premiere info.
Archaeologists in Egypt have discovered more than 1,000 statues and 10 sarcophagi in an ancient noble's tomb on the west bank of the Nile River in Luxor.
The Antiquities Ministry said Tuesday that the tomb was built for a judge during the New Kingdom period, from roughly 1,500 to 1,000 B.C.
The tomb comprised an open courtyard leading to two halls, one containing four ancient coffins and the other including a chamber that houses six. The head of archaeological mission, Mostafa el-Waziri, says another chamber was found containing the statues, which depict kings from different dynasties.
He said archaeologists expect to find even more statues as the dig continues.
HAH! Democrats Called On To Return Campaign Contributions To Harvey Weinstein
Following the publication of a New York Times article detailing years of sexual assault allegations against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein, Democrats are now being told that it would be wise of them to return any and all donations they've received from him.
His films include the popular “Good Will Hunting,” “Pulp Fiction,” and “Shakespeare In Love.” His accusers include Rose McGowan as well as seven other women with whom he had reached he had reached financial settlements following allegations.
When he wasn't shelling out money to women who weren't taken in by his unwanted sexual advances, he was donating money to the Democratic party.
In October of last year, he donated $5,400 to Sen. Richard Blumenthal. Following the story's publication, he sent out an email indicated that he would be giving the money to the Connecticut Alliance to End Sexual Violence. Sen. Patrick Leahy's campaign manager announced that he would be donating the $5,600 Leahy received from Weinstein to the Women's Fund at the Vermont Community Foundation. Sen. Martin Heinrich told CNN that he would donate the $5,400 to the non-profit Community Against Violence in New Mexico.
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
It should also be noted that Weinstein also palled around with Hillary Clinton who has also had experience in the arena of sexual harassment claims. The producer has also made significant contributions to the Democratic National Committee, including throwing a fundraiser for then-Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, where plates went for $33,000 each. This get-together was attended from Hollywood big-shots including Leonardo DiCaprio, Matthew Broderick, and Sarah Jessica Parker.
Why is it not a surprise that Clinton (who claims to be a feminist even though we all know differently) was supported by someone who took advantage of the women he worked with, presumably by using his position of power? Perhaps Weinstein simply reminded her so much of her own husband, Bill Clinton. Something about her is a total scumbag magnet. (Possibly the fact that she herself is a scumbag.)
Other Democrats who have received money from the producer, but have no made plans to donate include Al Franken ($19,800), Chuck Schumer ($16,200), Kirsten Gillibrand ($11,800), Cory Booker ($7,800), and Elizabeth Warren ($5,000).
Weinstein plans to file a $50M lawsuit against the New York Times in response to their “reckless reporting” and not allowing him to respond to the specific allegations made against him.
Does he think that he can possibly smooth talk his way out of this and make it look less terrible? You don't pay off eight women because you're innocent of these accusations.
Democrats are in a bind now. Let's see if they can wiggle their way out of it.
OzzyBosco Unveils His “School First Aid Box” (SFAB) Campaign
The Kid sensation OzzyBee a.k.a OzzyBosco WonderKid made history on May 26 th 2017 at the National Stadium, Lagos, when he launched his humanitarian health project, tagged: “School First Aid Box” (SFAB) Campaign & donated well equipped boxes to some lucky Schools during the International Children and Youth's Day Celebration.
In an event attended by well over 6000 children and dignitaries, the UNESCO “Child Advocate” Awardee and “Stop Child Cruelty” Campaigner unveiled his SFAB initiative and spoke passionately on the importance of well-equipped First Aid Boxes in Schools. His vision is to take this laudable project to schools nationwide (private and public alike) especially the Physically Challenged and indigent schools in rural areas where conventional medical facilities are not at close range. His mission is to see these Boxes in all Primary and Secondary schools no matter the location and standard of the institution.
Such humanitarian gesture is however not alien to the young philanthropist who as part of his “Stop Child Cruelty” (SCC) Campaign had gone all the way to the ancient city of Zaria in Kaduna State where he visited and assisted (financially and materially) the 4 year old Usman Sadiq whose eyes were brutally plucked out by ritualists.
The Children's Day event did not come to a close without OzzyBee demonstrating the very best of his artistry on the dance floor when he performed live his trending song CHARLIE DANCE featuring legendary rappers; Ruggedman and Vector. In response to his mammoth fans request, he also performed his yet to be released Afro-deistical song CHINEKE MERE YA (Meaning: The Lord Has Done It) which got the crowd of children overwhelmingly excited hence they rushed after him in a mob style (see attached video). In his words, “FIRST AID BOX IS A MUST IN EVERY SCHOOL, A Healthy Nation Is A Wealthy Nation”.
The post OzzyBosco Unveils His “School First Aid Box” (SFAB) Campaign appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Are you an Indiana Pacers fan that lives (or lived) outside the United States? We would like to hear from you.
After seeing fans from Japan and China at the Indiana Pacers win over the Orlando Magic it got us thinking about how many fans of the team are outside of the US.
But instead of just thinking about it, we want to hear from you, the Indiana Pacers fans abroad.
We want to know what it is like to be a fan of a league well outside of your country (and time zone). Is it as easy as it is for American fans of the EPL and other European soccer leagues or does it require some real work to watch your favorite team?
How passionate are you? Do you have a group of fellow fans to enjoy games with — or maybe recreate the team's best moments?
Fill out the form below and we'll see where in the world we can find Indiana Pacers fans.
The Pacers will soon be headed abroad themselves. On January 12th, Indiana faces off with the Denver Nuggets in London.
More from 8 Points, 9 Seconds
This article originally appeared on
(AP Photo/Mark Baker). Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson dives during the group D match between Iceland and Croatia, at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Rostov Arena in Rostov-on-Don, Russia, Tuesday, June 26, 2018.
COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) - After impressing at the World Cup, Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag.
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander "hasn't gone unnoticed." Halldorsson's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina.
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got "a concrete bid from Qarabag, which we have accepted." Details of the deal were not released.
Halldorsson, who played 69 games for the team, said "it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man who died on Chester Zoo's car park after getting trapped under a bus has been named locally as married dad-of-three Wayne Lannon.
Emergency services rushed to the major tourist attraction shortly after midday on Wednesday (June 14), but the 46-year-old from Wigan was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.
It is understood that Mr Lannon was a mechanic and had been carrying out maintenance on the double decker bus when the tragedy occurred.
An eye-witness told The Chronicle there was a 'massive bang' as the vehicle - which was believed to be empty at the time - came down on top of the victim.
Cheshire Police said an investigation has been launched into the incident, and the Health and Safety Executive has been informed.
Mr Lannon has been described by friends as ‘one in a million', the Manchester Evening News reports.
Tributes poured in for Mr Lannon, who is understood to be a married father-of-three.
Ryan Liptrot posted on Facebook: “Rest in Peace, Wayne Lannon. A status I never thought I would be writing, a great gent a guy that was class with everyone and it was a pleasure to call you my friend.”
Dylan Jones wrote: “RIP Wayne, you'll never be forgotten.”
(Photo: Facebook)
Debby Lockett poasted: “RIP lovely funny Wayne.”
Sharon Jones said: “RIP Wayne. You were one in a million and we will never forget you.”
Neighbours on Mr Lannon's street, in the Beech Hill area of Wigan, said he was popular in the area, having lived there for more than two decades.
One resident said: “Wayne was a really nice guy and a good neighbour, very well known in the area. He had lived here, on this road, for more than 20 years.
“It's so, so sad for his family. I can't believe it's happened.”
Chester Zoo chief executive Mark Pilgrim said: “We can confirm with real sadness that a man passed away in our public coach park earlier today.
“First aid teams and other zoo staff assisted the emergency services, but sadly the man died at the scene.
“Our thoughts and sympathies are very much with his family and all involved.”
A spokesman for Cheshire police said: “Shortly after 12.30pm today, Wednesday June 14, officers were called to reports of an incident outside Chester Zoo.
“Officers attended the scene and found that a man had become trapped under a double decker bus on the coach car park outside the zoo.
“The bus is believed to have been empty at the time the incident occurred.
“The North West Ambulance Service attended the incident and sadly the man was pronounced dead at the scene. “An police investigation into the circumstances surrounding the incident is currently underway and the Health and Safety Executive has been informed.
“Police, fire and ambulance remain in attendance at the scene and, as a result of the incident, a small section was screened off from public access.”
Police said Mr Lannon's next of kin had been informed of his death.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
The Senate rejected a ban on late-term abortions late Monday. It was an unsurprising outcome, but such a ban is a big priority for anti-abortion-rights politicians in Congress.
The bill would have banned all abortions after 20 weeks on the grounds that the fetus would feel pain and suffer during the procedure.
Abortion is legal in the U.S. and protected as a right to privacy. But why would any woman want such a late-term abortion, anyway? And can a fetus really feel pain?
Dr. Daniel Grossman of the University of California San Francisco boiled it down to a series of tweets.
“Research has shown a fetus does not yet have the capacity to experience pain until at least the third trimester, and unlikely until birth,” he said in one tweet addressed to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Kentucky Republican.
.@SenateMajLdr, you noted that “fetal pain” is your main reason for banning abortion at 20 weeks, and I'd like to take the opportunity to share some evidence-based medical information on this with you, as well. https://t.co/PsoxO8nrsj — Dr. Daniel Grossman (@DrDGrossman) January 26, 2018
“This has become such a highly politicized topic that the facts really get lost,” Grossman told NBC News.
Scientific studies indicate it's not biologically possible for a fetus to feel pain, he said.
“The nerve fibers that connect the pain receptors to the cerebral cortex, where they would be able to perceive the pain, those fibers aren't even present until the third trimester of pregnancy – after 26 or 28 weeks,” he said.
Related: Ireland weighs change in abortion laws
“So the connections just aren't there. All the best evidence by researchers in this area indicate that if the fetus can feel pain at all while in the womb, it's really later, in the third trimester,” he added.
“There is some data to suggest that the fetus is kind of in a semi-anesthesized state throughout all of the pregnancy and that all of the perceptions are blunted.”
Women seek abortions after 20 weeks for many reasons, Grossman said, including a late diagnosis of a severe fetal abnormality that means it would not survive after birth, or be in severe pain.
Women may also need an abortion to save their lives. “Sometimes the patient may develop complications of the pregnancy and the treatment is delivery and when that is at 20 or 21 weeks, that means terminating the pregnancy,” Grossman said.
Related: Trump decision to protect anti-abortion doctors draws criticism
“I really feel like it's important for policymakers, legislators, to use the best available scientific evidence when they are making policy related to health. I also think it's important for them to listen to the patients that are affected by this healthcare and neither of those things were done related to this recent bill.”
Similar to the fight to pass the Partial Birth Abortion Ban Act and the Unborn Victims of Violence Act, it's only a matter of time until we secure the votes to pass the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. — Lindsey Graham (@LindseyGrahamSC) January 29, 2018
And, Grossman asserted, state laws aimed at protecting unborn babies are in fact forcing women to have later and later abortions.
“It's also important to recognize that women have to jump through more and more hoops to access abortion care here in the U.S. even though it's still legal. And those obstacles that are put in their way are creating delays before they can access care,” he said.
Restrictive laws in Texas, for example, led to clinic closures that meant longer waits for abortions. “There was a 27 percent increase in second-trimester abortions,” he said.
Snow is expected across southern Ontario starting today and into tomorrow morning.
Environment Canada has issued a weather statement saying the region can expect five to 10 centimetres of snow as a result of a winter weather system called an “Alberta Clipper.”
The agency says there may be a few flurries earlier in the day but the steadier snow is expected to start this afternoon.
It says driving conditions are likely to be poor.
Whether Sheriff or Makarfi, Supreme Court won't change anything in PDP, says Emmanuel
Akwa Ibom State governor, Udom Gabriel Emmanuel, was the chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) committee that zoned its chairmanship to the Northeast geo-political zone, a decision that led to the emergence of Senator Ali Modu Sheriff in controversial circumstances. Both Sheriff and Senator Ahmed Makarfi have been locked in a protracted litigation which is now before the apex court with threats to the continued existence of the party. But Emmanuel, who justified his committee's decision, said the final verdict would further strengthen the party. NIYI BELLO (Head, Politics Desk)
The zoning that brought Sheriff
I was the chairman of the zoning committee and I did not, personally on my own, zone it to Borno. Mind you, in the zoning committee, we were over one hundred and working under a democracy. If you look at how we arrived at that zoning formula, it was based on the strength of the party in each of the geo-political zones of Nigeria. At the time I served as the zoning committee chairman, PDP was strongest in the South-South and we were trying to avoid a situation where we will leave it open. We were so strong in the South-South that we could easily bring somebody and even cause more disruption in the party. In that, because of the membership strength, there were a lot of people in the party that could support ten candidates. We didn't want that. So we wanted to bring back everybody and we therefore had to do a zoning that would balance the party. That was what we did.
We actually did it based on the six geo-political zones and not to a particular state. It is when it gets to your own zone, that you people will now sit down and decide which state gets what. On the zoning committee, I carried only one vote. I was just the first among equals and I didn't lord it over everybody. I am not that kind of person. The committee was a democratic committee, so I carried only one vote.
Could the zoning decision have been a mistake?
People in PDP are mere mortals. Even William Shakespeare wrote that nobody can, by mere looking into the face, tell the construction of a heart, how much more a zoning committee of hundred people. PDP had never claimed to be above mistake and we never claimed that we could tell what a person has in mind based on outward appearance. But I don't regret whatever decision we have made as a party on that issue. I am one person that once I take a decision, I action. I took that person at that point in time, based on what was happening at the period. So it was the best of judgment at that minute. Things and situations change but it is only God that does not change. The question now is what can we do to resolve the problem? And that is where our ingenuity in crisis management comes in. I mean the ability of our leadership to manage the party out of that situation and at the same time, obey the rule of law. The situation does not also call for castigating anybody's character. At the point we took that decision, we stood by it. Be rest assured that we are going to resolve the matter amicably. Before Sherriff was appointed or was nominated to be the chairman, the forum talked to so many other people. There was actually an interview process and everybody at that committee accepted that it was the best decision. Can that decision change the next minute? The answer is yes. We are mere mortals, not God.
On which side of the divide do you belong?
I belong to the PDP, not any side. But at the same time, I belong to everybody. Once you are a PDP member, with all sincerity of purpose, you are my party member. After the Supreme Court judgment, name of individuals would disappear and the party will still remain. People go to the polls to vote the party and not the individual. So anywhere the judgment goes to, I remain PDP. I will not leave PDP. I believe the judgment is not going to change the colour of our party and it won't change the umbrella. It won't change anything about our party. The party would remain PDP and we will wax stronger.
Why do states find it difficult to conduct council poll?
Here I will only speak for myself and I wouldn't say it is difficult. When probably people refer to the interview I gave a fortnight ago on why I didn't do local government elections, I was quite clear. I said in the hierarchy of needs, some are fundamental and urgent and important; some are important but not so urgent and may not be so fundamental. I consider meeting other basic needs of people more fundamental and urgent. In our politics of inclusiveness, I don't sit in my office and write names of those who are in the local government transition committees. That is what makes it different. Those I put under local government transitional committee, even if I do election, are the same people that will go 100 percent because I throw this thing back to the people to decide on how we should do it. We called stakeholders meetings to decide these things.
Again, we didn't have money to do it and no matter how you do the exercise, you must run the election in almost 3000 units. Look at the personnel I will employ alone to cut across that. Look at the material I would need and here, when you are doing anything, you are bringing your own infrastructure. Look at the power I need to provide for it to run. Look at the security Look at resources, mobility and vehicles because they must convey materials. When you put these things together, you wonder, what am I set to achieve? What is the purpose because you see, at times, we don't bother to ask ourselves, what am I set out to achieve? Just for me to have someone to govern a local government? When in the same way too I can assemble stakeholders to get the posts filled and then use that money to pay the local government employees who have not been paid for sometimes and pay the pensioners who could die while standing to vote in that election. Who would go to vote if everybody is hungry? Some of these things are not cast in stones. You can actually look at what the law allows you to do and do that in the context of available resources and what you want to achieve for your people. I think my people are very happy. If you hear anybody going to court, know that it is an exception. In every situation, there are people who act as disruptors. The question is, are we going to do local government election? The answer is yes. I am meeting with the State Independent Electoral Commissioner so that we chart how we are going to run the election. We are certainly going to do it.
Experience in the last two years as Akwa Ibom governor
There are two types of politicians, professionals in politics and professional politicians. That we are professionals in politics means that we have been prepared for leadership over time. You know your vision is limited by your exposure. I believe my experience so far, with the exposure we had over time, our training both in and out of classroom, our hands-on experience, our interaction with the outside world, across the globe and even among the masses at the grassroots, by the time you combine all of them together, they contribute to different areas. Take for example the heart you have towards a common man, what can trigger that off is actually your experience relating to that common man. For instance, despite huge investments in education at all levels, you still see hundreds of children on the streets at school hours. And even if you say lets go and arrest the parent for not sending them to school, a child walks up to you and you ask, ‘why didn't you go to school?' And he replies, ‘sorry sir, I couldn't go because I didn't eat.' At that point in time, goose pimples will be all over you. How can you spend so much providing free and compulsory education and even when the child goes to school he cannot still do well because basic things have not been tackled? It is all these things put together that actually makes you prepared for the job. You are going to make sacrifices, you are willing to push, in fact, you are afraid to celebrate, you can't even celebrate what you do because you believe you have a lot of miles to cover because of what you see. You turn around in terms of medical services and you see somebody who has a disease that can easily be treated but because the person would need to travel miles in order to get either secondary healthcare or tertiary healthcare, and in the course of doing that, the situation gets terribly worse. So you can't rest, you can't celebrate anything until you make sure you have actually allowed people to have access to these and also an affordable term. So I think those are the things that prepared people like me for this job.
Are you fulfilled yet about plans for the state?
I just gave you an example of what will make me not to be fulfilled. That is why I said a job well done, means much more job to be done. I can only be fulfilled, any day I look and see that our per-capital income is comparable to what others are able to achieve outside this country. Nobody has a monopoly of God. Those whose per capital are in tens and hundreds of thousands of US dollars don't have the monopoly of God. Those who have some of these things in excess and who have totally overcome the problems against living good life don't have monopoly of God. I can only be fulfilled when I see Nigerians at that level. I can never feel fulfilled no matter what I do from both inside and outside. I can only be fulfilled if I provide free and compulsory education and every time, in the morning, a child is jumping to go to school because he must have had a balanced diet, must have eaten well, must have had enough protein that can actually enable that child to develop, so that when the child is in the class and the child is being taught, he would be able to assimilate, will be able to feel happy going to school, not when a child is afraid that as I am coming back from school, won't they even first send me to farm before I even come back to have my lunch? Even when we are moving towards providing school feeding system, it is still not enough.
When the school is not in session, won't the child still eat, when they are on long vacation, what happened? What happened at weekends when the child does not go to school? So it is a whole lot to be done. It's too early to start drumming up and say whether one is fulfilled. And that fulfillment would not be limited to the state that you come from but cut across the whole country. It wouldn't just be enough for us to overcome it in my own state without the neighbouring states. It is simple. If you train your state indigenes and you don't train your neighbours, know that even your children too wouldn't be at peace. It must cut across. Don't just train your child and leave your neighbours child and think your child would be at peace. It doesn't still work that way.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Jennifer Collier was trying to load groceries into her car while holding her 7-month-old daughter in 100 degree weather Monday when she said her keys became locked in her car.
Collier, of New Columbia, Illinois, said she used the remote start feature on her car to begin cooling it off and then threw her keys and phone in the passenger seat while she loaded groceries from the local Walmart into the trunk of her car.
She quickly realized that her car doors had locked and only her trunk was open, meaning she would have to slide through a very tiny space to get to a door and unlock it.
Jennifer Collier
"I was just standing at the trunk of the car with my daughter thinking what do I do now," Collier recalled. "I couldn't call anybody because I didn't have my phone."
"My first thought was to borrow a phone and call my husband, but he was out of town about an hour away," she said.
Collier scanned the parking lot and recognized a woman who had commented that Ellie was "beautiful" while they were in the store. The woman was dressed in hospital scrubs so she thought would be a good person to ask for help.
"She came running up with her baby and said she needed help," said Stacie Nourie, the stranger Collier recognized from the store.
Collier asked Nourie, an occupational therapy assistant who was on her way home from work, if she would hold Ellie while she tried to squeeze through to the front seat. Instead, Nourie volunteered to squeeze through herself and handed Collier her work ID badge so it wouldn't get lost.
"I shimmied through the little hole and unlocked the door," Nourie said. "I told her, 'We moms have to stick together. It's no big deal.'"
Collier said Nourie, whose name she didn't know at the time, then disappeared before could say a proper thank-you.
"She was this blonde, smiling angel who appeared out of nowhere and then disappeared just as quickly," Collier said.
Collier took to Facebook, using the first name she remembered from Nourie's ID badge, to search for the woman she called her "Walmart angel."
Nourie's niece saw the post and texted her that she was going viral.
"She said, 'Aunt Stacie is that you?,' and I read it and said, 'Yes it is. How did you make that connection?'" Nourie recalled. "And she said, 'It just sounded like you.'"
Stacie Nourie
Nourie got in touch through Facebook with Collier, who discovered she grew up in the same town, Metropolis, Illinois, where Nourie now lives. The two women have been in touch and Collier plans to give her a thank-you gift soon.
"She's the hero," Collier said of Nourie. "We're glad that the story had touched some people and hope it would inspire other people."
Nourie, a mother of two, said she is overwhelmed by the response and Collier's gratitude.
"I just saw another mother in need and of course I was going to help her," she said. "It's just instinct to help as a parent, or as anyone really."
Basil Eleby admits to struggling with addiction but, the once-homeless man, says he did not ignite the fire that lead to the collapse of a huge chunk of I-85 in Atlanta last spring. He has reached an agreement and will not be prosecuted for arson and criminal damage. Eleby will go through an 18-month diversion program for his addiction. It will be through Fulton County's Behavioral Health Treatment Court, and his completion is crucial in determining whether the two felony charges against him will remain. If he doesn't complete the program, Eleby could be sentenced to 20 years in prison for arson in the first degree, and 10 years for criminal damage to property.
Eleby said, following Friday's appearance in Fulton County Court, “There are so many people out there who still are where I was a couple of months ago, out in the cold, out in the rain, and they feel they just don't have anywhere to go.” That's among the reasons Eleby, with the help of Sankofa United Church of Christ, and other organizations, is holding a winter coat and blanket drive this week.
Sankofa Pastor, Rev. Derrick Rice, is among those who have claimed all along that Eleby is “ just another man of color who was set up .” Others writing on social media, believe that politics is the reason Eleby is being given another chance. The highway was repaired in 6 weeks
The winter coat and blanket drive will be held this Wednesday, December 13, 2017, beginning at 7:14pm at Sankofa United Church of Christ, which is located at 1187 Ralph David Abernathy Blvd Southwest in Atlanta.
Expand The American and Israeli flags outside the U.S Embassy in Tel Aviv December 5, 2017. © 2017 Reuters
The US State Department's newly released human rights report, designed to be a “factual resource” on human rights abuses in nearly 200 countries and to inform US foreign policy, has numerous problems and omissions – including with the chapters covering Israel and Palestine.
The problems start with the chapters' names. In previous years, the State Department produced joint but separate chapters on “Israel” and “The Occupied Territories.” This year the State Department renamed the chapters “Israel and the Golan Heights” and the “West Bank and Gaza.” Additionally, the report almost entirely removes any reference to the occupation. Occupying powers have particular responsibilities under international humanitarian law and obscuring the nature of Israel's control undermines efforts to hold Israel to these standards.
Also, the report goes even further than previous years in ceding to the Israeli government's narrative on key issues. For example, last year's report highlights “institutional and societal discrimination against Arab citizens of Israel” as among Israel's “most significant human rights problems.” This is gone in this year's report, a trend across many chapters of removing societal discrimination from the top line summaries.
In fact, the “Israel and the Golan Heights” chapter explicitly omits to mention Israel's two-tiered discriminatory system in Jerusalem, where Israeli policy explicitly sets out as a goal “maintaining a solid Jewish majority in the city.” Instead, the report speaks of “Israeli residents of Jerusalem” – which presumably includes illegal Jewish settlers in East Jerusalem – explicitly leaving almost all mention of Palestinian residents in Jerusalem to the “West Bank and Gaza” chapter.
This year's report also diverges from previous years by noting its drafters “sought and received input from the government of Israel (and, where relevant, the Palestinian Authority) with regard to allegations of human rights abuses.” Notably, this type of caveat or sourcing explanation does not appear in the chapters of other close US allies like Japan, the United Kingdom, France, or Germany.
The US has for decades failed to sufficiently use its leverage to pressure Israel's government to end decades of repression, institutionalized discrimination, and systematic abuse of Palestinians' rights. This year's report, though, speaks to the shift under the Trump administration to further whitewashing of those abuses, even while acknowledging, at times, that abuses against Palestinians have been independently documented by groups like Human Rights Watch.
Far from strengthening the US's standing, turning a blind eye to reality only isolates the US from the international consensus around Israel's abuses and makes its voice less credible and relevant.
Transcript for Author Kelly Oxford talks new book and social media fame
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The UK introduced new laws May 30 that will restrict all unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) from flying above 400 ft. and within 1km (.62 mile) of airport boundaries.
However, the British Airline Pilots' Association (BALPA) responded with alarm to the announcement, saying that—while it is pleased the government is taking steps to improve safety—the restrictions need to go much further to make the use of drones near airports safe.
BALPA described the “limited restrictions” allowing drones to be flown up to 400 ft. just 1km from an airport boundary as “very dangerous” as aircraft would already be at a lower altitude at this point on approach to an airport. It urged stronger regulations.
Following a steady increase in reports of UAV incidents with aircraft—89 were recorded in 2017 compared to 71 in 2016—the new measures are intended to reduce the possibility of damage to windows and engines of aircraft. The changes will become formally effective July 30.
UAV users who flout the new height and airport boundary restrictions could be charged with recklessly or negligently acting in a manner likely to endanger an aircraft or any person in an aircraft. This could result in an unlimited fine, up to five years in prison, or both.
From Nov. 30, 2019, owners of UAVs weighing 250 grams (.55 lb.) or more will also be required to register with UK aviation regulator the CAA and UAV pilots will have to take an online safety test, in an attempt to weed out irresponsible flyers.
Users who fail to register or sit for competency tests could face fines of up to £1,000 ($1,330).
Eventually, UAV operators will also be required to use apps so they can access information needed to make sure any planned flight can be made safely and legally.
“We are seeing fast growth in the numbers of drones being used, both commercially and for fun,” UK aviation minister Baroness Sugg said May 30.
“While we want this industry to innovate and grow, we need to protect planes, helicopters and their passengers from the increasing numbers of drones in our skies. These new laws will help ensure drones are used safely and responsibly.”
BALPA demurred: “We hoped we would see something similar to the regulations introduced in Australia, which state that unmanned operations must not be flown within 3 nautical miles (around 5.5km or 3.45 mile) of an airfield,” BALPA flight safety specialist Steve Landells said.
“BALPA is not anti-drone and we understand the commercial considerations in not making laws too restrictive, but a hobbyist drone has no business being flown near an airport.”
London Gatwick Airport COO Chris Woodroofe said it welcomed “the clarity that today's announcement provides as it leaves no doubt that anyone flying a drone must stay well away from aircraft, airports and airfields. These clear regulations, combined with new surveillance technology, will help the police apprehend and prosecute anyone endangering the traveling public.”
In addition to measures introduced May 30, a draft Drones Bill will be published this summer, which will give police more tailored powers to intervene on the spot if drones are being used inappropriately.
For model aircraft flying associations that have a long-standing safety culture, work is underway with the CAA to make sure drone regulations do not impact their activity.
Alan Dron alandron@adepteditorial.com
Zamfara to spend N10b on proposed university
The proposed Zamfara state government owned university is expected to cost N10 billion. This was made known by Governor Abdulaziz Yari on Tuesday, when he received at his Talata-Mafara residence, a team of journalists who were on tour of the state. He said:
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BRISBANE, Australia (AP) Rafael Nadal cuddled a koala on the banks of the river, something that has become a customary photo opportunity for celebrity players on debut at the Brisbane International.
The 14-time major winner has altered his preparation for the Australian Open, hoping a change of venues for the warmup tournaments will bring a change of luck at the season's first Grand Slam tournament after a shocking first-round exit in 2016.
Nadal kicked off his season with a win in an exhibition tournament in Abu Dhabi on New Year's Eve, then headed directly to Australia to fine-tune at the Brisbane International in preference to remaining in the Gulf for the event in Doha.
”I played well in Abu Dhabi … I played three good matches, and that's important for me,” Nadal said Monday after the brief meet-and-greet with a local politician and a native marsupial. ”I really hope the good matches I played in Abu Dhabi helps me for here.”
The 30-year-old Spaniard is playing in Brisbane for the first time, replacing Roger Federer as the tournament's male draw card. He has a tricky opener against Alexandr Dolgopolov and, if he gets through that, a potential quarterfinal against top-seeded Milos Raonic, the defending champion.
Nadal is coming off a left wrist injury that curtailed his 2016 season, and thinks the extra time in Australia will help him prepare to win his first major title since the 2014 French Open.
Until last year, he had reached the quarterfinals or better at every Australian Open he had contested since 2007, including victory in '09 and runs to the final in 2012 and '14.
The wrist injury last year forced Nadal to withdraw from the French Open before the third round and skip Wimbledon. He won the Olympic doubles gold medal for Spain in Rio de Janeiro, but he struggled with the pain and didn't win a title on a surface other than clay in 2016.
”Last year that I was playing great, I get injured in the worst moment possible,” he said. ”I'm happy to be back on the competition again. Abu Dhabi was a good start. I need to continue that way.”
Despite his struggles with injury and the recent dominance of Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic, Nadal thinks he can still contend for the Grand Slam titles.
”Being here in Brisbane is good news for me,” he said, two weeks before the Australian Open starts. ”I don't know if that's going to help me or not – I can tell you after Melbourne, I cannot predict the future.
”The only thing I can say is if I am healthy, I believe that I can do it. If not, I (would) be at home fishing.”
A North East photographer has taken a fascinating look into the world of pigeon racing -and he needs your help.
The public can help Zak Waters further in his ‘labour of love' by backing his Kickstarter project titled Birdmen.
An example of Zak's work in Horden.
The online project is packed with pictures from Zak's work on pigeon racing, including spectacular shots of the birds taking off and others of men tending to their pigeons.
Zak's aim is to raise the funds to turn his fascinating 15-year photography insight into a book which could be published within the next six weeks. It too will be called Birdmen.
People can back him by making pledges to his Kickstarter campaign online here.
By supporting him, people can help to turn the book into a reality.
I stumbled across the birds at Benwell and saw the birds flying from a barbed wire area of town. I went to investigate and found these guys with pigeons and it went from there Zak Waters
Zak, who was brought up in the Sunderland area, and went on to become an award-winning photographer, told how his fascination with the sport first started in the days when he was studying at Northumbria University.
“I stumbled across the birds at Benwell and saw the birds flying from a barbed wire area of town. I went to investigate and found these guys with pigeons and it went from there.”
Zak took pictures all over the country, but especially the Sunderland, Horden and Boldon areas and other parts of the North East.
His work was soon published and it attracted interest from countries such as Holland where pigeon racing is huge. That led to Zak holding an exhibition of his work, and him approaching a publisher to see if there would be interested in a book.
A close-up on pigeon racing in South Shields.
Zak's work has been taken on by Bluecoat Press and a hardback book titled Birdmen is weeks away with Kickstarter backing.
To illustrate it, Zak had an amazing 5,000 frames of work to choose from.
The end result is a selection of around 130 works - of a sport which has seen numbers of registered racers dwindle by half to 60,000.
But Zak is determined to keep it in the profile and people have until early on March 22 to pledge their backing.
Certificates galore for these enthusiasts from Horden.
A close-up on the pigeon racing scene in Sunderland.
KABUL — Afghanistan's Islamic State affiliate has claimed responsibility for a bombing outside a sports stadium in eastern Nangarhar province that killed three people and wounded 10.
In a statement posted late on Monday on an IS-linked website, the militant group said the motorcycle bombing in the provincial capital of Jalalabad targeted a pro-government meeting.
The explosion occurred as former warlord Gulbuddin Hekmatyar wrapped up a rally at the stadium. Hekmatyar, previously a declared terrorist by the United States, signed a peace deal with President Ashraf Ghani in 2017 and was removed from the list.
The Afghan IS affiliate, known as Khorasan Province, is based in Nangarhar.
A separate militant statement on the IS-affiliate Aamaq news agency gave a different version of events, saying the bomb targeted a bus with pro-government militiamen.
Pop star Taylor Swift's civil trial concluded Monday as a Denver jury prepared to weigh in on the singer-songwriter's allegation that a local radio personality sexually assaulted her four years ago.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Taylor Swift groping trial set to begin 2:41 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The disc jockey, David Mueller, 55, first filed a lawsuit, claiming that Swift, 27, had him wrongfully fired after she alleged to his bosses that he sexually assaulted during a June 2, 2013 concert at the Pepsi Center in Denver. He asked for $3 million.
Swift countersued, arguing that Mueller definitely groped her beneath her clothes. She asked for $1.
Related: Here's Why Taylor Swift Chose to Sue for $1 in Sex Assault Case
U.S. District Judge William Martinez dismissed Mueller's suit against Swift on Friday — though he allowed the former DJ's claim that Swift's mother and a member of her management team interfered with his $150,000 a year contract at KYGO-FM to go forward.
DJ David Mueller speaks during the alleged groping trial with Taylor Swift on August 8, 2017 at the Denver Federal Court in Denver, Colorado. Jeff Kandyba
Martinez previously dismissed Mueller's defamation-of-character claim against Swift because he waited too long to file it.
During closing arguments on Monday, Mueller's lawyer, Gabriel McFarland, told the eight-member jury his client would have never compromised his “dream job” to reach under the skirt of one of “the planet's biggest superstars.”
Mueller, he added, is a “guy who by all accounts has been respectful of women and treated them appropriately.”
As McFarland spoke, Swift wept, Reuters reported.
Related: Taylor Swift's Former Bodyguard Says He Saw DJ Reach Under Singer's Skirt
Doug Baldridge, Swift's lawyer, countered that eight witnesses saw the assault, and that Mueller lost his job because “he grabbed her butt and got caught. Now he's victimizing her again to save his butt.”
SQL Vulnerability Assessment has been available for preview on Azure SQL Database for a couple of months, and has now been released on SSMS 17.4, supporting scanning of SQL Server 2012 and up. Whether on-premises or on a VM!
SQL Vulnerability Assessment
SQL Vulnerability Assessment (VA) is your one-stop-shop to discover, track and remediate potential database vulnerabilities. It can be used as an excellent preventive security measure, providing visibility into your security state and offering actionable steps to investigate, manage and resolve security issues and enhance your database fortifications.
Vulnerability Assessment report in SSMS
Not only does VA expose some of the possible security flaws you have in your database system, it also provides remediation scripts to resolve issues within a couple of mouse clicks. In addition, you can accept specific results as your approved baseline state, and the VA scan report will be customized accordingly to expect these values.
Read the entire article here, SQL Vulnerability Assessment now available for SQL Server 2012 and up
Via the fine folks at Microsoft
A California couple is trying to cash in on the ultimate stoop sale.
Two years ago, married real estate investors Michael Cheng and Tina Lam quietly bought one of San Francisco's swankiest streets after the city put it up for auction because the neighborhood homeowners' association had failed to pay its $14-per-year property tax for decades.
"It was a public notice by the county. They post these notices when they have properties that are up for auction," Cheng told NBC News. "We saw it in the newspaper ... so we showed up."
The San Jose couple outlasted several other bidders and purchased Presidio Terrace in April 2015 for $90,100, chump change for a gated, private street that encompasses 35 sprawling homes and a golf club. California Sen. Dianne Feinstein and House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi are former Presidio Terrace residents.
Street signs are seen at the intersection of Presidio Terrace and Arguello at the entrance to the Presidio Terrace neighborhood, Monday, Aug. 7, 2017, in San Francisco. Marcio Jose Sanchez / AP
The purchase gave them the rights to all the common spaces in the enclave, including the sidewalks, boulevard strips, and grass.
While hardly anyone took notice of the sale in April 2015, surprised homeowners have since found out about it. And they're not happy.
Many learned on May 30 when a title search company reached out to them, asking if they wanted to buy the property back from Cheng and Lam, according to the San Francisco Chronicle, which was the first to report on the street sale. The homeowners are now suing the city.
According to the Chronicle, an attorney for the Presidio Homeowners Association said in a letter to the city that a misunderstanding led to the years of outstanding taxes: the bill was being mailed to an address of an accountant who stopped working for them in the 1980s.
That address is now a pilates studio, NBC Bay Area reported.
A construction worker stands in front of a gate leading into the Presidio Terrace neighborhood Monday, Aug. 7, 2017, in San Francisco. Marcio Jose Sanchez / AP
Cheng said that's no excuse.
"They failed to pay their property taxes for over 30 years," he said. "They're now complaining the city should have personally tracked each homeowner down, which no city ever does."
A spokeswoman for the city Office of Treasurer and Tax Collector told NBC Bay Area that everything was done lawfully.
"It's uniform in every county in California, how this happens, and it's really the property owners' responsibility to be up to date on their taxes," Amanda Kahn Fried said.
The homeowners have appealed to the San Francisco Board of Supervisors, and a hearing is set for Oct. 31.
An overview of the Presidio Terrace neighborhood, Monday, Aug. 7, 2017, in San Francisco. Marcio Jose Sanchez / AP
Cheng says he hopes to meet homeowners and find a solution. But for now, he and his wife are continuing to explore ways to make a profit off their investment and are open to all ideas — including charging residents rent to park in front of their own mansions.
"It's an interesting space, and we're not in a rush to do anything with it yet," Cheng said.
SASKATOON — Tyler Steenbergen scored four times and added an assist as the Swift Current Broncos beat the Saskatoon Blades 6-2 on Friday night in Western Hockey League action.
Glenn Gawdin and Kaden Elder also had goals for the Broncos (4-0-0). Logan Flodell kicked out 19 shots for the win in net.
Braylon Shmyr and Bradly Goethals scored for Saskatoon (1-3-0). Joel Grzybowski made 18 saves.
Swift Current went 1 for 5 on the power play with the Blades failing to score on two opportunities.
—
WHEAT KINGS 7 OIL KINGS 3
EDMONTON — Kale Clague scored a hat trick as Brandon downed the Oil Kings.
Ty Lewis, Linden McCorrister, Stelio Mattheos and Gunnar Wegleitner, into an empty net, supplied the rest of the offence for the Wheat Kings (2-2-1).
Brett Kemp, Matthew Robertson and Trey Fix-Wolansky found the back of the net for Edmonton (2-4-0).
Logan Thompson turned aside 31 shots for Brandon. Boston Bilous combined with Travis Child for 15 saves.
—
SILVERTIPS 1 HITMEN 0
CALGARY — Dorrin Luding stopped all 29 shots he faced as Everett shut out the Hitmen.
Kevin Davis had the lone goal for the Silvertips (3-3-0) at 3:03 of the third period.
Nick Schneider turned away 32 shots for Calgary (1-3-1).
—
HURRICANES 4 RAIDERS 1
LETHBRIDGE, Alta. — Tanner Nagel had the winner and Stuart Skinner made 35 saves to lift the Hurricanes past Prince Albert.
Calen Addison, Jayden Davis and Giorgio Estephan also scored for Lethbridge (3-2-0).
Sean Montgomery replied for the Raiders (2-3-0), who got 25 saves from Curtis Meger.
—
WARRIORS 5 ICE 2
MOOSE JAW, Sask. — Brett Howden had a short-handed goal in the second period that stood as the winner as the Warriors got past Kootenay.
Oleg Sosunov, Jayden Halbgewachs, Noah Gregor and Justin Almeida rounded out the attack for Moose Jaw (5-0-0).
Barrett Sheen and Colton Kroeker had goals for the Ice (2-3-1).
Brody Willms turned away 22 shots for the Warriors and Kurtis Chapman stopped 31 shots for Kootenay.
—
TIGERS 4 PATS 2
MEDICINE HAT, Alta. — Ryan Chyzowski knocked in the game-winning goal in the third period as the Tigers doubled up Regina.
Tyler Preziuso, Mark Rassell and Zach Fischer supplied the rest of the offence for Medicine Hat (3-2-0). Jordan Hollett made 19 saves.
Wyatt Sloboshan and George King scored for the Pats (2-3-1). Tyler Brown turned away 27 shots.
—
ROCKETS 7 COUGARS 6 (OT)
PRINCE GEORGE, B.C. — Kole Lind tied the game late in the third period and then won it in overtime as Kelowna edged the Cougars.
Erik Gardiner had two goals and an assist for the Rockets (3-1-1). Nolan Foote, Colum McGauley and Dillon Dube also chipped in. Brodan Salmond made 30 saves for the win in net.
Jared Bethune, Dennis Cholowski, Kody McDonald, Vladislav Mikhalchuk, Jackson Leppard and Josh Maser scored for Prince George (2-3-1). Tavin Grant turned away 26 shots.
Kelowna's James Hilsendager was given a match penalty for charging at 15:01 of the second period.
—
ROYALS 4 BLAZERS 1
KAMLOOPS, B.C. — Chaz Reddekopp had the winner and Griffen Outhouse made 32 saves as Victoria beat the Blazers.
Igor Martynov, Tyler Soy and Dante Hannoun also scored for the Royals (6-0-0).
Nick Chyzowski found the back of the net for Kamloops (0-7-0), which got 18 saves from Dylan Ferguson.
—
WINTERHAWKS 6 CHIEFS 1
SPOKANE, Wash. — Bronson Sharp had the winner as Portland scored six straight to crush the Chiefs.
Ty Kolle, Skyler McKenzie, Keoni Texeira, Ryan Hughes and Cody Glass supplied the rest of the offence for the Winterhawks (3-1-0).
Jake McGrew scored for Spokane (4-2-0).
Cole Kehler turned aside 30 shots for Portland. Dawson Weatherill stopped 28 shots for the Chiefs.
—
GIANTS 6 AMERICANS 3
LANGLEY, B.C. — Brayden Watts and Owen Hardy both struck twice as Vancouver downed the Americans.
Ty Ronning and Tyler Ho also chipped in for the Giants (2-2-0).
Isaac Johnson had a pair of goals for Tri-City (2-3-0) with Maxwell James adding the other.
David Tendeck made 26 saves for Vancouver with Beck Warm turning aside 33 shots for the Americans.
Claims by an Ozaukee County judge that his colleagues are guilty of criminal misconduct are baseless, an investigator said Tuesday.
Source: WisconsinRapidsDailyTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Norfolk County OPP are reminding drivers they must stop for school buses after a bus driver contacted police earlier this week.
Monday, the driver's school bus was stopped with lights flashing when a tan-coloured GMC Yukon failed to stop and almost struck a child. The bus driver gave police the vehicle's licence plate number and they followed up with an investigation.
Police are reminding drivers that vehicles must stop 20 metres behind a stopped school bus when its overhead red alternating lights are flashing. If approaching the bus from the front, drivers also have to stop if there is no median on the road. Drivers can proceed when the bus signals are off and it is moving again.
Drivers who don't stop for a bus can be fined between $400 and $2,000 for a first offence and $1,000 to $4,000 for subsequent offences.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. — Renegade Republican Roy Moore may be plagued by scandal, but scandal alone will not convince the voters of 44th Place North to show up for Democrat Doug Jones.
In a state where Democrats are used to losing, malaise hangs over this quiet African-American neighbourhood in suburban Birmingham, even three days before Alabama's high-profile Senate contest. It is supposed to be a Democratic stronghold, yet the Jones campaign signs are hard to find.
“A lot of people don't vote because they think their vote don't count,” Ebonique Jiles, 27, said after promising a Jones volunteer she would support the Democrat in Tuesday's election. “I'll vote regardless of whether he wins or loses.”
With history and math working against them in deep-red Alabama, Democrats fought Saturday to energize a winning coalition of African-Americans and moderate Republicans — a delicate balancing act on full display as Jones and his network of volunteers canvassed the state. Moore, by contrast, held no public events, a familiar strategy as he bets big that the state's strong Republican leanings will carry him to the Senate, despite his shortcomings.
During an appearance near the staging ground for Selma's landmark “Bloody Sunday” civil rights march, Jones declared that Alabama has an opportunity to go “forward and not backward.”
“This campaign has the wind at its back because we are bringing people together from all across this state,” Jones said after a meeting at Brown Chapel A.M.E. Church. “The other side is trying to divide us more than they bring people together.”
He was later joined by New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker, one of only two African-American Democrats in the Senate, who offered a warning to voters gathered at Alabama State University: “Bad people get elected when good people don't vote.”
Saturday evening, Moore's camp organized two get-out-the-vote concerts expected to draw overwhelmingly white voters — including some open-minded Republicans — in a state that hasn't elected a Democrat to the Senate in more than a quarter century.
Moore got a big boost the night before in nearby Pensacola, Florida, where President Donald Trump encouraged voters to “get out and vote for Roy Moore.” Trump has also recorded a phone message on Moore's behalf set to be distributed to Alabama voters on Monday, said White House spokesman Raj Shah.
The White House support comes even as the 70-year-old Moore faces multiple accusations of sexual misconduct, including allegations that he molested two teenage girls and pursued romantic relationships with several others while in his 30s. He has largely denied the allegations.
The explosive charges, which many Washington Republicans describe as credible, are giving Democrats a rare opportunity to pick up a Senate seat in the Deep South, where Republicans significantly outnumber Democrats. Even if Jones wins on Tuesday, many Democrats expect the GOP to re-claim the seat when the term expires at the end of 2020.
Beneath Jones' biracial and bipartisan balancing act is a complex numbers game that has vexed Alabama Democrats for decades.
The party's core of black voters and white liberals — plus a smidgen of old-guard, more conservative “Southern Democrats” who've held on amid the region's partisan shift — is worth no more than 40 per cent in statewide elections. That's been true in high-turnout elections, with former President Barack Obama twice landing between 38 and 39 per cent, and the most recent governor's race in 2014, when the Democratic nominee pulled just 36 per cent.
African-Americans make up about 25 per cent of eligible voters, though Democratic pollster Zac McCrary said Jones needs black voters to comprise 27 per cent or more of those who show up at the polls on Tuesday. Jones then needs to win one in three white voters in the state, which would require capturing about 15 per cent of Republicans, McCrary said.
Such dynamics are difficult to overcome, said Democratic strategist Keenan Pontoni, who managed the campaign of Georgia congressional hopeful Jon Ossoff earlier this year. Ossoff aimed for an upset in the 6th Congressional District of Georgia, but ultimately came up short in Atlanta's Republican-leaning northern suburbs.
“The only way you win in these kinds of districts and states is a coalition that is obviously very hard to put together,” Pontoni said. “You're going after voters who think and vote very differently.”
Much like Jones, Ossoff used an extensive, data-driven ground game to maximize Democratic support, while using television advertising to strike a moderate, non-partisan tone. Ossoff didn't have a controversial opponent like Moore, but he ran against Washington dysfunction as a way to reach moderates.
On the ground in Alabama on Saturday, Jones dispatched hundreds of volunteers across the state to knock on doors to identify likely supporters in neighbourhoods that featured high concentrations of African-Americans and Republicans who supported Moore's GOP primary opponent, current Sen. Luther Strange.
Jones volunteer Dana Ellis, a 64-year-old nurse, navigated icy sidewalks in Birmingham's Kingston neighbourhood, which is overwhelmingly African-American, to ensure likely Jones supporters vote on Tuesday. Unlike many states, Alabama doesn't offer early voting.
“Roy Moore will not win if people turn out to vote,” Ellis said.
Many voters on the list provided by the campaign didn't answer their doors Saturday morning. Those who did suggest they would support Jones, even if they didn't know him well.
Oweda Clark, who lives just around the corner from 44th Place North, admits it's hard being a Democrat in Alabama. But she told Ellis that she plans to vote for Jones anyway.
“I don't like Roy Moore. I don't like what he stands for,” she said.
——
Chandler reported from Selma. Associated Press writer Bill Barrow in Pensacola, Florida, contributed to this report.
——
This story has been corrected to say that there are two African-American Democrats in the Senate.
Sports News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: www.ghanaweb.com
2017-10-06
play videoStephen Appiah, Technical Coordinator of the Black Stars
The Technical Coordinator of the Black Stars, Stephen Appiah says the time has come for the current crop of players to play for national pride despite the heavy odds that are against Ghana in the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign.
The Black Stars will later this weekend find out if the slim mathematical chance they have of qualifying to the tournament is still alive or over, but first they have to beat Uganda in Kampala and hope that Egypt will falter at home to Congo to stand any chance at all.
Many have given up on the idea that Ghana can upset the odds to seal qualification to their fourth successive World Cup appearance as the qualifiers enter the penultimate stages.
But the man who spearheaded Ghana's first qualification to the FIFA World Cup (Germany 2006) Stephen Appiah, says even though the challenge seem insurmountable, the Stars must give it their best shot and remember they are playing for pride.
“I think that in life you always have to be positive and you always have to believe in yourself. I remember that when we drew against Congo in Kumasi, people became very skeptical but then we went to Congo and beat them 5-1. Look, I think that it will be difficult for Ghana to qualify because Egypt will play Congo at home and we know that the Egyptians have a good team and won't let this chance slide. But what I have been telling the Black Stars is that it is time for pride. As you can see, in the FIFA Rankings we are very low so we have to try and win matches and come up the rankings, as far as the World Cup qualification is concerned we say never.”
The Black Stars, who arrived in Kampala yesterday (Thursday) have two matches to play in the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifiers; one against Uganda on Saturday, October 7 and the last one against Egypt in Kumasi in November.
The Black Stars have been rocked by injuries to key players ahead of the penultimate qualifier with the Red Devils in Kampala.
Skipper Asamoah Gyan, winger Thomas Agyepong and Columbus Crew duo Harrison Afful and Jonathan Mensah have all been ruled out. This is after Appiah left out Jordan and Andre Ayew.
But despite lacking high profile names, Appiah expects the available players to get the job done.
”Players that are in now, their confidence levels are rising slowly and for that reason, I believe when they go out there, there's not too much pressure on them as they are able to express themselves,”
“The squad is in high spirits especially after the huge win in Congo. We are hoping to extend that form in Kampala,”
“We are not under pressure but a win will be very positive for us. We will give it our all.”
Ghana trail Group E leaders Egypt by four points and Uganda by two points after picking up 5 points from their first four games of the qualifiers.
Watch the interview below
Georgia Equality hosts 13th Annual Evening for Equality Gala with cocktails, dinner and a host of LGBT-friendly elected officials, gay bigwigs and these local heroes.
By Matthew Holley
Continuing its ongoing efforts to advance fairness, safety and opportunity for all of Georgia's LGBT communities, Georgia Equality cordially invites you to its 13th Annual Evening for Equality.
Hundreds of Georgia's most important community leaders attend the annual soiree to bear witness for the presentation of Georgia Equality's Equality Awards at a lavish dinner reception to honor the achievements and contributions of the movement's leaders and luminaries from the past year.
We've gathered all of the deets for the who, what, where, when and why of one of gay Atlanta's most highly anticipated celebrations.
WHO:
Georgia Equality has strived endlessly for over a decade evolving its magnanimous mission, “to advance fairness, safety and opportunity for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender communities and our allies throughout the state.”
In all actuality, GE is two organizations working as one. Georgia Equality, Inc. guides the compass to pass pro-equality legislation and aims to elect passionate, open-minded public servants who only yearn to further GE's advancement. Additionally, the Equality Foundation of Georgia conducts a myriad of tasks such as voter registration, educational activities, providing information to lawmakers, and working to organize and rally LGBT residents, allies and friends across the entire state.
WHAT:
The 13th Annual Evening for Equality is a traditional gala, hosted each year allowing all of GE's leaders, members and friends to come together for one evening and revel in the camaraderie and compassion each individual has for equal rights for all citizens of Georgia.
WHERE:
Evening for Equality will be held at InterContinental Buckhead Atlanta, in one of the host hotel's luxury ballrooms. For all attending guests who wish to stay at the InterContinental, a discount code is provided at the GE website.
WHEN:
The evening commences on Saturday, June 17, with the Host & VIP Reception beginning at 6:00 PM, General Tickets admissions at 7:00 PM and the gala officially starting at 7:30 p.m.
WHY:
For this one night, GE has opted to take a moment to say thanks and shine light on specific individuals and groups who have risen above and beyond over the past year. Each honoree is award an accolade pertaining to the work he, she and/or they contributed for creating positive change in such a polarizing political climate. The 2017 Equality Award Honorees are:
Daniel Driffin, The Allen Thornell Political Advancement Award
Daniel is the first person openly living with HIV to address the Democratic National Convention in the past 20 years. He is a graduate of GE's Youth HIV Policy Advisory program and is the co-chair of the Fulton County Task Force on HIV/AIDS. He also founded THRIVE SS, which is a nonprofit concentrated on providing networking opportunities for black gay and bisexual men living with HIV. is the co-chair of the Fulton County Task Force on HIV/AIDS.
The Georgia Legislative Black Caucus, The Champion for Equality Award
The GLBC organization has been at the helm on educating the legislature on HIV/AIDS issues, with an aware priority to drive home support for Comprehensive and Inclusive Civil Rights and Nondiscrimination legislation. The caucus has always been undeniably supportive of Georgia Equalities issues during General Assembly.
Jen Slipakoff, The Guiding State Award
As a mother of a transgender girl, Jen has been a precise and outspoken advocate for transgender rights in Georgia. She has worked alongside Georgia Equality, as well as PFLAG and the HRC Atlanta Steering Committee.
Pro-Georgia, The Phillip Rush Community Center Award
Since its inception, ProGeorgia has progressed from a group of 12 organizations with a budget of $250,000 into a political driving force of 32 organizations with a budget of $1.3 million. ProGeorgia has helped transform the political landscape of Georgia through synchronized civic engagement efforts, resulting in registering more than 80,000 people to vote.
Share
Twitch has revealed the May lineup for its Free Games with Prime program. Headlined by indie darling Gone Home, May's slate of six games features an eclectic bunch of critically acclaimed indies that are sure to appeal to a wide variety of gamers.
By now, Gone Home probably doesn't need an introduction. The 2013 game from Fullbright was one of the first major successes in the walking simulator genre, and featured a gripping domestic mystery that focuses on narrative over gameplay. If you still haven't gotten around to Gone Home, this is an opportunity you shouldn't pass up.
Next up is Titan Souls, a devilishly challenging top-down adventure with pixelated visuals. You play as a nameless hero who must defeat 19 challenging bosses called Titans. To make matters more challenging, you only wield a single arrow. So each time you shoot, you must go retrieve the arrow from the target. It may not sound as appealing, but this 2015 indie is a tough-as-nails delight that makes great use of its singular mechanic.
Also up for grabs is the 2003 cult hit Psychonauts from Double Fine Productions. The platforming game focuses on a summer camp for psychically gifted kids. Raz, with the help of other campers, suspects that something bigger is going on at the camp and sets off to investigative. Wonderful dialogue, neat powers, interesting set pieces, and the endless charm that Double Fine is known for are all on display in Psychonauts.
Zany physics-based arcade racer Clustertruck tasks players with maneuvering through all sorts of ridiculous hazards during its increasingly challenging series of levels.
You can also pick up High Hell, a “neon-soaked” first-person shooter with simplistic but appealing visuals and fast-paced action that will appeal to fans of old-school shooters.
Rounding out May's lineup is I, Hope, a poignant adventure about a young girl who has been affected by cancer. According to its Steam page, I, Hope was created specifically to inspire kids who are battling cancer, and all developer profits are being donated to Game Changer Charity, a nonprofit whose mission is to help kids in hospitals.
All six games will be available for free for Amazon Prime members. Even if you're subscription lapses, you can still play Free Games with Prime. May's games go live on the first of the month, so make sure you have secured April's lineup if you haven't already.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Call the Midwife's Heidi Thomas adaptation of Louise May Alcott's beloved novel Little Women stars a cast of fresh new faces as well as big-name heavyweights of the acting world.
Advertisement
Here are the characters you need to know – and the actors who play them:
Maya Hawke – Jo March
Who does she play? Josephine “Jo” March is the character people usually identify with when they first read Little Women. The second-eldest child, she is strong and wilful with a quick temper. She is also a “tomboy”. Jo asserts her independence and also pursues her own career as a writer.
Where have I seen her before? Maya Hawke is the daughter of Hollywood's Uma Thurman and Ethan Hawke, so she has a strong acting pedigree! This is her first screen role as she makes her acting debut. 19 years old, she was born in New York.
“Everybody wants to be Jo — it's her independent spirit, her lack of self- consciousness; she's free, awkward and weird,” Hawke says. “I share her awkwardness; I can hardly walk like a regular person, I bump into everything and break things and spill and stumble. I also share her curiosity and fervour to learn.
“My parents are actors and I'm the oldest of my siblings — I have three younger sisters, and a brother who's my best friend. We're a close-knit, complicated family, but we spend a lot of time together, even though we live in different houses. We're a rambunctious gang! “I haven't always known I wanted to act. I wanted to be a farmer, an English professor or an archaeologist. But playing one of the March women is very special because you rarely see such well-rounded female characters, who see their own faults, are introspective, and work hard to grow, change and be more generous and kind. They remind us that we have permission to reinvent ourselves.”
Annes Elwy – Beth March
Who does she play? In the novel, Beth is 13 when the story starts. She is described as kind, sweet, gentle, shy and quiet. She also has musical talent, but prefers to stay within the household and with her sisters rather than venturing out into the world.
Where have I seen her before? This is a break-out role for Annes Elwy, 25, who recently played the part of “Young Irma” in Philip K Dick's Electric Dreams. Despite her American accent in the series she was actually born in south Wales.
“Beth's the quiet sister, but she sees everything,” she explains. “She's in tune with everyone's emotions and feels their pain and that can be overwhelming. That's why music is so important; it helps her express herself.”
Willa Fitzgerald – Meg March
Who does she play? Meg March is the eldest of the four sisters – in the novel, she's already 16 when the story starts. Her talents are domestic, and she's also very beautiful: the model “little woman”. She is employed as a governess for the Kings, a wealthy local family.
Where have I seen her before? Willa Fitzgerald's CV includes Scream, Gotham, Alpha House, and Royal Pains. She is 26, and was born in Tennessee.
“Meg's the oldest sister, she has to grow up the quickest to provide an example for her sisters, but there are also moments in the story where you see her slip back into the childhood she perhaps didn't completely have,” Fitzgerald says. “I grew up fast and was very precocious, too. Meg's also the one who is most interested in playing and pretending — she's the real actress of the sisters.”
Kathryn Newton – Amy March
Who does she play? Amy is the youngest sister – she's 12 when the novel begins, although the TV series ages her up a bit. She is the artist of the family, but can also be vain and self-centred with an inability to see anything from anyone else's perspective.
Advertisement
Where have I seen her before? Kathryn Newton may play the youngest of the March sisters, but the actress herself is the most experienced. She played Claire Novak in Supernatural, Joanie Clark in Halt and Catch Fire, and Abigail Carlson in Big Little Lies. She also has a part in the critically acclaimed movie Lady Bird. Aged 20, she was born in California.
It was April 2012, and I was standing outside a Brooklyn subway station, handing out fliers for the May 1 general strike. Organizers were calling on employees to refuse to go to work and for students to refuse to go to school. We were urging everybody to gather in the streets instead for a festival of resistance and to demand economic justice.
“Just try running this city without our labor.”
Our fliers said “No work, no school,” and we meant it. We knew that getting even 5 percent of the city's workers and students to strike would show the 99 percent's willingness to walk away from an economy that exploited them. “Just try running this city without our labor,” we wanted to say.
But when May Day came around, we found most businesses bustling. Shopping and banking went on without a hitch. Even though thousands of people in cities across the United States participated, our organizing just hadn't been strong enough to make a dent in business as usual.
Today, there are new calls for strikes in response to the actions of the Trump administration. The novelist Francine Prose published the first of these at the Guardian website. “Let's designate a day on which no one (that is, anyone who can do so without being fired) goes to work, a day when no one shops or spends money, a day on which we truly make our economic and political power felt,” she wrote. Shortly after that, the creator behind the TV show The Wire, David Simon, suggested the date of Feb. 17 on Twitter. “No one spends, no one produces,” Simon tweeted in response to a critic. “The metric they understand is profit.”
Organizers quickly put together a website and are organizing local events in almost every state via a Google doc. This strike has two specific demands, according to its website, both of which ask members of Congress to stand up for the U.S. Constitution.
But Feb. 17 is just the beginning.
Feb. 17 is just the beginning.
A group of women authors, including civil rights leader Angela Davis, is calling for a second strike on March 8. This one is less focused on Trump and more on building “a feminism for the 99 percent” and maintaining the momentum from the Women's March on Jan. 21, in which as many as 5 million people took the streets.
“The idea is to mobilize women, including trans women, and all who support them in an international day of struggle—a day of striking, marching, blocking roads, bridges, and squares, abstaining from domestic, care and sex work, boycotting, calling out misogynistic politicians and companies, striking in educational institutions,” the organizers wrote.
And there is even talk of another strike date on May 1, with organizing just getting started.
Will the results of these new strikes add up to more than the one I worked on in 2012?
There is some evidence that they just might. But, even if they don't, the currently planned strikes offer the people a chance to practice a political tool that has recently helped Europeans push back against far-right governments and austerity. Americans who oppose Trump's government would do well to learn that history and to think about how large-scale strikes could work here.
Europe's successful strikes are not limited to purely economic issues.
First of all, organizers are looking carefully at Europe, where unions and other groups have staged 63 general strikes between 2000 and 2016. These strikes “caused governments to change or drop the proposals that had provoked the strike” an impressive 42 percent of the time, according to an analysis in the Washington Post. The most successful strikes were ones that opposed economic legislation affecting large swaths of the population, such as bills to cut pensions.
Europe's successful strikes are not limited to purely economic issues. Just a few months ago, millions of women and male allies in Poland boycotted work and school and spent Oct. 3 in the streets. They were striking against a proposed anti-abortion bill that would have criminalized nearly any termination of a pregnancy—including in cases of rape and incest. In response, Poland's conservative government walked back the bill.
Meanwhile, this year's strikes are already showing signs of creativity. The March 8 strike in particular is taking a tack different from Occupy, and the results could be exciting. In addition to drawing inspiration from that history, the organizing for the March 8 strike is led by women of color. That's affecting their approach in ways that seem likely to broaden participation.
Tithi Battacharya is a professor at Purdue University and one of the co-authors of the March 8 call to strike. She doesn't call it a “general strike” because anti-striking laws and low union density currently block that possibility—and retaliation against strikers would likely hit vulnerable women of color the hardest. She prefers the term “mass strike,” a notion that's designed to be more inclusive: “We are calling for demonstrations, walk-outs, sex strikes: a range of actions that will be a show of collective resistance by women, which will take different forms depending on the local context.”
This year's strikes are already showing signs of creativity.
Battacharya reported that she's been in talks with the organizers of the general strike called for Feb. 17, as well as those behind the Jan. 21 Women's March. A number of others are considering adding their support, including the Chicago Teachers Union, leaders affiliated with Black Lives Matter, and several groups that advocate for the rights of Palestinians.
Large feminist organizations are also interested in the plan. “The National Organization for Women's methods have always included direct actions, like marching and striking,” said Terry O'Neill, the group's president. She confirmed that her organization, which reaches hundreds of thousands of people, will work to bring them out for the March 8 women's strike. She can't describe the details just yet—her staff of nine has been busy with efforts to fight Donald Trump's cabinet nominations—but she says much of the work will be carried out by the organization's local chapters, which operate autonomously.
“At this moment, direct action, general strike, talking to your neighbors about the white supremacist agenda of the Trump administration and the Republicans in Congress—that's the way to get the word out,” O'Neill said.
A recent piece by Alex Gourevitch in Jacobin pointed to the bloody history of traditional general strikes in the United States, which provoked harsh, militarized reactions from the government. Gourevitch concludes that today's organizers are trying to “leapfrog all the hard, long-term political work” and are “severely disconnected from reality.”
A traditional general strike is out of reach.
Gourevitch is right that a traditional general strike is out of reach. But the organizers of the March 8 strike are acutely aware of that fact, and are looking to women's uprisings for another way forward. The Polish women's strike never seriously attempted to shut down all commerce across the country. It was more like a giant march in which participants across the country boycotted work and school wherever they could—and a number of large companies shut down in solidarity. That turned out to be enough to help defeat the right-wing government's abortion ban.
Of course, it's possible that we in the United States just aren't angry enough to follow in their footsteps. The Trump administration, after all, has not asked Congress for a blanket ban on abortion like the one that led to the Polish women's strike. And we haven't seen cuts to social programs like the ones that led to many other general strikes in Europe—at least not yet.
Still, activists were able to bring out as many as 5 million people for the Women's March last month. If just a fraction of those millions join in on Feb. 17 and March 8, people in this country may learn how to get their strike on again—in a way that makes sense in this moment and centers those with the most to lose. The best way to start is to show up on Friday ready to learn.
CLEVELAND (AP) - Lavone Holland II scored 21 points and Drew McDonald scored 19 and Northern Kentucky beat Cleveland State convincingly 78-61 on Saturday.
Northern Kentucky (17-7, 10-2 Horizon League) raced to a 10-3 lead, the Roadrunners closed to a point with Kenny Carpenter's back-to-back layup and jump shot, but Mason Faulkner responded with a layup and Tyler Sharpe made consecutive 3-pointers and the Norse's lead went to 18-9. McDonald made back-to-back jumpers and Faulkner added another 3 and the lead was 14. Faulkner made all five of his 3s and scored all 14 of his points before intermission.
The Norse led 40-26 at the break before Cleveland State (6-19, 3-9) used an 8-4 spurt to close to 53-42 before McDonald's layup and jumper extended Northern Kentucky's lead to double digits for good. Tyler Sharpe added 12 points and the Norse shot 30 of 55 (54.5) from the field and 11 of 19 (58) from 3.
Carpenter and Tyree Appleby each scored 13 and Kasheem Thomas, 11 for the Vikings.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Old-fashioned shaving tools are getting trendy with younger men these days, but one such tool has an interesting history: Men's shaving brushes made from animal hair were linked with cases of anthrax around the time of World War I, according to a new report.
The report describes several hundred cases of anthrax , which occurred from 1915 to 1924, were tied to shaving brushes, mainly among men in the U.S. military. Shaving brushes are small facial brushes that are used to apply shaving cream or soap. They were invented in the 18th century.
In 1921, researchers in New York City tested shaving brushes purchased from street vendors, and they found Bacillus anthracis, the bacteria that causes anthrax, in 78 percent of the brushes, the new report said.
Although the risk of contracting anthrax today from an animal-hair shaving brush is extremely low, the report “serves to remind those interested in a return to ‘natural grooming' that use of untreated hair from horses, pigs, badgers, or other animals” poses a potential risk of getting anthrax spores into openings on the skin, the researchers said.
Traditionally, the brushes were made with hair from badgers, horses or boars, although badger hairbrushes were the most popular, the researchers said. In recent years, shaving brushes have made something of a comeback as part of a growing niche market of vintage shaving tools, according to the Los Angeles Times .
Given the renewed interested in shaving brushes, the researchers, from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, thought it was relevant to review information on cases of anthrax linked to these brushes.
In the new report, the CDC researchers reviewed summaries of disease outbreaks and medical case reports. The outbreak summaries from 1915 to 1924 came from Europe and the United States, and the researchers found 149 cases of anthrax linked to shaving brushes among members of the U.S. military; 17 cases among American civilians; 28 cases among members of the British military; and 50 cases among British civilians.
From the medical case reports, which were published from 1880 to 2013, the CDC researchers also found 43 cases of anthrax linked to shaving brushes. All but two of the cases occurred between 1917 and 1923, and 84 percent of the patients were Americans. Of the two most “recent” cases, one was from 1935, involving a man in Trinidad, and the other involved a man living in India in 1989.
The cause of the “mini epidemic” of anthrax cases appears to have been related to the disruption of commerce during World War I , the researchers said. Prior to the war, badger hair for the brushes was sourced from Russia, but this hair became difficult to acquire during the war. As a consequence, horsehair was used to make imitation badger brushes.
However, before the war, the animal hair had been disinfected in France or Germany before it was sent to the U.S. While the war was underway, the hair was shipped directly to the U.S. from Russia, China or Japan, the researchers said.
Public health officials who investigated the anthrax outbreaks at the time speculated that some manufacturers used the horsehair as received, because they assumed it was already disinfected.
In addition, some manufacturers may have avoided disinfecting lighter-colored hairbrushes because the high-temperature treatment might have discolored the brushes and reduced their resemblance to badger hair, the researchers said. Lighter-colored brushes were more likely to be linked to cases of anthrax compared to dark-colored brushes, they noted.
The connection to horsehair is not surprising, the researchers said. Studies have found that horses are more susceptible to anthrax than badgers and pigs. So, it's even possible that the hair used in these brushes was taken from horses that died from anthrax, they said.
Today, animal-hair shaving brushes are unlikely to be a source of anthrax because of modern decontamination processes and regulations on imports, the researchers said. Even the risk from used, vintage brushes would be extremely low, they said. However, the anthrax cases linked to shaving brushes usually involved new brushes, and so shavers buying unused vintage brushes from the early 20th century might want to consider this small risk before using them for shaving, they said.
“This historical information is relevant to current public health practice because renewed interest in vintage and animal-hair shaving brushes has been seen in popular culture,” the researchers wrote in the May issue of the journal Emerging Infectious Diseases . “This information should help healthcare providers and public health officials answer questions on this topic.”
The researchers do not recommend trying to disinfect vintage brushes at home because the risks of this process — which involves using steam, pressure and formaldehyde — are likely to outweigh the benefits, they said.
Original article on Live Science .
NEW YORK — A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honour the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground zero, officials announced Wednesday in unveiling the design concept.
The new dedicated area will also serve as a way to honour those who became sick or died from exposure to the toxins in the environment after the twin towers fell.
“Hundreds of thousands of people are estimated to have been exposed to toxins at the World Trade Center site, both on the day of 9-11 and during the months of recovery operations that followed,” Alice Greenwald, president and CEO of the National Sept. 11 Memorial & Museum, said in a statement.
She added, “By integrating this meaningful public space at the memorial, we seek to recognize all those for whom 9-11 has remained an all-too-present reality.”
The announcement was on the day of the memorial and museum's annual commemoration of the rescue and recovery effort, which officially ended on May 30, 2002.
The idea for the space had been announced last year, with officials joined by former “The Daily Show” host Jon Stewart, a board member of the museum who has been an outspoken advocate for the Zadroga Act, which provides health benefits to first responders who fell ill after the attacks.
He said in his statement: “These men and women sacrificed themselves for the rest of us and have spent years suffering and dying because of it. We have long owed it to them to honour their contributions. It's also important for us to recognize the folks who have died or are suffering who were exposed to World Trade Center toxins while working in lower Manhattan or called the community their home.”
The new space was designed by Michael Arad and Peter Walker, the men who came up with the concept for the reflecting pools and surrounding trees that make up the Sept. 11 memorial and plaza.
The pathway on the southwest corner of the plaza will loosely be in the area of the ramp that was used to remove material from the site during the grueling nine-month effort to clear it. It will end near the Survivor Tree, a Callery pear tree that was severely damaged in the attack but nursed back to health and replanted at the site.
The six stones will be placed alongside the pathway, pointing upward. In his design statement, Arad said, “these stones are rough and worn, and their angle suggests a forceful resistance, an answer to the violence that brought them forth.”
The plan for the area also includes incorporating a text inscription to go along with the stones that will include steel from the original World Trade Center that visitors will be able to touch.
The Senate is closing in on a health care bill that could affect coverage for tens of millions of Americans and overhaul an industry that makes up one-sixth of the economy.
Only one problem: Almost no one knows what's in it.
In a striking break from how Congress normally crafts legislation, including Obamacare, the Senate is conducting its negotiations behind closed doors. The process began five weeks ago, after the House passed its version of health care reform, with a small working group of 13 senators that included no women.
The opaque process makes it impossible to evaluate whether there are any significant changes coming to health care. There are no hearings with health experts, industry leaders, and patient advocacy groups to weigh in where the public can watch their testimony or where Democrats can offer amendments.
“We'll let you see the bill when we finally release it,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) told reporters on Tuesday. He added that “nobody is hiding the ball here” and that people were “free to ask anybody anything.”
Free to ask, but answers are another matter. While members say they're close enough to producing a legislation, they have been tight-lipped on the details, leaving Americans with only a trickle of leaked ideas that are often vague or speculative.
Democrats have complained about being shut out, but even some Republican senators have said they've had difficulty getting information about the legislation and wished there were more public opportunities to register concerns.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Warren grills Republican on secret health care bill 1:20 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"Would I have preferred a more open process? The answer is yes,” Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-La.) told reporters on Monday evening.
Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) said that he's complained to leadership about the lack of transparency. “I would have liked to have seen a public process — get buy-in from the public,” he said. “I've said that in several of our meetings but that's obviously not what's going to happen. Now when the bill's complete, the public then will have a chance to view it.”
Related: Trump Called House Health Care Bill 'Mean' in Senate Meeting
Asked if they had seen any legislative text, a Republican aide to a member of the 13-person Senate working group deadpanned: “Why would they show us any legislation?"
The approach is broadly similar to the process that produced the American Health Care Act in the House last month. At the time, leaders released a finished bill and voted on it within 24 hours — so fast that the Congressional Budget Office couldn't estimate its cost and effects for another three weeks. The move was a jarring shift after years of promises from House GOP leaders to slow down major legislation and post all bills online several days before a vote.
Democrats are increasingly drawing attention to the lack of transparency, which they've criticized it as an effort to rush through legislation before Americans can scrutinize its effects or individual lawmakers can push for changes.
“Will we have a hearing on the health care proposal?” Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.) pressed Finance Chairing Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) in a separate hearing last week. Hatch would not commit to one, but invited McCaskill to pass on her ideas. “We have no idea what's being proposed,” McCaskill responded.
On Tuesday, several Democratic members linked the closed process to a change in the Senate's media policy that blocked reporters from filming in the hallways.
“Why are they doing that?” Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) said at a weekly press conference. “It's obvious. They don't want the American people to see how poorly they would do under this bill.”
It was not clear there was a connection, however: After blowback, Republicans expressed surprise at the shift and Rules Committee Chairman Sen. Shelby (R-Ala.) said no new restrictions had been approved.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Schumer: GOP is ashamed of their health bill 4:10 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
During the crafting of the Affordable Care Act, Republicans complained about a lack of transparency on the bill that reformed the health care system. Then House-Speaker John Boehner gave a fiery floor speech, saying just before the House vote on Obamacare, “Read the damn bill before you vote.”
But Senate Democrats spent months in 2009 negotiating different versions of a health bill through multiple committees in the House and Senate. The committees then spent days on markups in which members could offer amendments and the full Senate held an open debate on the final version for 25 days. After the House passed the Senate bill in March, they made a series of tweaks using the budget reconciliation process, which Republicans are using exclusively to pass their own bill.
“What's going on here is backwards,” John McDonough, a professor of public health at Harvard who was a Democratic Senate aide during the ACA debate, told NBC News. “The attempt to keep it in the dark is to make sure that as few Americans as possible know what's in it and what the implications of it are,” he added.
Sen. John Barrasso (R-Wyo.), a member of the Senate leadership team, defended the process on Tuesday, saying Democrats would have an opportunity to offer amendments once the bill was put on the floor. Pressed on the lack of committee hearings or input by a reporter, he described the Senate GOP working group as “a committee of the whole.”
Critics see the gambit as a response to the House bill's poor reception after the CBO estimated it would leave 23 million fewer people insured, while raising premiums and deductibles for many low-income and older Americans. A Kaiser Health tracking poll in May found 55 percent of respondents have an unfavorable view of the House bill versus 31 percent who view it favorably and most polls have found a similarly negative reaction.
Asked whether Republicans were operating from the assumption any bill they passed would be unpopular, Barrasso suggested he wasn't concerned about pleasing their loudest critics.
“There is nothing that I think that the Senate can pass that is going to satisfy the left activists in California [whose] state senators have just voted for a single payer plan,” he said.
There are some factors that could slow down the Senate. In comparison to the House, the Senate is barred from voting on a bill before a cost and impact estimate is released from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office.
But if the Senate is to really vote before they leave town for a week on June 30th, a goal that many Republicans hope is still achievable, that leaves little time for the public to see legislation. A CBO score takes ten to 14 days to produce. There are only 17 days left before the end of the month.
The weekend launch of a U.S. futures contract for bitcoin reflects widespread acceptance of the virtual currency, especially among investors in Asia, though regulators are wary.
Japan and South Korea are among the world's top five markets for bitcoin trading, according to sites that track trading volume by currency. Here's a glance at the digital currency's rise in some of the region's major markets:
———
JAPAN:
Japan was home to one of the earliest bitcoin communities, but it was started by expatriate residents and kept a low profile. Until a few years ago, bitcoin and other virtual currencies were left alone by regulators.
Following the failure of a bitcoin exchange called Mt. Gox, new laws were enacted to regulate bitcoin and other virtual currencies. Japan is the only major advanced economy with a licensing regime for digital currency intermediaries such as exchanges and payment providers.
That has helped make Japan the world's biggest market for speculative virtual currency trading, said Thomas Glucksmann, Hong Kong-based head of marketing for Gatecoin, a virtual currency exchange.
"There was very little interest back than at all and now it's a complete 360," said Glucksmann. "It's the biggest market, everybody's talking about it."
Big Japanese banks have gotten involved, investing in bitcoin exchanges or letting them open bank accounts while developing their own related services. Some retailers accept payment in bitcoin.
Many Japanese are familiar with currency trading since Japan is the world's biggest retail foreign exchange market.
"You have people like hairdressers and housewives, people like that investing in crypto, in addition to the bigger players in Japan," said Glucksmann, who used to work at a bitcoin exchange in Japan. "So the regulations have helped to fuel a lot of the legitimacy in the Japanese market."
———
SOUTH KOREA:
About a year and half ago, South Korea emerged as a very large market for speculative trading activities thanks to investors' high risk appetite and fears of missing out.
Now, just as the government prepares to regulate virtual currencies, big financial institutions are starting to get in on the action. Shinhan Bank is planning to offer virtual currency services like a bitcoin wallet,
Worried over risks of speculative trading, in September South Korea banned initial coin offerings, or raising money through bitcoin or other virtual currencies.
Senior officials at South Korea's financial watchdog have compared speculative trading in bitcoin to a "Ponzi scheme" and say they are mulling a ban.
"We will not let financial institutions handle transactions related to virtual currencies," said Kim Yongbeom, vice chairman at Financial Services Commission, according to a media pool report Monday. "The price of virtual currencies rises because of the expectation that the next person will buy it at the desired price and this is quite like a Ponzi scheme."
Chairman Choi Jong-gu said one option is a total ban on virtual currencies, which would require revising existing legislation or enacting new laws.
Still, bitcoin sells for a 20-30 percent premium in South Korean compared to other places, and this has spurred offshore trading to take advantage of arbitrage opportunities as South Koreans buy bitcoin overseas and sell them back home.
———
CHINA:
For a brief time, China dominated bitcoin trading, at one point reportedly accounting for as much as 90 percent of volume. That dried up after Beijing tightened controls.
The lively bitcoin market had been set up by bitcoin miners, who had set up data centers taking advantage of China's cheap electricity and hardware to handle the intensive computing processes needed to "mine" new bitcoin.
China started cracked down on such activities last year just as the price of bitcoin began to surge. In September, regulators ordered all exchanges to shut down, banning initial coin offerings.
China's bitcoin exchanges have since migrated overseas or shifted to over-the-counter trading where exchanges match buyers and sellers who then connect through chat apps like Telegram. Payment is made in cash or through bank transfers and the exchange collects a fee.
Some mainland China exchanges have refocused their efforts on their Hong Kong operations, said Leo Weese, president of the Bitcoin Association of Hong Kong. He estimates there are about 10,000 bitcoin users in the Asian financial hub, including 1,000-2,000 active investors who have significant holdings or work for bitcoin related companies.
Weese estimates that bitcoin prices are 5-8 percent higher in mainland China than Hong Kong. Speculators who can get around China's strict capital controls to profit from the price difference are driving some trading activity in the city, Weese said.
"For them it's a way to make money," he said. "They can buy the bitcoin in Hong Kong cheaply and they can sell them at a premium in China."
———
SOUTHEAST ASIA:
Bitcoin's rising popularity in Indonesia has alarmed the country's central bank, which said last week it would ban it as a payment method next year.
Bank Indonesia spokesman Agusman Zainal said more a "assertive rule" on virtual currencies is planned.
He said the bank is concerned bitcoin might be used for fraud or other illegal activities like terrorism, money laundering, prostitution, drug trafficking.
"In the context of the payment system, bitcoin is not a valid means of payment," Zainal said. "The reason for prohibiting is in order to implement prudential principles, safeguard business competition, risk control and consumer protection."
————
AP Writers Niniek Karmini in Jakarta and Youkyung Lee in Seoul contributed to this report.
This spring, The Joffrey Ballet will present the North American premiere of Alexander Ekman's Midsummer Night's Dream. The Swedish choreographer is best known for his absurdist and cutting-edge productions. "This is not Shakespeare's Midsummer," says Joffrey Ballet artistic director Ashley Wheater. The title of Ekman's version, which premiered with the Royal Swedish Ballet in 2015, refers not to Shakespeare but to Midsummer, the traditional Scandinavian summer solstice festival. The piece follows a young man through a day of revelry followed by a nightmare, blurring the line with reality. "It's a kind of otherworldly dream," says Wheater.
Bringing Ekman's production to life is no small feat; the piece utilizes the entire Joffrey company. "I can't think of another performance that has so many props," says Wheater, listing giant bales of hay, long banquet tables, umbrellas, beach chairs and more. The piece features a commissioned score by Swedish composer Mikael Karlsson, which will be performed onstage by singer Anna von Hausswolff. "She is very much a part of the performance; she's kind of the narrator," says Wheater. Dancers also contribute to the narration with spoken text, including imagery of young love and a dose of humor.
The Royal Swedish Ballet in Alexander Ekman's "Midsummer Night's Dream." Photo by Hans Nilsson, Courtesy Joffrey Ballet.
This will be the fourth work by Ekman that The Joffrey has performed. "I think it says something that Alex trusts us to bring the work to its full realization," says Wheater. "It's not just a few ballet steps here and there; he asks you to fully engage with yourself, not only as a dancer but as an actor and a person." Ekman's Midsummer will run April 25–May 6 at the Auditorium Theatre in Chicago.
Here's who'll be vying for a place in the final in round four of the semi-finals...
The line-up for Britain's Got Talent‘s fourth live semi-final have been confirmed.
Advertisement
The eight acts performing on Thursday's live BGT include dance group DVJ (Diversity Junior), comedian Noel James and whatever on Earth Baba Yega are.
Sascha Williams
Sascha Williams was branded “mad” by Ant McPartlin after his death-defying BGT audition.
Amy Marie Borg
The 16-year-old student from Malta sung classical piece Nella Fantasia in her first audition. She marks herself as nine on a scale of one to 10 of nerves, but will her performance be confident?
Noel James
In his first audition, Noel, a 52-year-old exam invigilator and comedian from Wales, brought a guitar on stage – before promptly putting it down and performing without it.
What are Baba Yega? Even after watching their performance we're still not sure. They're Belgian dance/performance artists who are mildly terrifying to say the least…
Olena Uutai
All we'll say about Olena's act is that she makes a lot of horse noises. You have been warned.
Marty Putz
In his first audition, inventor and comedian Marty covered Simon in toilet roll. What else is there to know?
DVJ (Diversity Junior)
Advertisement
A dance group guided by Diversity's Ashley Banjo – who won the competition back in 2009.
The Britain's Got Talent semi-finals are Monday to Friday at 7:30pm on ITV
He said the fourth bombing demonstrated a higher level of sophistication than the previous three, as well as a “significant change” in the way the victims were targeted.
In the first three bombings, cardboard boxes were discovered outside homes, seeming to target specific individuals. The packages were not delivered by the Postal Service or any other package delivery company, but instead appeared to have been left outside overnight. They detonated when they were handled by the people who discovered them.
The fourth bomb, however, which exploded on Sunday, was left on a roadside, and was believed to have been detonated with the use of a tripwire by two random passers-by, Chief Manley said. He warned residents that a future bomb could also be connected to a tripwire, which can be fashioned from hard-to-see materials such as fishing line or filament.
“We have a high degree of confidence that the same individual built all these devices,” Fred Milanowski, special agent in charge of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives in Houston, told reporters.
He declined to discuss details of the latest bomb's construction, but described in general the way that tripwire explosive devices are assembled.
“In general, the tripwire is going to be attached to a switch, and it's going to be anchored down on the other side, obviously, so that when somebody actually trips on it, they will activate that switch,” he said. “That's why we call it a victim-activated device. It's random. It's not targeted. The randomness that a child could have come across that is very concerning to us.”
With so little known about who is behind the attacks and whether they will continue, the city is on edge, with many residents appearing unsure of whether to proceed with normal life or stay in hiding.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“I think everyone in Austin is in the process of trying to figure out exactly how nervous to be,” said Stephen Harrigan, an author and essayist who has lived in Austin for more than 50 years and whose home is about eight miles from the scene of Sunday's explosion.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Are these bombings targeted acts of murder with a specific motive behind them — which is horrible enough — or do they represent something broader and more random?” he said.
More than 500 law enforcement officers from the local police, the A.T.F. and the F.B.I. are investigating the attacks, the authorities said Wednesday, adding that many have been dispatched throughout Austin to look for more potential bombs.
The four neighborhoods where the explosions have occurred are varied economic and demographic slices of Austin, a city of nearly 950,000. The first three bomb scenes were in largely working- and middle-class sections of northeast and east Austin, with sizable black, Hispanic and Asian populations. Hammocks and baby swings hang from tree branches on front lawns near Haverford Drive, the site of the first bombing on March 2. The explosion on Sunday took place in an upscale planned community called Travis Country that is largely white. It is a hilly and wooded area near a patchwork of busy highways and parkways.
After the first three bombings, many community leaders and residents speculated that the attacks appeared to be hate crimes, because those injured were black and Hispanic.
The first package killed Anthony Stephan House, a 39-year-old black man, after he discovered it outside his home. The second targeted two more African-Americans — Draylen Mason, 17, who was killed, and his mother, who was critically injured after she brought the package inside from their front porch and opened it in the kitchen. The third left a 75-year-old Hispanic woman seriously injured.
The explosion Sunday, which injured two white men, suggested that the bomber or bombers were driven by something other than racial bias.
In Monday's news conference, the authorities said they had received a large number of tips on who could be behind the attacks, but that so far, none had led to the identification of a suspect.
In news conferences, officials have begun to take the unusual step of appealing to the bomber or bombers directly.
“I will reach out to the suspect or suspects and ask that you contact us,” Chief Manley said. “There are innocent people getting hurt in this community and it needs to come to a stop.”
Fans of Billy Bragg will have two opportunities to see the ‘Bard of Barking' at the revived Long Division festival in Wakefield.
The 60-year-old singer-songwriter and political activist will not only perform a concert in Wakefield Cathedral on Saturday; tomorrow he'll be at Wakefield Town Hall with Laura Snapes, The Guardian's deputy music editor who has also written for the likes of Pitchfork, Mojo and Q, and Chris Madden, the Leeds psychotherapist and founder of Chinwag, a series of conversations with artists, writers and musicians.
The event, called Write Place, Write Time, is in aid of the charity MAP which seeks to help young people at risk of exclusion from mainstream education.
Bragg says his process of songwriting hasn't changed significantly over the last 40 years. “It just works its way out in different ways now,” he says. “In the old days I used to have to sing everything into a big cassette recorder; now I do it on my phone while I'm wandering round.
“I don't have to be anywhere specifically with an instrument. I don't have to write a song with a tune in my head; I can capture it immediately on my phone and when I'm needing some ideas to make a new record I listen back to them and reconnect with them.”
He says he's rarely been one to work to a strict routine. “I hate doing my homework,” he says. “One of the things that was a really good encouragement to write a song was getting a John Peel session. I can remember having a conversation with Johnny Marr about that, saying ‘I've got a Peel session, I've got to write two new songs, you can't play old songs on a Peel session'. That was certainly true of me, whenever I did one if I didn't have a couple of songs knocking around I would write a couple of songs specifically. I can remember doing that the night before, thinking to myself, ‘Come on, there's got be something in here' and digging deep to find it.
Billy Bragg. Picture: James Millar
“But I find more often than not when I'm making a record that I focus in on songwriting and I tend to write more songs in that process rather than day to day, whereas I used to connect with it more regularly.”
Bragg began writing poetry when he was 11 years old. “I didn't learn to play guitar until I was 16 but I'd written a lot of songs before then. At 13, 14, 15 I was writing songs and keeping the tunes in my head.”
He quickly realised he wanted to be a full-time songwriter around the same time. “I only got one O-level, English Language grade A, so I figured that's the singer-songwriter's O-level,” he quips. “When I applied for the job that was one of the kickers for me – the fact that you only needed that one O-level, and also the fact that you didn't need to do mornings, which is something that I really like, so that's why I put my name down for singer-songwriter rock star.”
Seeing The Clash on their White Riot tour in 1977 changed a lot for the then 19-year-old Bragg. “It changed the width of my trouser bottoms, it changed the length of my hair, it changed the fabric of my jacket and I suppose it convinced me that there was something to punk after all. At the time we'd been listening to The Jam and they had a classic early 60s aesthetic but there was something about punk that I thought was a bit false. Actually seeing The Clash live I realised that a lot of the things I really liked about the Stones and The Who and The Faces were actually deep inside The Clash as well so it kind of got me connected.”
Seeing The Clash convinced me that there was something to punk after all. Billy Bragg
Bragg's first band, Riff Raff, were influenced by both punk and pub rock. They briefly reformed recently for a gig on Mersea Island, off the south coast of Essex. “It went brilliantly, it was really good fun,” he enthuses. “It was the 60th birthday of our original keyboard player Stephen Rice who now lives on a houseboat on Mersea. Wiggy [Bragg's long-time friend Pete Wigg], bless him, organised with Rice's girlfriend's Anna that they would have a secret party for him and we would be part of the surprise. We were all there ready to play and had a great time.”
Last year Bragg's second book, Roots, Radicals and Rockers: How Skiffle Changed the World, was published by Faber & Faber. He says the likes of Lonnie Donegan were people he only came to appreciate later in life. “Donegan wasn't really part of my musical palette. It was really the story of skiffle, the context of skiffle, the more I learnt about it, it seemed to be similar to my experience of punk rock, I figured there was something interesting going on here and that's what really got my attention.”
He sees a direct relationship between skiffle and punk “on a number of levels”.
“It's a DIY music, skiffle; it's a rejection of what's in the charts – in skiffle's case Tin Pan Alley, all really written songs, all beautifully produced. It's very much a way of a generation declaring their difference to the generation that went before them – in the case of skiffle, it's our first teenagers. The thing that defines that first generation of kids is playing the guitar, that was something that their parents never did, so I think it has a lot of similarities [with punk].
Billy Bragg. Picture: Pete Dunwell
“The last one is that the first wave of British music that didn't involve people that played in skiffle bands was punk. Right up until Dr Feelgood and Mott the Hoople people who played in skiffle bands were still breaking through.”
Bragg also released a mini-album last year called Bridges Not Walls. With so many things happening in the political world over the last two or three years, he says he felt compelled to address some of the issues in song. “If only to make sense of them,” he says. “That's all I would do with the songs is look at the dots that everyone can see and try to join them in a way that makes sense. That's as good a reason for me to write a song, and obviously there's a lot of that about at the moment.”
Last month Bragg also spoke to the Bank of England. He says he was pleased they invited him. “It's always good to talk to people outside your own little bubble. A lot of us now, particularly with the way social media works, we only talk to people who agree with us. They wanted to hear from someone outside of their circle and it was also a good challenge for me to throw some ideas out for people beyond my group.”
These days he finds the best way to effect change in society is to speak truth to power. “It's as good a way as any,” he says. “It's whether you can connect on that. How do you turn those words into actions? Words alone probably cannot save us, really; there needs to be actions. So you've got to get people to vote, to march, to write, to lobby and all of those other things as well, but the beginning of that is an argument and obviously music or writing books or giving talks is as good a way of getting those ideas out there as any.”
In his speech, Bragg said he found people were more inclined to listen when he talked about wanting a compassionate society rather than a socialist one. He thinks the whole nature of political discourse has changed in recent years.
“When you live in a post-ideological society like we do, compared to, say, the 1980s, the language of Marxism doesn't really resonate with people any more,” he says. “So you've got to find other ways of trying to articulate what you believe in. I don't think that's a terrible thing; I think that's a good thing because it gives us a chance to step out of the shadow of totalitarianism that has become part of the baggage of left-wing ideology. Having the opportunity to put that in perspective and get on and make politics for the 21st century I find that is a really interesting challenge.”
Billy Bragg will be talking at Wakefield Town Hall on Friday June 1 and performing at Long Division festival on Saturday June 2. For ticket details visit longdivisionfestival.co.uk
EAGAN, Minn. — The Minnesota Vikings made a splash on the free agent market last month, with their fully guaranteed contract for quarterback Kirk Cousins and the signing of defensive tackle Sheldon Richardson for another instant upgrade for the starting lineup.
There's another addition coming, too.
Running back Dalvin Cook, his promising rookie season cut painfully short at four games because of a torn ACL in his left knee , has passed the six-month mark in his rehabilitation and remains on track for full action when training camp begins.
He'll be a limited participant in practices this spring and minicamp, head athletic trainer Eric Sugarman said, and has impressed the team at each stage of his recovery. There's no reason why he won't be ready to play in the season opener on Sept. 9.
“Dalvin's knocked the rehab out of the park,” Sugarman said. “He's done a great job. He's been here every day since the injury occurred, post-surgery.”
The Vikings started their off-season workout program last week at their sparkling new training facility, with state-of-the-art equipment that certainly hasn't hurt Cook's quest to come back as the same dual-threat player who was briefly on display last season after being drafted in the second round out of Florida State .
Cook took part in strength and conditioning activities on the indoor turf with the rest of his teammates on Tuesday, when the Vikings opened a portion of the workout to reporters.
“You've got to trust yourself and know that you did everything in your power to get your knee back to where it's at,” Cook said.
“I attacked this thing every day, and I did what I needed to do to get to this point, so I had no doubt when I first touched the field that it was where I wanted to be at.”
Cook had reconstructive surgery on Oct. 9. The first two weeks were the toughest part, with Sugarman pushing hard on his knee in the early struggle to regain that critical range of motion in the joint.
“You're ready to hit him across the head,” Cook said. “It's a lot. It really is, man. It's the injury that can make you or break you. I chose the route that it wasn't going to break me, so I'm going to move forward.”
There will be several more hurdles to clear, particularly those that involve a live defence across the line and ready to take Cook down to the turf. For now, three months before the toil and sweat of training camp arrives, there's plenty to celebrate.
“This is kind of the fun part again for him to get back on the field to feel like a football player again,” Sugarman said.
As for Cousins, the past week has been about beginning the process of learning the offence and more importantly his new teammates.
He recently hosted wide receivers Adam Thielen and Stefon Diggs for a couple of days in the Atlanta area, where Cousins spends most of his off-season.
Becoming the leader can't be forced, even though this will unquestionably be his team come fall.
“Everybody's been very down to earth. There's a humility there. There's a formula there for success, and I sit in the team meetings and I see the organization,” Cousins said.
“I see the attention to detail and I see the professionalism, and it's just no surprise why there was success last year.”
——
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
CELINA – The Greenville boys tennis team lost 4-1 at Celina on Monday.
Greenville's lone win came at second singles where Craig Manges beat Heath Laux 4-6, 6-3, 6-2.
In the first singles match Greenville's Noah Haupt lost 6-3, 6-1 to Garrett Weininger. The Green Wave's Branson Leigeber lost 6-0, 6-0 to Drew Rosengarten in third singles.
In first doubles Greenville's Austin Grote and Josh Smith lost 6-3, 7-5 to Bryce Langenkamp and Kyle Lochtefeld. In second doubles the Wave's Aaron Lobenstein and Josh Galloway lost 6-3, 6-1 to Sahaib Saleem and Garrett Farlow.
Greenville fell to 9-2 with Monday's loss while Celina improved to 7-1.
By The Associated Press
BOYS BASKETBALL
Blackford 70, Muncie Burris 47
Martinsville 67, Plainfield 64, 2OT
Mishawaka 59, Elkhart Christian 52
GIRLS BASKETBALL
Cannelton 40, Washington Catholic 27
Alexandria 77, Wes-Del 46
Clay City 74, N. Central (Farmersburg) 60
Ev. Bosse 50, Wood Memorial 44
Horizon Christian 36, Southside Christian 17
Knightstown 56, S. Decatur 41
Liberty Christian 67, Muncie Burris 28
Mt. Vernon (Posey) 62, Carmi White County, Ill. 52
Owen Valley 60, S. Putnam 46
Tri-County 60, Covenant Christian (DeMotte) 38
Tri-West 51, Bethesda Christian 48
Vincennes Rivet 70, Mt. Carmel, Ill. 37
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Courtney Act / Shane Jenek has won Celebrity Big Brother.
Advertisement
The former RuPaul's Drag Race star beat former politician Ann Widdecombe to be crowned the winner of CBB, with presenter Emma Willis revealing that Courtney had taken 49% of the total vote in the final.
Courtney said she thought it was “slightly ironic” to win Celebrity Big Brother: Year of the Woman before thanking the eight female housemates who were on the show this year.
“It's amazing to think that the public have chosen me. I guess it's validation – the things that I came in here believing in,” she said.
“My inspiration coming into the house was that teenage boy who didn't quite know where he belonged or how he fit in and feeling inspired by the Spice Girls and not knowing what that meant, but knowing that if it was OK for them to be different then it was OK to be different too.
“And I guess coming to the house is validation that it's OK to be different,” Courtney added.
Speaking about her relationship with Andrew Brady, Courtney said she respected his boundaries and that she revelled in the friendship “more than anything”.
Ann meanwhile said that she was “thoroughly bemused” to finish in second place and that she was “dying” to get back to living alone.
“Do you know how many times I've turned this programme down?” noted Ann, who added that she'd never seen any of Celebrity Big Brother but also admitted to having a soft spot for fellow housemate Jonny Mitchell.
“It was fine while I was in there,” reflected Ann on her experience and said there was “noise all the time” in the house and she didn't like being woken up by pop music first thing in the morning.
In a RadioTimes.com poll that asked 5,000 Celebrity Big Brother fans who they wanted to win before the final, Shane J overwhelmingly came out on top with a huge 48% of the total vote, while Ann took second place with 26.7%.
Celebrity Big Brother: Year of the Woman has been the longest in CBB history with a total run length of 32 days.
Starting with eight female housemates on day one, eight male celebrities joined just three days into the four and a half week show.
Shane and Ann beat Shane Lynch, Jess Impiazzi and Wayne Sleep to take first and second place in the 21st series of the celebrity show.
Advertisement
Celebrity Big Brother returns to Channel 5 in the summer.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The busy A41 near Chester will be closed overnight on Sunday (October 8) as complex repairs to a large hole in the road enter the final phase.
The Whitchurch Road closure, from 7pm until 5am, is needed to allow machinery on site.
Closure points will be from Durban Avenue to Bridge Drive in Christleton .
It is hoped the whole repair project will be completed on or around Saturday, October 14.
(Image: Mark Smith)
Councillor Karen Shore, the council 's cabinet member for environment, said: “We had hoped the repairs would be completed without the need for a road closure but the machinery required is just too large for the next part of the repairs to take place safely. If all goes smoothly the closure will only be needed for one night.
“The works are generally progressing well and we hope to complete the repairs on or around Saturday, 14 October.”
She added: “The works have been complex as lots of services are under the surface. As well as water and gas mains, there are power and telecommunication cables, which had to be supported while the work takes place.
(Image: Mark Smith)
“Thank you to local residents and businesses for your patience and co-operation during these repairs, it is greatly appreciated.”
A cavity more than 2m deep was discovered when a hole opened up in the surface of the A41 back in July.
The long-running saga has caused frustration for motorists because of a temporary one-way stretch in place while the repair job takes place.
Dye tests proved the void had been caused by water leaking into a brick sewer chamber, maintained by Welsh Water, from the nearby canal but stopping the leak wasn't straightforward.
Michael Jackson Loafers from ‘Motown 25' Rehearsal Up for Auction (Pics) – Eurweb.com
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Submit on Tuesday, June 13th, 2017 22:57
Nammo announced that it has agreed with Moog Inc. to acquire its In-Space Propulsion businesses in UK and Ireland.
Related Post:NanoSpace becomes part of GomSpaceSSC to sell all shares in NanoSpace AB to GomSpaceVector Space Systems acquires Garvey Spacecraft CorporationRussian space programme to be fully funded in 2010, but…Russian space consolidation expected later this yearThe Boeing Company (Network & Space Systems) results Q3 2013SSC to acquire Universal Space NetworkITT Exelis acquires signal processing system developerSovrn
Pago Pago, AMERICAN SAMOA — Teena Tei slotted in her team's 10th attempt of the penalty shootout to help the Tafuna Warriors clinch the ASHSAA Junior Varsity Girls' soccer championship against the Samoana Sharks on Wednesday, March 14, 2018.
20 players combined in the shootout that Tafuna won 5-4, after the game concluded in a 1-1 draw. Both teams went through their first five kicks tied at 2-2, and from then on they went to a 1-on-1 format for the penalty kicks that ended up going through the five remaining field players.
Defender Frieda Vaaimamao was named MVP of the championship game after putting forth a great performance. She came through with timely tackles inside the penalty box to negate Samoana attacks, and played an all around great game.
A few other Tafuna players performed great as well, such as Agnes Siaosi, who was relentless on attack, and goalkeeper Lorri Tago. Siaosi's many forays deep into Samoana territory helped lead to an own goal by a Sharks' opponent that tied the game in the first half. Tago was steadfast and calmly collected shots on target to keep the game at a standstill as Samoana dominated possession.
As the game's intensity increased, some players from both teams stepped up and performed great.
Samoana defender Lotomama Siatu'u matched Vaimamao with a great defensive effort. She was able to clear dangerous attacks or recover back to stop other promising attacks by Tafuna.
Both goals came in the first half of the game.
Reese Penitusi headed in a corner kick five minutes into the game's start, and it looked as if Samoana was setting the tempo of the game as they would continue to dominate after scoring that first goal.
Siaosi had a different opinion on that matter, and she showed it by being fearless on attack, using dribbling skills to her advantage during attacking runs inside Samoana territory. On one such attack inside the Sharks' penalty area, she blasted a shot paralel to the goal line that a defender inadvertently redirected into the back of the net for the equalizing own-goal.
Get the Think newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
It can't be easy to be Christopher Wray — the FBI Director hand-picked by President Donald Trump after Trump ingloriously and controversially fired then-FBI Director James Comey last May has had to navigate incredibly stormy seas. From his confirmation hearing through today, Wray's agency has repeatedly come under sustained attack, not just from Republicans in Congress, but from the very president who appointed him — all for allegedly acting inappropriately in investigating the Trump campaign's contacts with Russia in the run up to the 2016 election.
Those attacks may have reached their apex (or nadir) with the release today of the so-called “Nunes Memo,” written by the office of Rep. Devin Nunes, which purports to summarize abuses perpetrated by the FBI during its investigation. The memo's release occurred without any of the underlying materials on which it is based (or the competing analysis of those materials authored by Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee). It was also released over the strenuous objections of Wray and the Justice Department — who warned that it would be “extraordinarily reckless” to publicly disseminate the information without first giving the DOJ and the FBI a chance to review (and, presumably, redact) it.
The whole memo debacle is a damning indictment of this administration's relationship with the nation's primary law enforcement agency. It suggests, rather starkly, that the House Intelligence Committee and the White House both decided that it is more important to score partisan political points than to take seriously the substantive concerns — or the long-term reputation — of the FBI. If the politics of the moment are more important to this president and this Congress than the integrity of the bureau, there's only one appropriate response: Director Wray should resign in protest.
I don't suggest this lightly; Chris Wray is exactly the kind of person who should be leading the FBI at this tumultuous point in our history. This is underscored by the very fact that got us here — that he stood up to both the White House and Nunes over the release of the memo. Principled public servants like Wray are canaries in the coal mine that is the Trump administration; without them, the public might have far less of an understanding of some of the novel claims being made by the current president — or the institutional damage that his administration seems intent on wreaking.
This is also why, for example, I don't think that the default response to senior administration officials coming under attack should be resignation; we're all better off for having Rod Rosenstein as the Deputy Attorney General, even though he has been the subject of comparable attacks (and may well be the true target of Nunes).
But Wray's case is different. It's not just that the release of the memo is a personal slight against him; it's part of a broader, systematic campaign against the credibility and integrity of the very agency that he runs. And importantly, this agency's credibility and integrity are cornerstones of our legal system. Wray shouldn't resign because he himself has been slighted, or because he has been ordered to do something he believes to be unlawful or immoral; he should resign because of the institutional affront that the release of the memo reflects — a partisan political assault on the apolitical work in which tens of thousands of men and women are engaged on a daily basis. Adding insult to injury, these men and women under his leadership are generally not in a position to speak out for themselves.
Principled public servants like Wray are canaries in the coal mine that is the Trump administration.
Simply put, when the president chooses, for partisan political reasons, to override the recommendation of his own FBI director and pursue a course of action that could damage our national security (to say nothing of the FBI's reputation), resignation is the most ethically appropriate and politically impactful means of registering protest, rather than acquiescing.
Critics of this suggestion will surely argue that, if Wray's independence is so important, why risk allowing the president to replace him with someone less willing to stand up to his boss? But a full-time FBI director requires Senate confirmation. Especially in the aftermath of a very public resignation on principle, I have faith that even this Senate would insist on comparable independence from Wray's successor. Indeed, that institutional dynamic goes a long way toward explaining why it was Wray who was selected to succeed Comey in the first place.
According to reporting by NBC News, Wray had already indicated, before the release of the memo, that he has no intention of surrendering his post. That's an understandable position for Wray to take — and a deeply honorable one. It's also a position that he should reconsider.
Steve Vladeck (@steve_vladeck) is a professor of law at the University of Texas School of Law whose teaching and research focus on federal jurisdiction, constitutional law, and national security law. Steve is co-editor-in-chief of the Just Security blog (@just_security) and co-host of the National Security Law Podcast (@nslpodcast).
PORT BRUCE – A plan to remove a dump truck marooned on the collapsed Port Bruce bridge for nearly a month has been delayed.
The province's Ministry of Labour first wants to approve the plan for removal of the truck, which was scheduled to go ahead today.
Elgin County Warden David Marr said the contractor and the insurance company were to submit a detailed plan today and if everything goes according to plan, the truck will be removed Wednesday.
Related
Crews were out Friday removing the fuel from the truck. Monday workers were taking the gravel from the back of the truck.
The bridge on Imperial Road collapsed Feb. 23 as the dump truck carrying a load of gravel was crossing. The driver was unhurt.
The collapsed bridge cut off the main access route to the 200-$resident lakeside village.
An initial investigation identified anchor rod failure as the suspected cause of the collapse, which occurred during heavy flooding of Catfish Creek.
St. Thomas Times Journal
One of Ohio's largest marketing and advertising agencies, Hart and Associates, is moving back to where it started, downtown Toledo.
The new 20,000 square foot space takes over the fifth and sixth floors of the Hylant Building. It even has 360 degree views of downtown, including the building where the company started more than 20 years ago.
CEO Mike Hart says he remembers the day when he and his father moved their full-service marketing firm to Arrowhead Park. Now, to re-invest in downtown Toledo's urban core is a homecoming for Hart.
He says the 60 employees in the new office will have better access to some of Toledo's creative resources.
"Downtown 26 years ago was not a cool place to be," Hart said. "My dad and I had lunch at Posner's Deli and couldn't wait to get to the suburbans and, quite frankly, two weeks ago couldn't wait to get back."
Hart says an ode to the 50 plus years of his company is each conference room is named after a street where the business was once located. However, he hopes this is their final destination.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Women often skip recommended mammograms after they get a false-positive result: a reading that looks like cancer at first but that turns out not to be.
A study published Thursday confirms this and shows just how often it happens.
A woman undergoes a free mammogram inside Peru's first mobile unit for breast cancer detection, in Lima March 8, 2012. Enrique Castro-Mendivil / REUTERS
The report, published by the American Association for Cancer Research, found that 85 percent of women who got a clean bill of health on a mammogram came back as scheduled the next time, compared to 80 percent of women who got a false positive.
Related: Mammogram Scares Leave lasting Fears
It's not surprising, said the researchers, led by Dr. Firas Dabbous of the James R. & Helen D. Russell Institute for Research & Innovation in Park Ridge, Illinois. Getting a false-positive is stressful. It means a woman has to come back for a follow-up, and she may often have to pay the cost out of pocket.
"There is a strong visceral response when you get a callback from your doctor about your mammogram reading and that doesn't go away until the patient gets that benign result," Dr. Nila Alsheik of Advocate Lutheran General Hospital in Oak Ridge, a colleague of Dabbous who did not work on the study, told NBC News.
Related: New Report Questions Value of Mammograms
Patients at the very least have to schedule time to come back for another mammogram, often an ultrasound, too. They may also need a painful biopsy. And while the first screening mammogram should be cost-free, some insurance plans charge women for all or part of these follow-ups.
"There are a variety of ways to check for a false positive mammogram like with a biopsy or ultrasound. This process can be very stressful for women, causing anxiety and also has economic burdens," Dabbous said.
“ There is a strong visceral response when you get a callback from your doctor about your mammogram reading.”
The team looked at the records of 261,000 women who had 740,000 mammograms.
They found that about 12 percent of the mammograms — a type of x-ray — produced a false positive.
"Women with a true negative result were 36 percent more likely to return to screening in the next 36 months compared with women with a false positive result," the team wrote.
That translated to a higher risk that the women would have late-stage cancer when they did come back, although the risk was not very high — less than one-half of one percent. About 0.4 percent of women who had a false positive were diagnosed with late-stage breast cancer over the next four years, compared to 0.3 percent of women who got negative mammogram readings.
Related: One in Three Diagnosed Wrongly With Breast Cancer
Newer technologies may help reduce the rate of false positives, said Dr. Laura Shepardson of the Cleveland Clinic, who was not involved in the research.
"One example is a breast tomosynthesis, which takes a series of images, kind of like CT scan or like 3D imaging, and can helps reduce the likelihood of callbacks," Shepardson said.
Research has shown that women who had false positives were more likely to actually develop breast cancer down the road.
The National Cancer Institute's breast cancer risk calculator includes it as a risk factor. Other risk factors include:
age
race
whether she has had radiation treatment to the chest
when and whether she's had children
when she reached puberty
whether she has close relatives with breast cancer
“ This process can be very stressful for women, causing anxiety and also has economic burdens.”
How often women should get mammograms is a controversial topic and not every tumor is a killer.
Just last October, at the Dartmouth Institute for Health Policy and Clinical Practice said overdiagnosis was causing women worry and treatment that may be more harmful than some of the tumors being removed.
Last month, American Cancer Society chief medical officer Dr. Otis Brawley argued that not every breast tumor is a killer and shouldn't be treated as such.
American Cancer Society guidelines say women with an average risk of breast cancer can wait until they're 45 to have a first mammogram and should have them every year until age 55. After that they should start having them every other year.
The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force says most women can safely wait until they are 50 to start getting mammograms and that they need only one every other year.
Some studies have cast doubt on whether mammograms actually reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer. A 2012 study published in the New England Journal of Medicine that found that as many as a third of cancers detected through routine mammograms may not be life-threatening.
Related: Breast Cancer Study Raises More Questions
Breast cancer is a leading killer of U.S. women. Every year, it's diagnosed in 200,000 women and a few men, and kills around 40,000.
Research shows that treating a tumor early makes for easier, less invasive surgery and can save lives. So, mammograms have become an annual ritual for millions of American women.
Fulton County Sheriff Al Roork and other law enforcement officers and community leaders are getting ready for the first Shop with a Cop Program for Fulton County. The Shop with a Cop Program is a fantastic event which pairs children, who may not have a Christmas or have never got to shop for gifts with a local law enforcement officer, to shop for gifts for themselves and family members. On December 9, children will be transported by the officers to the Ash Flat Wal-Mart for a shopping spree.
The Fulton County program was initiated last December after Sharp County held a very successful event for 105 children. Sharp County Sheriff Mark Counts and John Kunkel from First Community Bank met with Fulton County Sheriff Al Roork and Fulton County Fair Manager Carolyn Lewis and offered their help in starting a program in Fulton County. Representative Scott Baltz, Senator Linda Collins-Smith, North Arkansas Electric Cooperative, Wal-Mart at Ash Flat, First Community Bank and Kunkel each pledged funds for the Fulton County project. After hearing about the program, the Saddle Baptist Church started a monthly donation to the fund and community organizations and individuals have made donations; however, there is still a need for funds for the program. The goal is to involve 40 to 50 children and to have funds for $100 per child.
Businesses, organizations and individuals who want to make a donation can drop it off at the Fulton County Sheriff's Office or the Fulton County Fair Office. Donations can also be mailed to Shop with a Cop, P.O. Box 910, Salem, AR 72576. For more information on the program contact the Fulton County Sheriff's Office or call the Fulton County Fair Office at 870-895-5565.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
BARCELONA, Spain — Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez scored after Villarreal was reduced to 10 men to give Barcelona a 2-0 win on Sunday that maintained its lead of the Spanish league.
Suarez finished off a quick passing combination, involving himself, Messi and substitute Paco Alcacer, by rounding goalkeeper Sergio Asenjo and tapping the ball home in the 72nd minute.
Messi then sealed the win with seven minutes to play when Sergio Busquets intercepted the ball near Villarreal's area and passed for the Argentina forward to speed between two defenders and fire past Asenjo.
The goal took Messi's league-leading tally to 14 for the season.
Apart from Gerard Pique's header off the post early on, hosts Villarreal had kept Barcelona in check until reserve team forward Daniel Rabaseda saw a direct red card for a studs-first tackle into Busquets' ankle with a half-hour remaining.
“We were in control and the sending-off completely changed the match,” Villarreal coach Javier Calleja said. “He tried to go for the ball and arrived late. It was a foul, but I don't think it was a red. It is easier to send off young players.”
Barcelona made good on the extra man and attacked repeatedly through left back Jordi Alba. Suarez sent a pass by Alba off the post minutes before he finally broke the deadlock.
Villarreal was the more dangerous team in the first half. Barcelona goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen made a reflex save to get a hand on Roberto Soriano's bouncing volley in the 16th.
Ernesto Valverde's side remained undefeated through 15 rounds. The win also ended Barcelona's run of two consecutive draws at Valencia and against Celta Vigo that had let rivals chip into its lead.
Barcelona remained five points ahead of second-place Valencia, six ahead of Atletico Madrid, and eight ahead of defending champions Real Madrid. Both Valencia and Madrid won on Saturday.
“The victories by our rivals spurred us on,” Valverde said.
——
CLASSIC ATLETICO
Atletico's 1-0 win at Real Betis was its third victory in a row in the league as it focuses on the domestic title chase after its early exit from the Champions League.
The victory played out in classic fashion for the team that Diego Simeone has long forged into one of Europe's toughest sides to crack.
The idea was simple: an ironclad defence that only got tighter after midfielder Saul Niguez secured the lead.
And with that proving enough to get the three points, Simeone won't be worried by his side only managing 26 per cent possession.
“They were causing us trouble but we fortified our defence after the goal,” Simeone said. “In the second half it was more of the same. There was a team that had the ball and wanted to do damage but ran into a very strong defence.”
A well-orchestrated counterattack tilted the contest in their favour, with Niguez sliding at the far post to push in Sime Vrsaljko's cross just before the half-hour mark.
Betis tried to respond, but goalkeeper Jan Oblak denied the best chance to level when he stretched to tip Cristian Tello's powerful strike over the bar.
Atletico and Barcelona have conceded a league-low seven goals this season. Atletico, unbeaten in the league, has been particularly stingy over the past month, conceding just one goal in its last five league matches.
——
OWN-GOALS GALORE
Athletic Bilbao beat Levante 2-1 with both teams scoring own-goals.
An own-goal by Bilbao defender Aymeric Laporte in the 73rd cancelled out the early penalty scored by teammate Aritz Aduriz.
But Bilbao was gifted the win in Valencia when Sergio Postigo turned a cross into his net six minutes later.
Bilbao ended its streak of six rounds without a victory as it moved away from the relegation zone.
——
FIRST AWAY WIN
Malaga beat Real Sociedad 2-0 for its first win on the road after losing its first seven away matches.
The victory lifted Malaga out of last place and pushed Las Palmas to the bottom.
A fire in a derelict building in Grantham is believed to have been started deliberately.
Three fire crews attended the building in Mount Street at 3.40pm yesterday. They used one hose reel to extinguish the fire.
(Oklahoma Department of Corrections via AP). This photo provided by the Oklahoma Department of Corrections shows Jerry Drake Varnell, of Sayre, Okla., who was arrested Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017, in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb in an ...
By TIM TALLEYAssociated Press
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - A 23-year-old man who was "out for blood" when attempted to detonate what he believed was an explosives-laden van outside an Oklahoma bank in a plot similar to the deadly 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building is expected to be formally charged Monday, authorities said.
Federal officials said Jerry Drake Varnell of Sayre, Oklahoma, was arrested early Saturday in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb in an alley adjacent to BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City. Varnell was scheduled to appear in federal court later Monday on a charge of attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce. Court records do not indicate whether Varnell is represented by an attorney.
A federal complaint filed on Sunday says a confidential informant told the FBI in December that Varnell wanted to blow up a building and "that Varnell was upset with the government and was seeking retaliation."
Officials said Varnell initially wanted to blow up the Federal Reserve Building in Washington, D.C., with a device similar to one used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, killing 168 people and injuring hundreds more.
In a series of text messages with the FBI's informant, Varnell "claimed to have a bunker for when the world (or United States) collapsed" and indicated he was trying to build a team, the complaint states.
"I'm out for blood," the complaint quotes Varnell's texts. "When militias start getting formed I'm going after government officials when I have a team."
But an undercover FBI agent posed as someone who could help Varnell build a bomb and the device used was actually inert, authorities said. Varnell's actions were monitored closely for months as the plot developed.
"There was never a concern that our community's safety or security was at risk during this investigation," said Kathryn Peterson, special agent in charge of the FBI in Oklahoma.
The undercover agent met face-to-face with him on June 1 to discuss obtaining materials for an ammonium nitrate and fuel oil bomb similar to the one used in the Oklahoma City bombing, the complaint states.
Varnell indicated at the meeting that he had previously made homemade explosives and that he "was of the same mind with people who wanted to use explosives and make a statement," the complaint says.
"Something needs to be done," Varnell said, but killing a lot of people was not a good idea, according to the complaint. During text conversations in July, Varnell stated he wanted to conduct the attack after closing hours to prevent casualties but conceded that some bank workers or custodians who were inside the building could be killed or injured in the blast, it says.
The complaint says Varnell helped assemble the device and load it into what he believed was a stolen van. Shortly after midnight on Saturday, Varnell drove the van by himself from a storage unit in El Reno, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) from the bank in Oklahoma City, and dialed a number on a cell telephone that he believed would trigger the explosion. The FBI and members of a Joint Terrorism Task Force arrested Varnell shortly before 1 a.m.
The complaint also states that Varnell prepared a statement to be posted on Facebook after the explosion which reads in part that the attack was "retaliation against the freedoms that have been taken away from the American people" and "an act done to show the government what the people think of its actions."
If convicted, Varnell faces between five and 20 years in prison.
___
Sign up for the AP's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas: http://apne.ws/2u1RMfv .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A Morgantown landlord convicted of sexual abuse has been denied his request for parole.
Gary Walden appeared in Monongalia County Circuit Court Monday to request parole, which he became eligible for in July.
In July 2015, Walden was sentenced to two to 10 years in prison on sexual abuse charges.
Walden had been serving his sentence at the Huttonsville Correctional Center until he was granted home confinement in February because of health concerns.
The court denied Walden's request Monday, which would parole him into serving his second sentence of one to 15 years.
Walden will be eligible again for parole in six months.
A CareFlite air ambulance lifts off the scene of a crash that killed teenager Joshua Joseph Hall, 19, and critically injured his 17-year-old passenger on West Hwy. 199 Saturday, Sept. 30. Photo by Carla Noah Stutsman
Waiting to turn, pickup hit from behind, overturns
BY CARLA NOAH STUTSMAN
A Springtown teen lost his life and his teenage passenger continues to fight for his following a horrific crash around 2 p.m. Saturday, Sept. 30.
Joshua Joseph Hall, 19, of Springtown, was pronounced dead at the scene of the accident on West Hwy. 199 at Gilliland Road.
His passenger, 17-year-old Marty Nelson, also of Springtown, was taken by CareFlite air ambulance to a Metroplex hospital in critical condition.
A family member said Nelson is now at Parkland Hospital in Dallas. Although his condition is still critical, the teen is improving, and the family appreciates the prayers of the community.
According to Staff Sgt. Richard Hunter of the Texas Department of Public Safety, Hall – at the wheel of a 1993 Dodge Dakota pickup – and Nelson were eastbound on West Hwy. 199 when Hall stopped and waited to turn left onto Gilliland Road.
The Dodge was struck from behind by a 2015 Ford F250 pickup that was also eastbound. The Ford was pulling a trailer which carried a tractor.
The impact caused the Dodge to overturn multiple times before coming to rest upside down in the center of the roadway, Hunter said.
The Ford continued off the roadway before coming to rest in the barrow ditch.
The driver of the Ford, Justin Earl Collins, 30, also from Springtown, was uninjured.
Hwy. 199 was shut down to all traffic at the site as first responders, CareFlite, and law enforcement worked at the scene, a few feet east of Gilliland Road.
Westbound traffic was diverted onto Pojo Drive, then Holbrook Road, then Gilliland Road before it was allowed to continue west on the highway.
Eastbound traffic was diverted to Holbrook and back to Pojo Drive, where it continued east into Springtown.
Officials reopened the highway to traffic fully three hours later, just after 5 p.m.
DPS troopers were back at the scene Tuesday morning, Oct. 3, to gather additional information in the ongoing investigation into the crash.
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Austin Appleby threw for 222 yards and two touchdowns, helping No. 20 Florida end a two-game losing streak with a 30-3 rout of No. 21 Iowa in the Outback Bowl on Monday.
Mark Thompson scored on an 85-yard pass play in the first half and Appleby, a graduate transfer who spent the past four seasons at Purdue, tossed a 6-yard TD pass to DeAndre Goolsby to break the game open late in the third quarter. Chauncey Gardner, Jr., returned the first of his two fourth-quarter interceptions 58 yards for a 24-3 lead.
Florida (9-4) rebounded from lopsided losses to archrival Florida State and No. 1 Alabama, scoring more points on Iowa (8-5) than the Hawkeyes allowed to Michigan, Illinois and Nebraska combined while ending the regular season on a three-game winning streak.
Iowa's C.J. Beathard led an early field goal drive, and managed to get his team close to the end zone on two other occasions. Florida's defense stiffened both times, stopping the Hawkeyes on downs at the Gator 3 in the second quarter and forcing them to settle for a 30-yard field goal that sailed wide right midway through the third quarter.
Appleby, who actually began his career at Purdue against Iowa, shrugged off throwing interceptions on Florida's first two drives of the day to finish 14 of 25 passing.
Akrum Wadley ran for 115 yards, giving Iowa a pair of 1,000-yard rushers in the same season for the first time. The junior finished with 1,081, and LeShun Daniels wound up with 1,058 after gaining 45 Monday.
THE TAKEAWAY
Florida: The Gators could be looking at having to replace at least three stalwarts on defense — tackle Caleb Brantley and cornerbacks Jalen Tabor and Quincy Wilson — who are expected to leave school early to enter the NFL draft. Linebacker Alex Anzalone and defensive back Duke Dawson also are considering turning pro.
Iowa: Like Florida's Tabor and Wilson, cornerback Desmond King is a likely high NFL draft pick. He won the Jim Thorpe Award as the nation's top defensive back as a junior and was just as good this year, though opponents' reluctance to throw his way — three interceptions this season vs. eight in 2015 — may have hurt his chances to win the award again as a senior. The Hawkeyes will also lose quarterback C.J. Beathard, who finished his career 21-7 as a starter.
TURNING POINT
Beathard directed the best drive of the game by either team, moving Iowa from its own 36 to inside the Florida 10 with help from runs of 27 yards by Akrum Wadley and 11 yards by LeShun Daniels, plus an 18-yard pass to tight end George Kittle on third-and-14 from the Gators 28. Three plays later, Beathard dropped back to throw before scrambling for a 6-yard gain near the goal line. The Hawkeyes thought he scored, but officials ruled him down at the 1. Daniels was dropped for a 2-yard loss on fourth down. Florida snapped the 3-3 tie less than six minutes later, when Thompson scored on the longest reception and TD in Outback Bowl history.
UP NEXT
Florida: Opens next season Sept. 2 against Michigan in Arlington, Texas.
Iowa: Wyoming visits Iowa City for season opener on Sept. 2.
Get our hottest stories
delivered to your inbox Sign up for News Channel 8's Noon Newsletter to get
updates on the day's top stories Privacy Policy | Manage Newsletters
However, if some of us sometimes stumble with our words, it is not for lack of compassion. Rather, it is often an awkward attempt to express feeling in the face of an experience that many of us have never known. Perhaps our quiet presence is what is most important for those who are suffering. Terminal illness is a road that no one should have to travel alone.
SUSAN DUNN
VALLEY GLEN, CALIF.
To the Editor:
I have stage IV lung cancer, buoyed by immunotherapy for the past year with no specific end in sight. Lung cancer carries a stigma. “No, I have never smoked. I did not give this to myself,” I answer as people give me those woeful doe eyes. I am everybody's friend and nobody's friend — a talisman to check in with and then, with a smile, politely leave to head toward people who are more alive. I struggle with what to say. “Treatable, but not curable.” It is all so tiresome. I stick close to those who indeed love me and surround me as they always have — seeing me as me and not just a purveyor of cancer.
ERIN FARRAR, PORTLAND, ORE.
To the Editor:
As my wife was dying of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (Lou Gehrig's disease), I grew to want to hear the phrase “What can I do for you?” from those who contacted me. This simple phrase cuts to the chase of what each person needs; everyone reacts differently to situations such as Kate Bowler's. One day you may need a hug, another day you may need someone to pick up some groceries. I feel deep down that people are looking for clues how to help. “What can I do for you?” can answer that question clearly and directly.
CRAIG WROBEL
MUNDELEIN, ILL.
To the Editor:
While thoughtful and descriptive, this article at times revealed a certain superiority that seems unfortunate. Kate Bowler's friends and family are most likely doing their utmost to show compassion and care, in the only ways they know how, and yet the author chooses to criticize them with gentle mockery?
FIONA BAYLY, NEW YORK
To the Editor:
As a woman with an incurable chronic condition, I found Kate Bowler's essay gripping for its honesty and helpful for its straightforward advice. As a chronic illness drags on over the months and years, friends get tired of trying to talk about it. They want to care, but, honestly, they get bored. I bore myself. So we say we're fine when we're not. We say we don't need anything, but what we want the most is to talk.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The losses one experiences are incalculable. I've lost dear friends because I can't go out at night or I have to cancel plans at the last minute because of pain or soul-crushing fatigue. And then there's the loss of who I was.
Honestly, at a very low point, I've even wished for something more dramatic or life-ending, like cancer. People might “get it,” and then I could die.
CHRIS NEWBILL, ALBUQUERQUE
To the Editor:
As she faces death, Kate Bowler has opened up a conversation that many of us need to have on this almost taboo subject. I discovered long ago as an Episcopal pastor something that may help. In the first few years, I tried to explain death and rebirth to grieving families with my highfalutin theology. I could see them looking the other way or changing the subject. Then it came to me to ask a simple question: “When you think of your loved one, what are you most thankful for?” Ah, the loved ones responded well to that, coming up with all sorts of things.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
If I were Ms. Bowler's pastor, I wouldn't ask her what she is most thankful for — that could be intrusive — but I would say, “Kate Bowler, I am thankful for you.” I hope that when it comes my turn, I will tell loved ones of all the good things they, my angels, gave me. And I hope the same for others.
(REV.) WILLIAM BARNWELL
NEW ORLEANS
To the Editor:
As a colon cancer survivor, I relate to the feelings and thoughts that Kate Bowler expressed so eloquently. All one can do is put one foot in front of the other and address the task at hand. Staying in the present moment helped me the most. You are here now; you are a mother now; you are a wife now. You are both loved and loving now. I wish you the best, Ms. Bowler.
SANDRA SINGER, NEW YORK
To the Editor:
Dear Kate,
You have given a voice to living with the unfortunate diagnosis of stage IV cancer that I know too well. I too sync my life with my CT scans. Last spring's positive scan allowed for a wonderful summer of short-term goals and beauty while working in my gardens. I have a new lily garden and a renewed friendship with my 86-year-old neighbor who mentored me in this process.
I, too, have endured many people's bumbling attempts at support. I understand the fear and discomfort. If you want to truly be there for a friend, neighbor or family member, just show up. There is nothing to fix or make better. Just keep showing up.
LISA ROUNDS, CHICHESTER, N.H.
To the Editor:
Who could not feel for Kate Bowler as she faces her mortality? Yet I was offended by her article. We, as a society, stink at talking about death since we inexplicably choose to disbelieve that it is looming for our loved ones and ourselves.
I was offended not by Ms. Bowler's reaction to all the well-meaning, albeit awkward, platitudes that she regularly endures. That's her business. I was offended by her apparent thinking that one size fits all when it comes to fielding those platitudes. Some facing death may meet it morbidly, others angrily, spiritually or even humorously. It's a very personal choice.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Bowler's article should be viewed as a personal and thought-provoking (maybe even conversation-provoking) piece. It should not be taken as a guide.
PETER KEATING, CARMEL, CALIF.
To the Editor:
Last summer a fire destroyed thousands of acres, including much beloved hiking trails, in the Columbia River Gorge. The Oregonian newspaper ran an editorial that said people's reaction to the fire was the same as being told that a loved one had terminal cancer.
I wrote to the editor that my wife had been diagnosed with terminal cancer, and as much as I was saddened by the fire, the two were not the same. She responded that I was wrong, that I didn't understand how people were grieving the loss of a forest.
The trees are now growing back. My wife died on Oct. 14.
FRED LEONHARDT
PORTLAND, ORE.
BOSTON — Tomas Murphy scored eight of his career-high 21 points in overtime to push Northeastern past UNC Wilmington 107-100 on Saturday.
It was the most points Northeastern (15-9, 8-4 Colonial Athletic Association) has scored since putting up 102 against Cal State Northridge in 2005.
Murphy didn't miss a shot in the extra period, making a layup, four free throws, and a two-handed dunk that gave Northeastern a seven-point lead with 55 seconds remaining.
Vasa Pusica scored 24 points to lead the Huskies. Anthony Green added 16 points and Donnell Gresham Jr. had 14. Murphy, a 6-8 freshman forward, was 8 of 11 from the field.
Ty Taylor II scored 27 points to lead UNC Wilmington (7-17, 4-8). Jordon Talley added 20 points, and Devontae Cacok had 18 points and 17 rebounds.
Trailing 89-86 with 2.7 seconds left, the Seahawks drove the length of the floor and Taylor hit a 3 at the buzzer to force overtime.
DENVER (AP) The signing of Mark Reynolds over the winter pretty much flew under the radar and reasonably so: It was a minor league deal with no guarantee.
An insurance policy then, the Colorado Rockies first baseman has become an integral piece, seamlessly stepping in after Ian Desmond broke his left hand during spring training.
Reynolds is hitting .306 with four homers and a team-best 11 RBIs for the surging Rockies.
”He's doing his thing,” said Rockies manager Bud Black. ”He's doing a great job. No doubt about it.”
Still in search of their first NL West title and trying to reach the postseason for the first time since 2009, the Rockies won a four-game series in San Francisco for the first time in club history last weekend. They lead the division at 9-5.
Just a few months ago, Reynolds was mulling over a multitude of minor league offers from big league teams, along with attempts to entice him to play in South Korea or Japan.
For familiarity's sake, he returned to the Rockies for a second season. Reynolds craved stability for his wife and three sons after a career that's seen him bounce around since Arizona selected him in the 16th round of the 2004 amateur draft.
”At this point of my career, it's not about how much money I can make,” said Reynolds, who's also played for Baltimore, Cleveland, New York Yankees, Milwaukee and St. Louis since his big league debut with Arizona in `07. ”It's more about me being comfortable and being in an environment where I feel like I can succeed and enjoy myself.”
Added to the big league roster late in spring training, the 33-year-old Reynolds has a $1.5 million base salary and can earn $2 million in performance bonuses based on plate appearances: $250,000 for 200, $300,000 for 250, $400,000 for 300, $450,000 for 350 and $600,000 for 400.
”At the end of the day, this is somewhere I wanted to be and where they wanted me back,” Reynolds said. ”It just fit.”
Reynolds' presence proved crucial in the wake of Desmond injury, sustained when he was hit by a pitch from Cincinnati's Rookie Davis on March 12. Desmond was among the Rockies' biggest offseason additions after agreeing to a $70 million, five-year deal in December to make the transition into a first baseman.
Desmond has started to take ground balls in recent days. There's no announced timetable for his return.
”Unfortunately, the Desmond thing put me in a good spot to play a lot,” Reynolds said. ”But when he comes back, we're going to be that much better. … I'm just trying to take advantage of the opportunities I have while I'm still in the lineup. I'm trying to make it hard for Bud (Black) to not put my name in there.”
Reynolds is coming off a season with Colorado in which he hit a career-best .282 with 14 homers and 53 RBIs. He struck out only 112 times in 441 plate appearances, an improvement from when he topped 200 each season from 2008-10.
That's due, in part, to a revamped swing.
”I wasn't up there trying to open my hips and jerk the ball out of the park,” Reynolds explained. ”I was up there putting good passes on the ball and being consistent.”
His season was cruising along until injuries limited him to 32 at-bats after Aug. 11. He broke the hamate bone in his left hand while swinging a bat against Texas, leading to surgery four days later. He was activated Aug. 31 and broke his left wrist when hit by a pitch from San Diego's Jose Dominguez on Sept. 18.
”That was frustrating,” Reynolds said. ”I was in a cast until Thanksgiving. I couldn't play golf. I couldn't go on vacation.
”We just stayed around the house and got my hand better, rehabbed it, worked out a lot. Frustrating, but at the same time, it gives perspective.”
Namely, how much he desired to return to the Rockies.
”I just wanted to come back to where I was comfortable,” Reynolds said. ”Plus, I felt like this team was on the way up. I wanted to be a part of that.”
—
AP Baseball Writer Ronald Blum in New York contributed to this report.
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
As part of Welcome Week festivities, all incoming freshmen took part in adventure projects, or service projects.
"So today, and Tuesday, we have thousands of students out in the community, white water rafting, climbing, doing the canopy tour, but then also serving our community with some of our community partners," said Leah Cunningham, Operation Coordinator WVU Center for Service and Learning.
One of the many projects included students gathering at Stansbury Hall to pack meals for the Mountaineer Food Bank's Mobile Pantry. This is for a backpack program that serves 140 schools and 8,500 students in the county.
"And this saves a lot of work down the line. So our agencies get food from us which they have to pack up and distribute to the schools but this kind of cuts out that portion of the project for them, just cuts out a little bit of the labor intensive part for them. So they will be provided with these packs and be able to distribute to their schools," said Laura Phillips, Child Hunger Program Coordinator Mountaineer Food Bank.
Megan Zimcosky, WVU senior, said the participating in service projects benefits the students.
"It's kind of nice to see them get more involved early on and they can kind of get involved in other club organizations too. They can meet new people in a nice environment. So it's nice to see them do this," said Zimcosky.
"What we found is that if students engage in service within their first few weeks on campus, that increases retention and graduation rates. Students that are here maybe for the first time, by going and doing service in the community, they are able to make those connections, so they feel that not only is WVU their home, but Morgantown is their home and also the state of West Virginia is their home," said Leah Cunningham.
WASHINGTON — The chief executive director of The Humane Society of the United States resigned following sexual harassment allegations.
The New York Times reports that Wayne Pacelle resigned Friday after donors and employees of the animal protection group began calling for him to step down over the allegations.
In an email to staff, Pacelle said that because “our mission depends on unity,” he was stepping aside to allow a search for a successor to begin “and to put aside any distractions, in the best interests of all parties.”
In a news release announcing the resignation, Rick Bernthal, Chairman of the Board of The Humane Society, said the last few days have been hard for the group's family of staff and supporters.
Kitty Block has been named acting president and CEO for The Humane Society.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa — “Day Zero” is approaching as South Africa's showcase city of Cape Town prepares to turn off most water taps amid the worst drought in a century. Tensions among the four million residents are highlighting a class divide in a country with one of the world's highest rates of inequality.
Cape Town, a top international tourist destination, has both sprawling informal settlements and high-income oceanside neighbourhoods. Some say poorer residents are unfairly blamed as concerns rise over wasting precious water. The military is prepared to help secure water collection points if “Day Zero” occurs.
The Associated Press is exploring how residents are coping as water restrictions tighten in an attempt to avoid the possible shut-off in mid-April, and it spoke with researchers about where the water usage problems lie.
Kirsty Carden with the Future Water Institute at the University of Cape Town pointed to the city's leafy suburbs. “It has been in the areas where people have gardens, they have swimming pools and they are much more profligate in the way that they use water, because they're used to the water just being, coming out of the taps,” she said.
Some residents appear to be changing their ways, she said, but “there have been problems in the more affluent areas where people are just, ‘We'll pay for it.”‘
About a quarter of Cape Town's population lives in the informal settlements, where they get water from communal taps instead of individual taps at home, Carden said. “And there are always pictures of running taps and broken fixtures and ‘Look at the leakage' and all the rest. But the reality is that those 1 million people out of a population of 4 (million) only use 4.5 per cent of the water.”
In one of the crowded settlements of corrugated-metal homes, resident Vuyo Kazi washed her laundry outside as others poured used water into the street.
“Before, I was using two kettles of water to wash myself,” she said. “So now I use one kettle of water.”
Under new water restrictions that began Thursday, residents are asked to use no more than 50 litres (13.2 gallons) of water daily, down from the previous limit of 87 litres (23 gallons). The use of city drinking water to wash vehicles, hose down paved areas, fill up private swimming pools and water gardens is illegal. Residents using too much water will be fined.
Across the city, in the seaside town of Scarborough, resident Kelson da Cruz demonstrated the new normal of water rationing, pointing out the bucket beside his shower. The city has even promoted a Two-Minute Shower Songs project by top South African artists to keep water usage down.
“We are restricted with an amount of the water that we can use per day,” da Cruz said. “So we collect that water, and that water you can use to flush the toilet.” Another jar of water is used for tooth-brushing and face-washing.
Some 70 per cent of water used in Cape Town is consumed in homes, authorities say. Experts have said causes of the city's water shortages include climate change and huge population growth. The local reliance on reservoirs, while projects such as desalination plants were largely left to the future, has been hurt by three straight years of drought.
Scientists are watching how authorities cope, as this would be the world's first major city to go dry.
“We always open the tap, the water is there, easy,” da Cruz said. “I was lucky to travel to some dry countries where water has always been a big issue. So when we moved to South Africa that has always been on the back of our mind.
“And I think South Africa is for the first time is really catching up with the rest of the world. They have to change their habits. You can't just take for granted something so precious.”
A Rougham nursery is offering customers who buy Christmas trees from them the opportunity to have them recycled once the seasonal festivities are over.
Rougham Hall Nurseries, on the westbound A14 Beyton slip road, have been selling Christmas trees for the last 15 years and following queries from customers last year decided to offer the recycling facility.
Yvonne Harbutt, from the nursery, said: “We thought it was something environmentally friendly and customers can feel they're doing their bit.”
The recycled material will be used as a mulch on pathways around vegetable beds the nursery will be exhibiting.
“Hopefully this recycling offer will make it a bit easier for people to dispose of their trees after Christmas,” added Yvonne.
The offer is only available to those who purchase a tree from the nursery and customers are asked to take along their price tag to benefit from the free service.
The nursery is selling traditional Norway spruce up to 10ft tall, Nordmann firs from 5ft to 14ft and some pot grown trees.
SSCE: NGO petitions WAEC over alleged malpractice
African Initiative Against Corruption and Exam Malpractice (AIACEM), an NGO, has called for a probe into the ongoing Senior Secondary Certificate Examination (SSCE). Mr Francis Abioye, National Coordinator, AIACEM, stated this in a statement he signed him and made available to newsmen on Tuesday in Owerri. Abioye claimed that the ongoing SSCE has been marred […]
The post SSCE: NGO petitions WAEC over alleged malpractice appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Who's who in the new BBC1 drama centred on a pair of maverick cops dealing with each other…and the end of the world
It's a drama set in a recognisable modern day London… about to be burned to a crisp.
Advertisement
Yes Hard Sun is back for a second episode on Saturday night (but you can watch int all on iPlayer if you're impatient).
Neil Cross's new Saturday night show Hard Sun is a thriller, a cop show and an apocalyptic drama. Our two main characters, oddball pairing Elaine Renko and Robert Hicks (played by Jim Sturgess and Agyness Deyn), will soon discover that the world is about to end. And the powers-that-be want to keep it a secret.
The duo don't start off as particular friends – Renko is investigating Hicks in an ongoing corruption case and he is on to her. But when the sun is about to devastate the world they need to act together.
Before all that imminent desctruction happens, though, it's probably a good idea to meet the main protagonists…
DI Elaine Renko (played by Agyness Deyn)
A super-smart cop with absolute moral probity, Elaine is never going to take a bribe or bump someone off. But she has a lot on her plate, having been savagely attacked in early scenes in episode one at the hands of her troubled son Daniel. The attack also saw all her belongings destroyed in a fire – a rather neat pointer to what may happen to the world in five years' time.
Who is Agyness Deyn?
A model and actress, she has adorned many a glossy magazine cover alongside her acting work which includes the role of Aphrodite in 2010 film Clash of the Titans, the lead in 2014 film Electricity and a role in Matt Smith's 2015 zombie thriller Patient Zero (which is still yet to be released).
DCI Charlie Hicks (played by Jim Sturgess)
Charming, happy and balanced, he is – on the face of it – a contented family man with a beautiful wife, a lovely kid and a new baby on the way. He's also a well-regarded, committed copper with just one problem: he's profoundly dodgy. Not only does he take bribes, he might be embroiled in the murder of a fellow officer, who happened to be his best friend and whose wife he is more than a little close to. Mmm….
Who is Jim Sturgess?
Jim Sturgess starred opposite Anne Hathaway in the film of David Nicholls' romantic saga One Day and played the lead role of a British intelligence operative Callum Ferguson in Stephen Poliakoff's so-so BBC drama Close to the Enemy. He's also had roles in Cloud Atlas, The Way Back and Crossing Over.
Grace Morrigan (played by Nikki Amuka-Bird)
Formidably calculating, intelligent and dedicated, this shadowy intelligence operative is determined to retrieve the Hard Sun file and will kill to get her way. When Renko outmanoeuvres her by making part of the Hard Sun file public, it becomes personal. Daniel is the pawn that Grace uses to try and manipulate Renko.
Who is Nikki Amuka-Bird?
A veteran of stage and screen she starred in the TV dramas NW and Small Island – and was recently heard in the Doctor Who Christmas special Twice Upon a Time as the voice of the Glass Woman
Daniel Renko (played by Jojo Macari)
A deeply troubled yoing man from a childhood defined by mental illness, drug abuse and a series of short stays in multiple foster homes. He is also Renko's son – something which draws him into the far bigger fight she finds herself tackling.
Who is Jojo Macari?
This is the first major TV acting role for the newcomer
Mari Butler (played by Aisling Bea)
Mari is the widow of Charlie's best friend, fellow copper Alex Butler, who has been shot dead before the action starts. She is also having an affair with Charlie – and yet seems to genuinely grieve for her late husband. But she also accepts Charlie's dodgy money. What's she up to? Was she involved in Alex's death?
Who is Aisling Bea?
Best known for her comedy work, the Irish writer and stand-up will be a familiar face to fans of Taskmaster and The Last Leg.
DCS Roland Bell (played by Derek Riddell)
An arch-enemy of Charlie Hicks, this dry cynical plod is determined to convict his adversary for corruption and the murder of Alex Butler – which is why he is running Renko's investigation into her dodgy partner.
Who is Derek Riddell?
The Scottish actor is perhaps best known for his portrayal of Dr. Jamie Patterson in the Channel 4 television series No Angels. He has also appeared in an array of shows including Silent Witness and Waterloo Road and more recently showed up in Gunpowder, The Missing and Happy Valley.
DS Keith Greener (played by Owain Arthur)
A laddish father of six and dedicated family man, Keith's role as the group's comedian doesn't detract from the fact that he is a brilliant copper. One to watch…
Who is Owain Arthur?
The Welsh actor has largely concentrated so far in his career onboard. He rose to fame taking the James Corden role in the hit theatrical show One Man, Two Guvnors. However, he has played Glen Thomas in Casualty and starred as Nobbo in six episodes of Babylon.
DS George Mooney (Adrian Rawlins)
A gentle, dapper, churchgoing member of the National Trust, Mooney is perhaps the most serious member of Hicks's team.
Who is Adrian Rawlins?
The veteran actor is perhaps best known for playing Harry Potter's father James in the hit film adaptations of JK Rowling's fantasy saga.
DS Herbie Sarafian (Joplin “Chook” Sibtain)
Mooney's best friend is a man as calm and self-assured as he is physically imposing.
Who is Joplin Sibtain?
The English actor is perhaps best known for his role as Mark Grantham in Doctor Who is a spin-off the Sarah Jane Adventures
DS Mishal Ali (played by Varada Sethu)
Another dedicated copper on the team and a fitness fan who smokes the odd ciggie, Mishal is partnered with Keith and they have a close, sibling-like dynamic.
Who is Varada Sethu?
Varada played the fairy Peaseblossom in the BBC's version of Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream last year and appeared in Doctor Foster as Aisha.
Thom Blackwood (played by Richard Coyle)
Thom is a murderous psychopath who, partly fuelled by the general sense of apocalyptic doom, partly because of his own religious mania, wants to test God. Will the Almighty stop him killing good people? Or will Renko and Hicks?
Who is Richard Coyle?
Rose to fame in 2000 playing the sexually frustrated Jeff in Steven Moffat's comedy Coupling and has appeared in an array of stage, TV and film roles since then including the NBC drama Crossbones.
Father Dennis Chapman (played by Dermot Crowley)
A goodly, hard-working priest his faith is sorely tested when Thom confesses his crimes to him, putting him on the horns of a terrible dilemma. Can he break the confidentiality of the confessional to save lives? Or must he honour his sacred vows?
Who is Dermot Crowley?
A veteran Irish stage, screen and TV actor he was last seen playing Lazar Kaganovich, one of Josef Stalin's closest aides in Armando Iannucci's hit film The Death of Stalin.
Sunny Ramachandran (played by Tom Reed)
Sunny Ramachandran is a dodgy computer hacker who chances upon the Hard Sun data – with deadly consequences for many.
Who is Tom Reed?
The British actor is perhaps best known for his starring role as Ahmad Khan in the police procedural television series NYC 22 as well as appearances in an array of shows including The Good Wife and the NBC TV series Dracula.
Advertisement
Hard Sun is on BBC1 on Saturday nights starting on Saturday January 6 at 9.35pm
Melania Trump's Massive White Hat Sparks Comments
The White House was awash in pomp and pageantry on Tuesday as President Trump hosted French President Emmanuel Macron during his first official state visit.
The two world leaders, joined by their spouses, met on the White House's South Lawn, surrounded by roughly 500 members of the U.S. military and dozens of government officials.
Both Macron's wife, Brigitte, and First Lady Melania Trump wore white during the morning ceremony.
The First lady stole the show with a wide-brimmed white hat that some on social media compared to Joan Collin's Alexis Carrington Colby character on “Dynasty” and others compared to Kerry Washington's Olivia Pope character on “Scandal.”
“Melania Trump is hardcore channeling Olivia Pope in that outfit. I wonder what she's trying to say with that white hat…” tweeted Suzie Storey.
Trump and Macron are scheduled to sit down for private talks covering several topics, including the future of the Iran nuclear deal.
The pageantry of Macron's official state visit, the first of the Trump presidency, culminates Tuesday night with a lavish state dinner at the White House.
About 150 guests are expected to dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart and enjoy an after-dinner performance by the Washington National Opera.
Monday night was more relaxed, featuring a helicopter tour of Washington landmarks and a trip to the Potomac River home of George Washington with their wives for dinner.
Trump said the “wonderful friendship” he has developed with Macron is a testament to two nations' enduring alliance. Trump also thanked Macron for his “steadfast partnership” in responding to the recent chemical attack in Syria.
_______
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2018 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Melania Trump's Massive White Hat Sparks Comments appeared first on SIGNAL.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Mails: No to Arteta, but what about Mancini for Arsenal? – Football365.com
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Victoria, a cheer mom, has some strong words for her fellow cheer parents…
Needless to say, the conversation got ugly quick when the parents started involving the children into the narrative.
Listen above to hear these parents bring it on!
Join the conversation! Share your opinion on this story with Karson & Kennedy on Facebook, Twitter & Instagram.
LEXINGTON, Ky. — PJ Washington will return to Kentucky after withdrawing from the NBA draft, while teammates Wenyen Gabriel and Jarred Vanderbilt have decided to turn pro.
Washington, who participated in the NBA combine, posted a video on his social media accounts Wednesday that ended with the words "I'M BACK." The 6-foot-7 Dallas native will be the Wildcats' top returning scorer and rebounder next season after averaging 10.8 points and 5.7 rebounds as a freshman.
Vanderbilt and Gabriel later announced they would stay in the draft after receiving positive feedback.
Injuries limited the 6-9 Vanderbilt to just 14 games, but he averaged a team-high 7.9 rebounds with 5.9 points per game as a freshman. He did not attend the combine but says in a release the input he received during the draft process confirmed "that my time is now."
Sunday is the game of all games.
This weekend will be one of the busiest for grocery stores as many of you gear up for parties. But with the flu making so many sick, are some changing their social plans? Doctors suggest because of the sickness some changes should be made.
There are chips and dip, soda, wings and more. Superbowl Sunday brings out the best food leaving stores like Walt Churchill's Market busy.
"We'll be busy tomorrow and Sunday until the end of the day,” said Rob Carpenter, the grocery manager at the Perrysburg Walt Churchill's Market. “We'll be pretty busy that's just how it is."
They're hosting a chili bowl this weekend in addition to serving unique options for you to score big at your party. While some were bringing home their items for parties, medical experts warn those who are sick to avoid parties. But customers say the flu won't change their plans.
"No, I'll just go,” said Terri Seibold, a Perrysburg resident. “If you get sick, you get sick."
"No, we're not going to change it,” said Kathy Beaverson, a Perrysburg resident. “We're just going to our friends house for the Superbowl, so yep that's the plan we're going to take some manicotti."
Others say they plan on staying in for Sunday's big game. They haven't been sick yet and want to keep it that way.
"Just trying to be healthy," said Katie Soldwish of Perrysburg.
"People ought to be careful and maybe get their flu vaccine and wipe things down," said Scott Kelly, a Perrysburg resident.
Those shopping weren't going to let the sickness slow them down, but the store also has medicine and more just in case you catch more than footballs this weekend
Doctors want to help you avoid being tackled by the flu and are providing tips so you can enjoy the big game.
Experts from Mercy Health and ProMedica suggest you do not go out if you are ill. If someone is ill, don't host a party. Before the party, medical officials suggest hosts should disinfect their homes common surface areas like doorknobs, light switches and more.
Parties should have hand sanitizer and tissues readily available for guests. Along with keeping food covered and having clean utensils to use. It's also a great idea to keep a drink label handy so no one drinks from someone else's cup
To be extra safe it's best to even keep face masks on hand, decorating them to your favorite team for those who may come that are sick.
After the party is over, health officials suggest you deep clean the party area and consider getting rid of any leftovers.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Fire crews from Lewes, Rehoboth and Indian River were called just after 2:30pm for a fire in the Lochwood development west of Lewes. Crews arriving at the scene found a fire limited to a porch and outside of the home and knocked the fire down quickly. The State Fire Marshal is investigating.
Click here for additional photos
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said the Trump administration's timetable for tax reform is set to falter following setbacks in negotiations with Congress over healthcare, the Financial Times reported on Monday.
Continue Reading Below
Mnuchin told the Financial Times in an interview that the target to get tax reforms through Congress and on President Donald Trump's desk before August was “highly aggressive to not realistic at this point”.
“It is fair to say it is probably delayed a bit because of the healthcare,” Mnuchin told the newspaper. (http://on.ft.com/2oPJlTX)
Mnuchin also told the Financial Times he agreed with Trump's view that the dollar's strength in the short term was hurting exports, but said he saw the currency's strength over the long term as a positive.
“As the world's currency, the primary reserve currency, I think that over long periods of time the strength of the dollar is a good thing,” the Financial Times quoted Mnuchin as saying.
Trump has signaled he wants to streamline the income tax system, cut federal regulations, reduce corporate income tax and add new taxes to prod companies to keep or move production to the United States.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Trump and Republicans in Congress are also trying to overhaul the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare.
But efforts to pass a bill in the U.S. House of Representatives to repeal and replace Obamacare failed last month, dealing a major setback to the administration.
(Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
TARTA leaders are working on making major improvements to the public transportation system and is looking to reach more neighbors in and around Toledo with the transportation.
Wednesday they met with Toledo city council to discuss a possible sales tax increase and the downtown transit hub.
Leaders spoke about a few major projects happening right now including the partnership with the University of Toledo, a new downtown transit hub moving into the old Goodwill building on Huron and Cherry Street and a strategic plan looking into making public transportation easier for riders were discussed.
TARTA plans on stopping the use of property tax to generate funds for these projects and instead get money from a half cent sales tax.
Last year they attempted a ballot issue, but it was not approved because Sylvania Township did not approve the resolution.
The general manager of TARTA, James Gee said he thinks with this new strategic plan he can get everyone on board for this. This includes looking into autonomous vehicles, and other cutting edge technology.
With the downtown transit hub, the downtown loop will be eliminated and the hub is expected to include a cafe and possibly a day care.
"I think this will help improve the perception of public transportation. We have 10 thousand passengers a day who rely on us and who are very satisfied with our service, but we could do more. So I think with new service options, new branding, and just a new image for TARTA we will be able to attract new customers,” said Gee.
The earliest the sales tax would be on the ballot is November.
The downtown transit hub is expected to open early next year, and the University of Toledo partnership begins for students late summer.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
More drugs and guns have been seized in the tri-region, after RCMP executed a search warrant on a storage locker in Stony Plain on May 17, marking the second such seizure in just one month.
Inside the storage locker, RCMP found two rifles, ammunition and a loaded high-capacity magazine. That seizure led to the arrest of Jeffrey Ryan, 31, of Parkland County, who was found to be in possession of 5.8 grams of Fentanyl, 16 counterfeit Oxycodone tablets — suspected to also be Fentanyl — Cocaine, Methamphetamine and drug trafficking paraphernalia.
Ryan was charged with a number of offences including using an imitation firearm in the commission of an offence, possession of property obtained by crime, and various drug and weapon offences. He is currently being held in custody with a court date set for May 30.
On May 7, RCMP executed a similar search warrant on a storage locker in Parkland County, resulting in the seizure of two AR-15 rifles, firearm suppressors, high-capacity magazines and hundreds of rounds of ammunition. RCMP also found large amounts of GHB (a liquid drug occasionally used as a date-rape drug), Methamphetamine and Cocaine.
RCMP did say that while they can't say that the cases aren't connected in someway, they stated that at the present time they don't have any evidence to suggest that the two offenders were working together or connected in any way.
ABU DHABI, United Arab Emirates — Jordanian-Palestinian writer Ibrahim Nasrallah has won the International Prize for Arabic Fiction with a novel about humanity's capacity for savagery.
“The Second War of the Dog” was named winner at a ceremony Tuesday in the Emirates capital, Abu Dhabi.
Set in a dystopian future society, the book centres on an opponent of the regime who descends into brutal nihilism. The author has called it “a warning of what we could become in the future.”
Ibrahim Al Saafin, who chaired the judging panel, said the book used “humour and insight” to expose society's tendency toward brutality.
Nasrallah's book was chosen from among 124 entries from 14 countries for the award, which is affiliated with Britain's prestigious Man Booker Prize.
He wins $50,000 and funding for an English translation of his novel.
WASHINGTON — A 66-year-old Illinois man has been identified as the suspect in the shooting of a congressional baseball practice Wednesday, injuring at least one member of the House of Representatives.
James T. Hodgkinson allegedly opened fire at a field in Alexandria, Virginia, several law enforcement sources told NBC News. More than a dozen GOP lawmakers were there with staff.
The shooter then got into a gunfight with police, and was shot, officials said. The attacker later died, President Donald Trump said. The president paid tribute to the Capitol Police officers who likely saved lives in the face of a "brutal assault."
U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) said in a statement he'd been told the shooter had "apparently volunteered" on his 2016 presidential campaign.
“I am sickened by this despicable act,” Sanders said. “Let me be as clear as I can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Suspected Alexandria Gunman Pronounced Dead 2:56 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The law enforcement officials said the shooter was heard asking, "Are these the Republicans or the Democrats?" That has raised questions about the gunman's political motivations. But officials at the scene said that piece of the investigation remains unclear.
Hodgkinson, a licensed home inspector who ran his business out of his Illinois home, has a history of arrests and was charged in 2006 with assaulting a woman, according to public records. At the time, police recovered a pocket knife, hair they say was pulled out of the woman's head, and a 12-gauge shotgun at the scene of the alleged attack. The charges, domestic battery, aggravated discharge of a firearm, and battery, were later dismissed, according to public records.
Related: Which Lawmakers Were Attending Baseball Practice Where Scalise Was Shot?
Police also responded to reports of gunshots at his Belleville home — about 20 miles southeast of St. Louis, Missouri — in late March, according to a police report. Callers to 911 reported hearing 50 shots. Police said they found Hodgkinson with a weapon in his possession and a valid Illinois firearms license. They told Hodgkinson not to fire his weapon in that area as there were homes nearby.
Hodgkinson, encountered on the property of his rural home with a high-powered rifle, told officers he was taking target practice. “He was very cordial, very nice, very understanding,” St. Clair County Sheriff Richard Watson said Wednesday after speaking to one of the responding officers. “He had no reason to think he was doing anything illegal, immoral or anything.”
Lyndon Evanko, who represented Hodgkinson in the 2006 case, described his former client as “an odd little guy” and “a bit of a misanthrope.”
Evanko went on: “He wasn't unpleasant. But he wasn't particularly somebody you would want to hang out with. I got the feeling that he butted heads with a lot of people."
At the same time, Evanko said, Hodgkinson “didn't seem the least bit political" or “somebody with a great deal of passion about anything."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Sanders 'Sickened' By Alexandria Gunman Who Was Campaign Volunteer 0:38 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Hodgkinson was a frequent writer to his local paper, the Belleville News-Democrat, where he railed against income inequality, linking it to the tax policies of the GOP, the newspaper reported.
“I have never said ‘life sucks,' only the policies of the Republicans,' he wrote in one letter.
In another, Hodgkinson said his favorite TV program was “The Rachel Maddow Show" on MSNBC.
Other law enforcement officials with knowledge of the investigation told NBC News that at this point there's no indication that the shooter had ties to international terrorism.
Witnesses said the gunman opened fire with a rifle from the third base side of the diamond.
One witness, David Thomas, said he had just left a YMCA gym when the shooting started. He said he saw the gunman pacing from one end of the third base dugout to the other, firing multiple rounds then stopping to shout things like “get out of here.”
He briefly took cover with Laura Russell, then ran home, where she saw pictures of the gunman and recognized him as someone she often saw in the early morning at the YMCA working on a laptop. Russell said she never saw him working out, which she found odd. But “he was friendly,” she said.
Two firearms, a rifle and a handgun, were recovered from the scene, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said.
Related: Congressman Steve Scalise, Three Others Shot at Alexandria, Virginia, Baseball Field
The shooting also wounded two members of a dignitary protection unit of the U.S. Capitol Police.
The two officers were injured and are in good condition, officials said. The other reported victims, Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, the House's majority whip, a congressional staffer and a lobbyist with Tyson Foods, were all expected to survive.
Pete Williams reported from Washington. Jon Schuppe, Tom Winter, Jonathan Dienst and Donna Mendell reported from New York. Chris Jansing reported from Alexandria.
CLARIFICATION (June 14, 1:50 p.m.):An earlier version of this article said that Hodgkinson was arrested in 2006 for assaulting his girlfriend. The nature of Hodgkinson's relationship with the victim is not clear.
Because everything associated with the Knicks is utter trash, Carmelo Anthony and his wife have reportedly split up. (TMZ says the fact that the Knicks are a monumental disaster played a part in the split.) This is important because La La's career was reportedly the reason why Melo would only accept a trade to a major media market. This isn't the first time the Anthonys have separated, either. In 2013 they broke up for a bit, leading to Kevin Garnett's infamous cereal-themed trash talk. That reminds me, it might be a good time to dig through all the trash talk in KG's old Twitter account.
Me, Melo and Whoever Jordan Crawford's boy is are all Eskimo Brothers. #Word — Kevin Garnett (@KevinGarnett5KG) May 3, 2013
Grizzlies head coach David Fizdale is going to get fined after this postgame rant about the officiating in Monday night's loss to the Spurs. It culminated in this instant classic line.
The PS4 is apparently a magnet for cockroaches.
I'll be honest, I picked Brhitney Decamps only because she spells her name a weird way. She's also apparently dating Jim Harbaugh's son. (Click here for the full-size gallery.)
All four NHL playoff games last night went to overtime. Here are all the game-winning goals:
• Kevin Fiala for Nashville
• Bobby Ryan for Ottawa
• Corey Perry for Anaheim
• Tyler Bozak for Toronto
The mood in Washington is… not great.
CAPITALS FANS ARE EXTREMELY CONCERNED pic.twitter.com/39aDWSEsoo — Dan Steinberg (@dcsportsbog) April 18, 2017
Is there a funnier moment in television history than this snapshot of Teen Jeopardy? pic.twitter.com/3Urr66fssX — Jeff May (@heytherejeffro) April 17, 2017
Staten Island has no time for your subtleties pic.twitter.com/IbSCaBXMld — Sam Biederman (@Biedersam) April 13, 2017
Big ups to the Boston Marathon spectators for coming up with these clever signs. … The connection between The Beach Boys and Charles Manson. … I really want to like Adam Jones (the football player, not the baseball player) but blowing up at a reporter like this is just not a good look. … Whoa, there's a Stranger Things episode on the new MST3K? … This save by Pekka Rinne is out of this world. … I can't stop watching this video of the whole damn ring collapsing last night on WWE Raw.
I was once late to work because the South American heritage parade down Fifth Avenue had a much less efficient procedure.
Until next time.
Email dan.gartland@simail.com with any feedback or ping me on Twitter. Click here for previous editions of Hot Clicks. Visit our Extra Mustard Page throughout each day for more offbeat sports stories. Also check out the SwimDaily Page for the latest updates and Instagram pictures of models who have appeared in our issues.
This article originally appeared on
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar is disavowing comments from one of his attorneys, who said "a huge part" of her does not believe everyone who testified against him was molested.
In an interview with a Detroit radio station that is sure to stir outrage, defense attorney Shannon Smith suggested that some of 150-plus girls and women who gave impact statements against Nassar actually received legitimate medical treatment.
"There is a huge part of me that does not believe that every one of those girls was victimized by him," Smith told WWJ950 radio.
"While there may be some that were victimized ... there are others that have come to believe they were victimized because of the way the case, in a way, spun out of control," she added.
Her comments are already drawing ire from some of Nassar's accusers and their attorney, John Manly, who told NBC News that Smith "is a vile human being for saying that."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Olympic Committee was told in 2015 of suspected abuse by Larry Nassar 2:09 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
And even Nassar himself distanced himself, saying he did not authorize them, stands by his guilty pleas and has been deeply affected by the victim statements.
"I have heard each and every impact statement made by the victims in my cases," he said in a statement released by another attorney. "Their words have been meaningful, they have pierced my soul and I will carry their words with me for the rest of my life. I am sorry about this distraction at a time when the attention should be on the statements of these victims."
After Nassar was first publicly accused of penetrating female patients with ungloved hands, his attorneys said it was part of a recognized medical technique used by osteopathic physicians. Many who knew him as a respected sports medicine specialist at Michigan State University and the team doctor for USA Gymnastics defended him.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Police set to apologize to woman who reported Larry Nassar in 2004 3:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Then the FBI found child pornography — tens of thousands of images — on computers Nassar tried to trash. He pleaded guilty to possession of them and then pleaded guilty in two Michigan counties to sexually abusing 10 girls, nine of them under the guise of medical treatment.
The procedure used on the victims in the cases where Nassar pleaded guilty has been described identically by the other accusers, who cases stretch back over two decades.
Where were the gloves? Where was the parental consent? Where was the extra colleague in the room? Where was the part where told me what treatment he was about to perform on my 12 year old body? Oh...absent. That's right...175 years https://t.co/zBuAYRQkLE — Lindsey Lemke (@lindseylemke) February 1, 2018
Over the course of the 16-month scandal, the number of accusers has swelled from two to 265, with some saying they were in denial that they had been molested until they heard other women describe what Nassar had done to them.
In the interview, Smith seized on that.
"There were girls who had perfectly normal lives that never questioned the medical treatment done by Larry Nassar — and there is a legitimate medical treatment that involves touching sensitive areas and even penetrations," she said.
"Some of those girls, to be quite frank, they didn't even know what to think because they never felt victimized. He was never inappropriate to them. And because of everything they've seen, they just feel like they must have been victimized. And I think that's really unfortunate."
Larry Nassar speaks to his attorney Shannon Smith during his sentencing hearing in Lansing, Michigan, on Jan. 18. Brendan McDermid / Reuters
"I have a very hard time believing that my client could have even possibly assaulted that many people day in and day out in front of their parents, and that every single one of those things was a crime, but he was such a manipulator he got away with it," she added. "I just can't imagine that's true."
Some of the girls' parents have said Nassar positioned himself in such a way that they could not see he was penetrating them. Other girls have said that Nassar repeatedly gave them his "treatment" without a parent or another medical professional in the room.
Manly, the victims' lawyer, said Smith's spin was a belated attempt to minimize the damage done by Nassar after the public statements by his former patients — including Olympic gymnasts — captured the nation's attention.
"When people like this speak, I'm always gratified because it shows how evil they truly are," Manly said. "The awful thing is it revictimizes these women and their families and I think that's what it was meant to do."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Simone Biles: Larry Nassar 'took a part of me that I can't get back' 8:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
He said that while Nassar was entitled to a robust defense, if Smith believes he isn't guilty she should have taken the case to trial.
As part of his plea agreements, Nassar agreed to let any accuser give a victim impact statement, though he then complained to one judge that it was too difficult for him.
And before his statement reacting to Smith's comments, he had written in a letter to the judge that his contact with the accusers was medical and not sexual and that the pornography could have been downloaded by someone else.
He was sentenced last week in Ingham County to 40 to 175 years and faces a similar sentence when victims are done giving statements in Eaton County.
Smith said she has received death threats for defending Nassar but has no regrets.
"I have no problem representing someone like Larry Nassar," she said.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. — Snow angels and snowball fights.
Buffalo Bills receiver Deonte Thompson suddenly has a tale to tell his grandkids about the day he played in near white-out conditions.
“I'm from Belle Glade, Florida, and we don't see this kind of snow,” Thompson said following the Bills' 13-7 overtime win against the Indianapolis Colts on Sunday.
“But it was actually fun. I'm not going to lie,” he added. “This is a game you dreamed about playing as a kid, playing in snowy games. It definitely was a fun day.”
Thompson wasn't affected by the conditions. He made a 35-yard catch up the right sideline on the Bills final drive that ended with LeSean McCoy finding a hole up the middle before cutting to his left to score on a 21-yard run with 1:33 left in overtime.
The Bills' bench erupted in celebration.
Several players ran on the field and made snow angels. Others playfully engaged in snowball fights. And the fans who braved the arctic elements threw up handfuls of snow as if it was confetti.
“Unbelievable,” safety Jordan Poyer said of the fans. “Our fans are unbelievable to come out here in 20 degrees or minus-20 degrees or whatever it was. But them being out here and supporting us, it's huge.”
Poyer and Thompson were among the 30 Bills newcomers to the roster to get a first taste of how much snow a lake-effect storm can dump on New Era Field. The flakes started falling 90 minutes before kickoff. And an hour later, the snow was so thick it was near impossible to see from one side of the field to the other.
The field was snow-covered for the entire game, with a regular parade of work crews taking the field with snow blowers on their backs to clear the yard lines.
McCoy finished with 156 yards rushing, and Buffalo (7-6) won for just the second time in six games to stay in the AFC playoff picture.
The Colts (3-10) have lost seven of eight and squandered two chances to win the game in the final two minutes.
Trailing 7-0, Colts quarterback Jacoby Brissett hit Jack Doyle for a 3-yard touchdown with 1:16 left. Doyle then caught a pass on a 2-point conversion attempt only to have it negated by an offensive pass interference penalty against receiver Kamar Aiken.
Kicker Adam Vinatieri also missed a 43-yard field-goal attempt wide left with 1 second left.
“I drove it. I thought it had a chance,” said Vinatieri, who did hit a 43-yard point-after attempt to tie the game. “That's probably the worst conditions I've played in maybe ever.”
QUARTERBACK CONCERNS: The Bills face more questions at quarterback after rookie Nathan Peterman sustained a possible concussion late in the third quarter.
Peterman was hurt while diving head first and being tackled on a 2-yard run. Peterman was starting in place of Tyrod Taylor, who was inactive a week after bruising his left knee in a 23-3 loss to the New England Patriots.
Third-stringer Joe Webb finished the game and went 2 of 6 for 35 yards passing and an interception, and had five carries for 27 yards.
ON THE RUN: Colts running back Frank Gore had 130 yards on a career-best 36 carries. Gore topped 100 yards for the first time in 15 games going back to last season. It was also the 42nd 100-yard rushing game of his career to move him into a tie with O.J. Simpson for 16th on the NFL list.
COPING WITH WEATHER: The dome-field Colts were forced to adapt to the outdoors by sticking with the ground game. Brissett finished 11 of 22 for 69 yards passing.
The Colts ran the ball on their first 17 plays of the game before Brissett attempted his first pass by hitting running back Marlon Mack on an 11-yard play with 6:13 left in the second quarter. The previous time the Colts failed to attempt a pass in one quarter was in a 27-13 win against Tennessee on Dec. 18, 2011.
WORKING OVERTIME: The Bills had lost four straight home games decided in overtime since a 22-16 win against Cincinnati on Oct. 5, 2003. Buffalo improved its OT record to 21-15.
The Colts are 1-2 in overtime games this season after a 16-13 loss to Arizona on Sept. 17 and a 26-23 win over San Francisco on Oct. 8. They're 15-16-1 including 1-4 in the playoffs.
SEVEN WINS: Buffalo has won seven of its first 13 games for just the fifth time during its 17-season playoff drought — the longest active streak in North America's four major professional sports. The Bills have also won at least seven in four straight seasons for the first time since a 10-year run from 1987-96.
——
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–NFL
NASHVILLE — All-Pro safety Kevin Byard believes it doesn't get much better for he and his Titans teammates: First learning from defensive co-ordinator Dick LeBeau and now Dean Pees.
“Just having two legends as coaches on the defence, man, I was blessed,” Byard said.
Now, what the Titans' defence with look like under Pees, that remains somewhat a mystery. Neither Pees nor the Titans are sharing many, if any, details right now. Oh, there's been talk of showing different looks on the defensive line and being consistent in coverages.
But that's about as much as Pees is willing to share.
“I'd like to be more little more precise, but I really don't want to talk about scheme particularly and what we're doing,” Pees said Wednesday when asked about coverage consistency.
The Titans made a change from Mike Mularkey to first-timer Mike Vrabel as head coach in January mostly to get more production from an offence led by young quarterback Marcus Mariota. Even though the Titans were the AFC's best against the run and allowed a league-fewest five touchdowns rushing and tied for fifth in sacks, they still have plenty of room for improvement on defence.
Maybe because the Titans were so good against the run, they faced more passes than any other defence in the NFL. They also gave up the most first downs through the air last season. The Titans ranked 25th defending the pass, giving up 239.3 yards per game, and 17th in points allowed. Despite Byard intercepting eight passes, Tennessee finished with 12 interceptions overall — tied for 18th in the league.
With Pees last season, Baltimore ranked 12th in yards allowed per game. The Ravens led the NFL with 22 interceptions and also tied for 10th against the pass giving up 213.8 yards per game.
Pees, 68, has spent the last 14 of his 45 years as a coach in the NFL. But he hasn't talked with LeBeau, someone he's always admired and wanted to have a relationship with as a coach. The new Titans co-ordinator has been busy learning his new players and installing his defensive schemes with a little more than third installed as of Wednesday.
Outside linebacker Derrick Morgan, now on his fifth head-coach with this franchise, said the defence remains primarily a 3-4 base. Each coach uses different language to describe plays, and Morgan said learning that is the biggest challenge.
“Once we get across that barrier and kind of on the same communication lines, I think we'll be fine,” Morgan said. “It's a different scheme from what LeBeau ran here, but you know it's football at the end of the day. So you've just got to get the concepts, get the philosophy and understand what we're trying to accomplish on the field.”
Byard echoed Morgan's comments.
“We're not creating a new Cover 2 or Cover 3 or anything like that,” Byard said. “It's just we're trying to execute at a high level man. DP just brought a great defence, and I think we're trying to execute it at a high level.”
Titans drafted linebackers Rashaan Evans and Harold Landry , additions linebacker Brian Orakpo welcomes. Pee has a reputation for being creative in trying to free up pass rushers to get to the quarterback, and the four-time Pro Bowl linebacker said they've already seen some of that.
“Guys getting freed up, guys getting one-on-ones,” Orakpo said. “You see me and Morgan flip-flopping that you're normally not used to seeing. Just trying to get advantages across the board. We're just going to keep taking it day by day and see what happens.”
After all, the Titans' season doesn't start until Sept. 9 in Miami.
Notes: Vrabel said he told the Titans on Wednesday morning that the team and controlling owner Amy Adams Strunk will support players on making a decision on the national anthem when the time comes. Pro Bowl tight end Delanie Walker said that's not a decision that has to be made until September.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL.
——
Follow Teresa M. Walker at http://www.twitter.com/teresamwalker
LAS VEGAS — Alex Ovechkin, Braden Holtby and the Washington Capitals stayed cool in the 100-degree Las Vegas heat and evened the Stanley Cup finals.
Holtby made 37 saves, Ovechkin scored a power-play goal and Lars Eller added a goal and two assists in the Capitals' 3-2 victory over the Vegas Golden Knights in Game 2 on Wednesday night.
The Caps hung on through a scoreless third period for their first victory in the Stanley Cup finals in franchise history largely because of a bounce-back performance by Holtby, who was battered in Vegas' 6-4 series-opening win.
Holtby capped his energetic performance with a jaw-dropping stick save with 1 minute 59 seconds to play, stretching back to rob Alex Tuch of a possible tying goal.
Canada's three major political parties all dealt with internal discipline issues in their own unique style recently. In this video, National Post columnist John Ivison explains what it means for next year's election.
Listen in on the politics chat going on in dark corners of Ottawa bars with the National Post's Speakeasy series. Each week we'll bring you all the chatter on the Hill and analysis of the news-making issues.
The European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) has unanimously re-elected Patrick Ky as executive director for a second term of five years.
“The full support of all the Member States and the Commission indicates in Patrick's re-election that EASA's heading is the right one,” EASA board chairman Pekka Henttu said.
Ky took the helm in 2013 and is only the second executive director of the Cologne, Germany-based agency.
“Later this year, a new scope of activities for the agency will be adopted by the EU [European Union],” he said.
EASA has long been pushing for an expansion of its remit and expects its regulation on unmanned air vehicles will be adopted this year. In 2016, the regulator was still targeting 2017 for new powers in areas like production oversight, cybersecurity and data-based accident prevention.
Thierry Dubois, thierry.dubois@aviationweek.com
LAS VEGAS (KLAS) — One way people are honoring the lives lost in the shooting at the Route 91 music festival is by opening up their wallets.
MGM Resorts already donated a whopping $3 million to the victims and their families and Sheldon Adelson and the Las Vegas Sands Corporation donated $4 million.
Zappo's, the UFC, and Station Casinos have all pledged $1 million each.
Many individuals are also donating what they can, including more than $9 million raised in a GoFundMe campaign started by Clark County Commissioner Steve Sisolak and Sheriff Joe Lombardo. But exactly how will the money be put into the hands of those who need it?
The LasVegasNow.com I-Team tried to find out.
The outpouring of generosity has been inspirational and astounding. The GoFundMe effort is perhaps the best example of that.
As of Thursday evening, that fund stood at $9.5 million raised in just a few days from 77,000 donations. So how will the money be spent, and who will administer the funds?
“We set up a GoFundMe account because the sheriff and I thought that we could maybe help some of these victims with funeral expenses, with travel expenses,” Sisolak said.
READ MORE: Stories about the Las Vegas victims
Commissioner Sisolak's idea to team up with Sheriff Joe Lombardo in starting a fund to help to shoot victims quickly exceeded expectations.
It is not clear how the millions of dollars in the fund will be dispersed. At Wednesday's county commission meeting, the discussion focused on whether a third party such as the National Center for Victims of Crime could be brought in to handle the administrative duties. Those duties include getting the money into the hands of those who need it most by paying for ongoing medical treatments, travel expenses for the wounded and funeral expenses for those who died.
On Thursday, the I-Team learned another potential partner surfaced. Discussions were held behind the scenes between Commissioner Sisolak's staff and individuals with experience in administering funds raised in the wake of a tragedy. In particular, the Boston Marathon bombings of 2013. Three people were killed and hundreds were injured. Donations exceeded $60 million.
Boston's experience could serve as a model, however, no agreement has been reached.
“We are in the process now of deciding strategy and structure, how to give out the money. We had people today who flew in to meet with county staff to try and coordinate this. The sheriff and I are not involved with this. We started it, but that's the extent of what we plan to do,” Sisolak said.
It is not known how and to whom the Las Vegas money would be distributed, but a large chunk of the donated money will stay with GoFundMe, the company which hosts the fundraising webpage.
GoFundMe charges a standard 7.9 percent of all the money raised plus a fee of 30 cents per donation. As of thursday evening, 77,000 individual donations have been made from 75 countries around the world.
That means the total fee charged by GoFundMe for hosting the Las Vegas page could exceed $776,000.
Whether GoFundMe can be talked into cutting some slack on its fees is unknown.
Commissioner Sisolak said, that in addition to a group from Boston, county staff also met with groups who managed similar funds following tragedies in New York and Orlando. Whoever administers the Las Vegas fund must agree to allow for local control in vetting which people qualify to receive some of the money.
LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING COVERAGE:
A man was killed in a two-vehicle accident Monday morning in Randolph County, police said.
The collision occurred at approximately 9 a.m. at the intersection of U.S. Route 33 and West Virginia Route 92, according to West Virginia State Police.
A passenger van collided with a utility flatbed truck, police said. The utility flatbed truck was stopped at a red light while heading east on Route 33, and the van rear-ended the truck, according to police.
One man died in the accident, but no one else was injured, police said.
Fire departments from Coalton, Junior, and Elkins responded to the scene, along with Randolph County EMS. HAZMAT, the Public Safety Commission, and the West Virginia DOH also responded.
Photo
Luis Lora, 49, is a master tissue technician at MTF Biologics in Edison, N.J., where he processes human tissue that can be used to treat sick or injured patients.
What does it mean to work with tissue?
Tissue includes cartilage, bone, ligaments and skin, and is used in reconstructive surgery and wound healing, as examples. I work for the nonprofit tissue bank formerly known as the Musculoskeletal Transplant Foundation. We're a consortium whose members are organ procurement and tissue recovery organizations and academic medical institutions such as Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. I process the tissue, preparing it for use by medical professionals.
Where do you get the tissue?
As with organ donation, a person may register to be a tissue donor such as when they get or renew their driver's license. Or, the person's family can choose to donate their tissue when they pass away. With a deceased organ donor, a number of people can receive organs, including the heart, lungs and liver. With deceased tissue donors, as many as 75 to 100 people can benefit from one donor's gift.
What's involved in the preparation?
It depends on what it's being used for. We might hear from a doctor helping a person who has been in a car accident and has a spine injury. The doctor may send images of the patient's spine and ideas of what might be done to help. In a case like that, we can shape donated bone or combine several pieces of bone to create a bone graft that will fit that particular patient. As another example, we shape skin grafts to fit a breast implant for a woman having breast reconstruction after a mastectomy. We clean the tissue and sometimes treat it with chemicals that remove the cells — a process called decellularization. We also have it tested to make sure it can't transmit any infection to the person who receives it.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
What is your background?
I was studying to be an architect in Colombia, where I grew up. When my family emigrated to the United States I continued my studies, but I had responsibilities that made it too difficult to finish, so I became a technician at an auto dealer. I thought I needed medical experience for this job, but I didn't. I received intensive training and had to learn about anatomy.
How did you get this job?
In 2002 I told a friend who worked here that I couldn't grow any more at my job, and he said there were openings at his company. I was reluctant about applying because I thought I'd be squeamish doing this type of work, and my family was against it. My mother and grandmother are very religious and thought the soul and body should stay together after death. After I saw how this work helps the living, I had a different view of life and death. I told them God doesn't need our body, God needs our soul.
By JONATHAN J. COOPERAssociated Press
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) - California would set standards for organic marijuana, allow pot samples at county fairs and permit home deliveries under legislation set to be considered by lawmakers Thursday as the state prepares for next year's start of legal marijuana sales.
Lawmakers and Gov. Jerry Brown's administration are working to merge California's new voter-approved recreational pot law with the state's longstanding medical marijuana program. They have settled on an array of regulations to protect consumers and public safety while ensuring taxes are collected.
The provisions were tucked into the state budget agreement between Brown and top legislative Democrats announced this week following months of negotiations with businesses operating illegally or in the legal medical marijuana field and investors who want to enter the nation's largest legal marijuana market.
"One of the biggest challenges we have is taking a multi-billion-dollar industry out of the dark and now into the light," said Sen. Mike McGuire, a Democrat whose district includes much of Northern California's prime marijuana growing region.
By 2018, state officials must have crafted regulations and rules governing the emerging legal marijuana market with an estimated annual sales value of $7 billion - ranging from where and how plants can be grown to setting guidelines to track the buds from fields to stores. Full legal sales are expected to roll out later in the year.
In general, the state will treat cannabis like alcohol, allowing people 21 and older to legally possess up to an ounce of marijuana and grow six marijuana plants at home.
The budget agreement includes $118 million to pay for startup costs for the newly regulated industry, including technology and staff to work on regulations and issue licenses. The state will open a tax office in the remote region north of San Francisco so marijuana businesses can pay their taxes in cash without having to drive long distances with thousands of dollars.
Because marijuana remains illegal under federal law, pot businesses generally cannot open bank accounts, conduct credit card transactions or otherwise use the federally regulated banking system.
The legislation outlines baseline rules for marijuana businesses and was crafted to promote a new artisanal industry in a state that has embraced craft beer and small wineries.
It would require state regulators to come up with rules for marijuana producers to call their goods organic - an important designation for California consumers that cannot be used on pot under federal rules. The state would also create standards for official marijuana varietals and growing regions, known as appellations, so craft producers can distinguish their products based on the unique strain and growing conditions like winemakers do.
With temporary licenses from the state, businesses would be allowed to sell pot and provide samples at county fairs, regional agricultural associations and cannabis festivals.
Growers would be allowed to form agricultural cooperatives without running afoul of antitrust laws. Businesses would be able to legally grow, distribute and sell their own product, though firms performing safety tests will have to be independent, with no financial ties to growers or retailers.
Keeping an open container of marijuana in a vehicle would be illegal like it is for alcohol in California, except for people with a medical card or doctor's note.
Brown and lawmakers agreed to allow sellers with no public storefronts to deliver marijuana directly to customers.
"There are thousands of businesses currently engaged in this type of commerce," Hezekiah Allen, executive director of the California Growers Association. "The more of them that can get licensed, the better off the state is going to be, the faster we'll be able to get rid of the criminal element and the faster we'll be able to make sure the product is safe and tested."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
With Infinity War set to make some seismic changes, what will happen in the Marvel Cinematic Universe after the movie?
Believe it or not, it's been 10 years since Iron Man first introduced the idea of the Marvel Cinematic Universe to the world. What's followed in the subsequent decade has been an ambitious, interconnected franchise of films on an unprecedented scale.
Advertisement
The MCU has less in common with huge movie franchises like Star Trek or Harry Potter and more in common with serialised TV like Game of Thrones and Breaking Bad, using the budget and the spectacle of film to create a narrative one movie or episode at a time. By that logic, new sequel Avengers: Infinity War is like the season finale to these first phases of the MCU, and will spark a seismic shift in the superhero film series that will continue beyond 2019's mysteriously untitled Avengers 4.
With that in mind, we thought we'd speculate on the state of the world post-Infinity War, taking a look at the characters, movies and storylines Marvel will likely look to in order to build phase 4 of their cinematic universe.
Kevin Feige told Vanity Fair in November 2017 that “we've got another 20 movies on the docket that are completely different from anything that's come before — intentionally.”
So what are these 20 movies? Which ones have already been announced and which ones haven't?
For now, let's start with what we know.
What films are coming after Infinity War?
We know that the most immediate film set for release after Infinity War is Ant-Man and the Wasp, with the follow-up to the Paul Rudd-starring Ant-Man seeing Evangeline Lilly's Hope Van Dyne promoted to title character.
Up to this point Rudd's Ant-Man has been conspicuously absent from the Infinity War marketing and has gone unmentioned by the directors. While it is possible that he is in fact in both the posters and the trailers in his shrunken form, it's more likely that Ant-Man's absence is due to his story in his own solo feature. Ant-Man was last seen on team Cap at the end of Civil War and was a fugitive from the law.
In the recently-released trailer for Ant-Man and the Wasp we can see Scott Lang wearing an ankle tag, suggesting he has decided not to live as a fugitive. How will Ant-Man's attempt to return to his life factor into his future within the MCU? We'll have to wait to find out when his second solo feature is released later this year.
Following the Ant-Man sequel we know to expect Captain Marvel. After the success of last year's Wonder Woman and this year's Black Panther it seems studios are finally aware that diversity can lead to box office success.
Casting Oscar-winner Brie Larson as Carol Danvers, Marvel has slated its first female-fronted superhero film for March 8th 2019. The film will likely see fighter pilot Danvers enters the cosmic realm as she's caught in a conflict between warring worlds, and will also star younger versions of Samuel L. Jackson and Clark Gregg's Avengers characters Nick Fury and Agent Coulson.
More generally, Feige's promise that the post-Infinity War films will be radically different seems to suggest that a new brass will be leading the Avengers. So could this fresh leadership include Captain Marvel? After her first 90s-set adventure is over we could imagine Danvers leading a new wave of Avengers films in the present day, possibly picking up the mantle of leader from Captain America as Chris Evans has confirmed he will likely retire from the MCU after Avengers 4.
Speaking of Avengers 4, after Captain Marvel's release the next MCU film is the fourth Avengers outing, which is as of yet unnamed. Infinity War directors Joe and Anthony Russo have said that the reveal of the film's title would ultimately spoil the events of Infinity War which has, of course, led to rampant fan speculation.
Could this film's mystery title hint at the rule of Thanos? Potentially the fourth film could see a new team of Avengers, possibly including Danvers, attempting to save the world from Thanos' latest schemes. Could this be the radical new direction Feige has hinted at in the past? Or could this hint at the inclusion of another comic book storyline entirely? At the moment, it's hard to say.
After Avengers 4 we're getting a currently-untitled follow-up to Spider-Man: Homecoming, with a return for Tom Holland's Peter Parker – unless of course the Spider-Man sequel includes a different version of the wallcrawler. After all, for years fans have been keen to see the big-screen debut of Miles Morales, a younger Spider-Man from the comics. We know Morales exists in the MCU after a throwaway line uttered by Donald Glover's character in Homecoming, and it would certainly be an unexpected and bold new direction for the franchise.
After the runaway success of his first solo outing, Black Panther also seems set to move on past the events of Infinity War in his own recently-announced sequel. Much like Captain Marvel, T'Challa seems like a prime candidate to take over as the leader of the Avengers after the Thanos storyline wraps up, and could be an important member of the team going forward into phase 4.
The last of the confirmed sequels coming out in phase 4 is James Gunn's Guardians of the Galaxy vol. 3, which seems likely to hold on to its current team line-up – unless Karen Gillan's Nebula has a major part to play in the Avengers 4 storyline. Apart from that, we don't know too much about it – though we'd be surprised if Groot doesn't have another growth spurt.
While these movies have been confirmed for the next few years, Marvel has also slated nine untitled movies for various dates between 2020 and 2022. Of these untitled sequels, we expect one to be Black Panther 2 and the other to be Guardians 3 (which has yet to land an official release date), but the other seven are open to speculation.
So, what will these untitled Marvel movies be?
Doctor Strange 2
One possible sequel not yet announced for phase 4 is Doctor Strange 2. While Benedict Cumberbatch has recently tried to downplay the idea of a sequel to the 2016 film, it seems likely that the sorcerer supreme will return. With the scope of the character's universe and the colourful array of villains in his comic-book back catalogue, Doctor Strange 2 could certainly take the MCU in a new and interesting direction.
Fantastic 4
Under movie studio 20th Century Fox's control there have been three attempts at making Fantastic 4 films, but the most recent of these attempts (a reboot directed by Josh Trank) was critically derided and bombed at the box office, leaving the future of Marvel's first family up in the air. Still, with the anticipated Fox/Disney merger expected to be confirmed later this year, it would place the Fantastic 4 in prime position for a MCU reboot.
This is further supported by the recent announcement that the quartet will be returning to comics after a three-year absence. So if they are back, could Doctor Doom be the next big MCU villain?
Avengers vs. X-Men
This is another film that hinges on the expected Fox/Disney deal as it would require the rights to the X-Men characters. If the deal goes through as planned, an adaptation of this recent comic-book storyline would seem like a logical way to introduce the mutant world to the MCU by pitting them against the latest incarnation of the Avengers. As Hugh Jackman hangs up his claws for good, Wolverine is ripe for a recast and could be a perfect entry point for an X-Men reboot.
World War Hulk
Since the underwhelming Incredible Hulk movie in 2008 and the introduction of Mark Ruffalo as the character in 2012's Avengers, audiences have been asking for another solo film from the big green brute.
If such a film was greenlit, fans would definitely hope to see the dramatisation of the popular World War Hulk storyline, which saw the jade giant invade Earth after being betrayed by the Avengers and trapped on a hostile world (elements of that backstory ended up being used in 2017's Thor: Ragnarok).
And who knows? If Marvel does land the X-Men rights, perhaps we could expect to see Wolverine facing off in a grudge match against the Hulk to save the world. Now that's entertainment.
The Eternals
One of the latest adaptation rumours swirling around the internet (originating on Bleeding Cool) for the post-Infinity War world is a movie based on the Eternals, a group of people with godlike abilities given to them by powerful beings called The Celestials who first appeared in comics written and illustrated by Marvel legend Jack Kirby.
MCU fans will be familiar with Celestials as the characters have popped up in the Guardians of the Galaxy series, while Thanos himself is actually an Eternal – but are they really going to be a huge part of phase 4? Well, you never know.
Secret Wars
Secret Wars, or more specifically the 2015 sequel to the original 1984-85 comic, centres around the various Marvel universes colliding together into one huge all-out war. The crazy scope of this multiverse-hopping storyline seems perfect for the big screen, and could even be the new direction that Feige was hinting at. After all, the multiverse involved in the Secret Wars storyline has already been hinted at in Doctor Strange, so it wouldn't be a huge leap from the stories that Marvel have told so far.
The storyline would also lend itself nicely to introducing the X-Men and Fantastic 4, explaining the absence from the MCU so far (they were in parallel universes!) before uniting them all for future films.
Overall, with seven untitled movies and almost 80 years of comic book history to chose from, it seems more likely that in the future Marvel will follow the method they created for phases one to three, avoiding direct comic-book adaptations as they exist on the page in favour of cherry-picking ideas and characters in order to build their own unique stories.
So with that in mind, it could be that we see a mixture of all of the above stories going forward within the MCU, or perhaps some new mixture involving characters and storylines we never could have guessed at. Still, at the moment one thing IS certain to anyone wondering at Marvel's future plans.
The end of phase three will change Marvel movies forever.
Advertisement
This article was originally published on 20th April
Avengers: Infinity War is released in UK cinemas now
FREDERICTON — A new report says if Atlantic Canada wants to solve its economic and demographic problems, it must become more than a stopover for immigrants.
The report entitled “The People Imperative” will be released Wednesday at a one-day summit on immigration and revitalization, being held in Fredericton.
Nova Scotia has a five-year immigrant retention rate of 72 per cent, while Newfoundland and Labrador is at 56 per cent, New Brunswick is at 52 per cent, and P.E.I. is at just 18 per cent.
No province outside Atlantic Canada has a retention rate below 80 per cent for the 2011 to 2015 time period.
Frank McKenna, former premier and Canadian ambassador to the United States, says a time bomb is going off in that Atlantic Canada's population is not just declining, but it's aging as well.
He says more must be done to attract and retain immigrants, and that includes providing more services such as language training, and getting more employers involved.
The summit kicks off a three-year research project on Atlantic revitalization.
CLEVELAND — As far as Cleveland fans are concerned, only one quarterback fits all the essential criteria for the Browns to draft him with the No. 1 overall pick.
His last name? Darnoldallenrosenmayfield.
With the NFL draft quickly approaching, the team's die-hard supporters, and there have been few groups in NFL history to suffer like this one has the past two seasons, are divided over which of the top four college QBs the team should select.
There's the Sam Darnold contingent, which sees the two-year Southern Cal starter as the safest choice, the one who checks all the positive boxes. Josh Allen's supporters point to the big Wyoming QB's high-velocity arm, which could help him knife passes through those tricky home winds off Lake Erie.
Josh Rosen's backers love the UCLA star's accuracy and his cerebral game. And of course there's the Baker Mayfield army, which dismiss his 6-foot frame and believe Oklahoma's swaggering Heisman Trophy winner is the next Brett Favre.
Oh, and let's not forget the fans who feel Penn State running back Saquon Barkley is worthy of going first and that the Browns can wait until No. 4 to get their quarterback.
But while there's no clear consensus between fans as the Browns prepare for a franchise-changing draft, general manager John Dorsey and his staff will have presumably reached an accord by the time Commissioner Roger Goodell is handed their card on the stage at AT&T Stadium.
If not, well, these are the bumbling Browns.
Cleveland's inability to find a franchise quarterback — they've had 28 starters since 1999 — is the biggest reason for the team's sustained misery. And once again they have the chance to correct the problem after passing on Carson Wentz and Deshaun Watson in the past two drafts.
Dorsey, who as Kanas City's GM got the Chiefs turned around with some solid drafts, has been aggressive in fixing mistakes by previous Cleveland regimes. Since December, he's traded for QB Tyrod Taylor and Pro Bowl receiver Jarvis Landry, revamped the secondary and spent months scouting the top quarterbacks.
He knows what he's looking for.
“The only thing I really care about is do the guys win?” he said “Does he have accuracy? Does he have a strong arm? Can he throw the ball in the red zone and in tight windows? Can he drive the ball? At the end of the game, does he win? That is kind of what I look for.”
TRADE WINDS
Dorsey insists he's keeping his options open, and that he'd trade the top pick for the right package. “My phone always rings,” he said. And with several teams in the market for a quarterback, it's likely the Browns will entertain offers. However, that doesn't mean Dorsey will make a deal.
The Browns remain haunted by their decision to trade first-round picks with Philadelphia and Houston the past two years, swaps that cost them Wentz and Watson.
HANDY MAN
Dorsey raised some eyebrows last week when he cited the importance of hand size as one of his top criteria in selecting a quarterback. Cleveland's inclement weather can make gripping the ball a challenge, and therefore the bigger the hand, the better.
Using hands as an exclusive measuring stick, Allen (10 1/8 inches) would be Dorsey's favourite over Rosen (9 7/8), Darnold (9 3/8) and Mayfield (9 1/4).
DYNAMIC DUO
The top pick isn't the only tough choice for the Browns, who may be torn at No. 4 between taking Barkley (if he's still available) or North Carolina State defensive end Bradley Chubb.
The 6-foot-4, 270 pound Chubb would be a perfect complement to Myles Garrett, last year's top overall pick who had a solid rookie season despite being slowed by an ankle injury. Chubb led the ACC with 10 sacks last season, and the thought of having to block him and Garrett would give an NFL offensive co-ordinator nightmares.
“I would be thrilled to have a guy like that because he fits all of the models we talk about,” Dorsey said. “He is a good football player. He is a man of character. He would be great in the locker room. Really, he is a super kid.”
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
Garrett was a smart pick, but the Browns haven't been so savvy in recent years. Of the team's 11 first-round selections since 2012, only four are still with the team — and three were selected last year.
Wide receiver Corey Coleman (No. 15 in 2016) has struggled with injuries and inconsistency. The Browns did find a late-round gem that year in linebacker Joe Schobert (No. 99 overall), who made the Pro Bowl in his second season.
——
For more NFL coverage: https://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–NFL
