KOB received information that Van Holtz may have been working with NMDOT. When we asked state officials, they didn't deny it, but also said in a statement she is no longer employed there.
"The department operates under legal requirements (Criminal Offender Employment Act) to not discriminate against convicted criminals when hiring," the statement reads. "She does not meet the standard for a DOT employee and should have never been hired.?"
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
The National Electoral Commission Sierra Leone is denying the news that theirs was one of the first elections recorded to the blockchain . "While the blockchain voting company Agora claimed to have run the first blockchain-based election , it appears that the company did little more than observe the voting and store some of the results," reports TechCrunch. From the report:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cartoon characters should be banned from promoting junk food to improve childhood obesity rates, a leading group of MPs has suggested.
The Health and Social Care Select Committee has called for a ban on “brand-generated characters or licensed TV and film characters” which are used to promote foods high in fat, sugar or salt on broadcast and non-broadcast media.
Such a ban would mean that characters such as Tony the Tiger and the Milky Bar Kid would have to be dropped or used to promote healthier products. And cartoon characters from the latest summer blockbuster would no longer appear on the packaging or adverts for fast food.
But characters such as the Jolly Green Giant could continue to be used to promote vegetables.
When TV chef and campaigner, Jamie Oliver gave evidence to the committee he said that cartoons and superheroes should not be used to “peddle rubbish”.
Instead they should be used to promote healthy foods, he added.
Meanwhile, the MPs have urged the Government to take action on advertisements when it produces its next chapter of its childhood obesity plan.
Ministers should ban junk food adds before the 9pm TV watershed, the committee said.
Health campaigners have long been calling for a 9pm watershed on junk food adverts – saying that the current restrictions do not apply to “family viewing time”.
Meanwhile, supermarkets should also be forced to remove confectionery and other unhealthy snacks from the ends of aisles and checkouts. And junk food price promotions, such as multi-buy discounts and “extra free” promotions, should be restricted, the MPs added.
The Government should also give local authorities more powers to “limit the proliferation of unhealthy food outlets in their areas”.
Councils should also be able to limit junk food and drink billboard advertising near schools.
The raft of recommendations comes in the committee's latest report into childhood obesity.
A third of children are overweight or obese by the time they leave primary school, according to official figures.
The group of MPs calls for a “whole system approach” to tackle the issue.
This includes a call for the Government to end sponsorship deals by brands overwhelmingly associated with high fat, sugar and salt products of sports clubs, venues, youth leagues and tournaments.
Meanwhile, social media sites such as Facebook and YouTube should reduce children's exposure to inappropriate advertising and marketing, including advergames.
A recent report from Public Health England showed that the food industry has failed to meet a sugar reduction target set by the Government.
Retailers, manufacturers, restaurants, cafes and pub chains were told to cut 5% of sugar by August 2017. But the report showed that food manufacturers and supermarkets only cut out 2% over the first 12 months of the sugar reduction programme.
Puddings had actually increased the amount of sugar and chocolate bars had made no change whatsoever.
MPs called for the Government's next childhood obesity plan to set out further “fiscal measures” under consideration following the sugar tax on soft drinks.
They also called for the tax to be extended to milk-based drinks such as milkshakes.
“Children are becoming obese at an earlier age and staying obese for longer,” said Dr Sarah Wollaston, Conservative MP and chairwoman of the committee.
“Obesity rates are highest for children from the most disadvantaged communities and this unacceptable health inequality has widened every year since records began.
“The consequences for these children are appalling and this can no longer be ignored.”
Commenting on the report, Dr Max Davie, officer for health promotion for the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health, said: “Just this week, the scale of the country's obesity problem was propelled back into the spotlight as over 22,500 10 and 11-year-olds are classed as being severely obese, so this report is extremely timely.
“The committee is right, the key to a reduction of obesity is prevention and we must not hang around, action must be taken now.”
Dr Modi Mwatsama of the Obesity Health Alliance, said: “This is a superb report that reflects what obesity campaigners have long been saying; the UK is in the midst of an obesity epidemic and government must take strong measures to tackle childhood obesity if we're to prevent this spiralling beyond control.
“The ban on junk food advertising prior to the 9pm watershed is a much-needed measure, as is toughening up on promotions and the marketing of unhealthy food at children.
“We hope government takes note and that these recommendations are reflected in the impending chapter two of their obesity plan.”
A Department for Health and Social Care spokeswoman said: “Childhood obesity is a complex problem, decades in the making.
“That's why we have the most ambitious plan in the world to tackle it, our sugar tax is funding school sports programmes and nutritious breakfasts for the poorest children, and we're investing in further research into the links between obesity and inequality.
“We've always said that our 2016 plan was the start of the conversation, not the final word on obesity.
“We are in the process of working up an updated plan, and will be in a position to say more shortly.”
Commenting on the report, Stephen Woodford, chief executive of the Advertising Association, said the UK has “among the strictest rules in the world” on advertising products that are high in fat, sugar and salt to under 16s.
“We remain of the view that measures such as a 9pm watershed would be ineffective in tackling the complex root causes of childhood obesity which are linked to a whole range of factors, including socio-economic background, ethnicity and educational attainment,” he said.
Reacting to the report, Oliver said: “The Committee are absolutely right. There are no silver bullets.
“The Government needs to launch a multi-pronged strategy that pulls every possible lever to help support better outcomes for our kids.
“In turn, we need to make healthier food cheaper and more easily available for parents.
“Theresa May needs to own this now. The future of the NHS is at stake”
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
KiwiBuild is ramping up with the announcement of the first two KiwiBuild projects (Unitec at up to 4000 dwellings, McLennan at 18 dwellings), a new head appointed to the KiwiBuild Unit in the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment and ongoing consultation across the sector.
Yet to be finalised is the question of eligibility for KiwiBuild dwellings – who will qualify to buy an affordable dwelling?
While the criteria are still being worked on, the ministry has reportedly confirmed that first home buyers' eligibility will not be based on their household income.
This will be a surprise to many and it suggests a couple of extra challenges for the scheme. One is that it may reduce the opportunity to maximise the benefits of KiwiBuild. The other is public acceptance of that approach.
Advertisement
Effective targeting of KiwiBuild is very important if the strategy is to sustainably deliver the desired outcomes. A core reason for the Government to directly enter the housing market is to fix a specific problem – there are not enough dwellings in the lower price bands, and as a consequence home ownership rates have declined, with associated social and economic impacts.
KiwiBuild is intended to improve affordability, both directly by injecting dwellings in the under-$600,000 price bands, and indirectly by increasing total supply and helping to temper house price growth.
In the Auckland housing market, into which KiwiBuild aims to inject 50,000 affordable dwellings over the next decade, the 2013 Census data is useful to show which segments of the community were "missing out" on ownership. They are those who would very likely been homeowners in 2013 but for the effects of the "housing shock" which occurred before and after the global financial crisis.
Auckland has another 63,000 households by 2017 but the same groups in the community are still the most affected.
Unsurprisingly, the medium and medium-low income segments of the community have been the hardest hit by the housing shock. If KiwiBuild is indeed a once-off initiative to plug a specific gap, then why would the eligibility criteria not include household income?
The gap between incomes and dwelling prices is at the heart of the problem KiwiBuild seeks to address. Among the first home buyer segments who are trying to become owners, household income is the strongest indicator of whether they can succeed by themselves, or whether they are unlikely to become owners without direct support through KiwiBuild.
The scheme can generally maximise its benefits if all of the owners of KiwiBuild dwellings are households which would not otherwise have become owners. The "success rate" will be the increase in ownership not otherwise achievable, compared with total KiwiBuild dwellings constructed
Fine tuning to get the best success rate is not an easy task. Markets and households' circumstances change. If the KiwiBuild criteria do not take account of income, then the risk is that households may qualify for a KiwiBuild dwelling when they could have become owners in the open market without help from the scheme.
That would reduce the effectiveness of KiwiBuild because some other households not able to become owners by themselves would then miss out.
Equally, placing too much weight on income alone may also cause problems. For example, an income threshold set too low could see households miss out if they are close to becoming owners on the open market, but cannot quite bridge the gap.
The absence of an income criterion is likely to reduce the success rate, however. Some simple number crunching shows this. The Auckland community has around 190,000 households who do not own their dwelling (excluding around 32,000 in Housing NZ dwellings and emergency accommodation).
Becoming a KiwiBuild owner will mean a loan must be serviced in most instances. The target pricing of Auckland KiwiBuild dwellings at $600,000 means that those in the lowest 30 per cent of household incomes (under $80,000) would likely not be able to afford a KiwiBuild dwelling even with additional help.
Auckland households earning above the 70th income percentile are able to afford a dwelling at above the median price, so in theory these households would not need the support of KiwiBuild.
Analysis suggests the Auckland non-owning households which would benefit most from KiwiBuild and be able to afford a dwelling are the 64,000 or so in the middle bands (see graph). Allowing for some of these to not be first home buyers, these numbers are in the same ball-park as KiwiBuild's 50,000 targets.
However, a critical point is that if the 65,000 non-owner households in higher income segments are also eligible for KiwiBuild, then by weight of numbers alone they may dilute the success rate and effectiveness of KiwiBuild. They might otherwise have become owners independently of the scheme.
The related challenge is that of public acceptability. KiwiBuild is a bold and large-scale initiative, and plugging the housing supply gap is very important. Nevertheless, KiwiBuild will impose some (tax) cost on those in the community who will not benefit directly.
Policies which redistribute income and wealth are long established in New Zealand, and are accepted because much of the transfer is toward those less well off, especially in income terms.
The possibility that someone in the top 20 per cent of incomes may qualify for a KiwiBuild dwelling is unlikely to sit comfortably with many in the community, especially if someone else in the lower income bands might miss out.
Income should not be the only criterion for KiwiBuild eligibility. However, it should be included as one of the criteria, and an important one at that.
• Douglas Fairgray is director of a Takapuna-based consultancy, Market Economics Ltd.
Say hello to the Vancouver Airport's new assistance pups
What's better than a golden retriever puppy?
The Vancouver International Airport has three brand-new golden retriever puppies ready to be trained in partnership with Pacific Assistance Dog Society.
“We support programs and organizations that focus on advancements in inclusivity, universal access and access to opportunity,” said YVR community relations manager Kim Halowski. “That's why we are proud to support Pacific Assistance Dogs Society and the work they do to remove barriers and give persons living with disabilities independence.”
But first, the trio needs to be named. There are one female and two males, and YVR wants your help.
Tweet your best YVR-themed puppy names using #YVRPADSPUPS and the airport will put the best names to a vote next week.
The filmography of Paul Thomas Anderson seems a stylised, deceptively arranged cinema. To evince this, it's best to begin with the opening tracking shot of Anderson's second film, ​Boogie Nights​ (1997)​.​ This Steadicam shot, which lasts for about three minutes, walks us in and introduces to the main cast of characters in an L.A. nightclub, all of whom work (or are about to) in the porn industry. The shot feels reminiscent of the long-take in Martin Scorsese's ​Goodfellas ​(1990), and has the same moral murkiness to it. The unbroken take, with the fluid movement of the camera, suggests a coherence, an ecosystem at work; it helps also that it looks glamorous, and it's backed with a tune to which you can't help but dance.
But wait for film to advance, for the style to fall away, for the movement to grow more frantic, and we realise we're not in an appealing world at all, but rather a world of moral torpor. This is the film's organised chaos, and it's a consistent facet of Anderson's work to this point in time. (Due to space, the tightness of our theme, and, honestly, inclination, I've omitted consideration of both Hard Eight ​(1996) and ​Punch-Drunk Love ​(2001). I can only apologise.)
This chaos that I'm maintaining to be a key tenet of Anderson's work is not just to be applied to narrative; no, it applies to the interior lives of characters, too. Anderson continued with the ensemble drama with his next film, which to my mind, while only possibly his best, is certainly a personal favourite of his films, ​Magnolia ​(1999). Inspired by the cinema of Robert Altman, Anderson's film is a day in the lives of an intricately connected group of people living in Los Angeles. The camera moves in a frenetic fashion for a large part of its run-time, but slows down when it decides to catch and enlarge an emotion to devastating effect, chasing after the thematic resonances in the character's lives rather than strict narrative strands. It's a dizzying experience, and as the subject-matter grows increasingly distressing (illness meets abuse meets emotional neglect meets loneliness meets violence), its orchestration changes entirely. The final portion, like a withering magnolia petal, folds in on itself; the film starts to think about redemption, forgiveness, and how impermanent this life is. It becomes a pacifying experience, and not once has it failed to flatten me out.
After making ​Punch-Drunk Love ​with Adam Sandler and Emily Watson, Anderson returned with new playmates, namely the esteemed Daniel Day-Lewis, Jack Fisk (one of Hollywood's greatest production designers), and ​Radiohead ​guitarist Jonny Greenwood. The result is a colossal achievement, and possibly his best film, ​There Will Be Blood (2007). Day-Lewis puts in a performance of real magnitude as Daniel Plainview, an oil-prospector capable of truly amazing coldness and cruelty. “I don't like to explain myself,” Plainview intones – but the film has already explained him with piercing accuracy. In an earlier scene, one of his wells has just erupted: the blast has deafened his son, members of his team are surely dead, and, as he watches a geyser of flame rise and rage and destroy the oil derrick he has constructed, he asks his associate what he's so upset about. The explosion means there's “an ocean of oil beneath” them. Nothing could better explain Plainview: his ambition burning all he sees to ruin, with no human sympathy; chaos incarnate.
It's true to an extent that Anderson valued camera movement over the composition of individual images until he made ​There Will Be Blood​; and this applies even less to ​The Master ​(2012). It is one of Anderson's most visually beautiful films: its colour palette heightened and unreal, and its compositions unimaginably splendid – one dolly-zoom, in particular, seems inspired by the final shot of John Ford's ​The Searchers ​(1956). This film is almost non-narrative, but ostensibly follows Freddie Quell (Joaquin Phoenix), a WWII veteran and lost soul who returns home and aimlessly wanders. He happens upon Lancaster Dodd (Philip Seymour Hoffman), a charismatic leader of a cult. Or is he? As his sycophants occasionally outwit him, and ask him questions he in his “religious wisdom” cannot answer without contradiction. There's also his wife, Peggy (Amy Adams, in an astounding performance), who seems to exert a control of her own. On first watch, I thought the film arresting but unsatisfying, largely due to its ending, which is an abrupt tonal swerve. But within our framework, the closing scenes make a great deal of sense: the only subject-matter of the film is what Freddie does, so for it to end as suddenly as it began is another example of Anderson's wonderful deception.
It's been my contention that Anderson's films utilise an arranged messiness of narrative, in order to be true to the incessant flux of living. It's also the case that Anderson has created characters whose personalities are chaotic. So what would the result be if Anderson combined the two, but without an ensemble, and with the narrower focus of his later films? What if he made a film of seemingly chaotic narrative order, concomitant with a main character who, to put it mildly, does not have their shit together? Well, it would look something like Anderson's adaptation of Thomas Pynchon's novel, ​Inherent Vice​ (2014). Phoenix again plays the lead character, P.I. “Doc” Sportello, an inveterate stoner who shambles his way through a case presented him by his ex-girlfriend Shasta Fay Hepworth (Katherine Waterston). Sportello investigates, and hits with a fantastic imprecision all the points of the mystery. This is done – for a change – to make us laugh: the plot falling into place as it does is a comedic deconstruction of the noir-genre. (Made all the funnier by Josh Brolin's barnstorming turn as Christian “Bigfoot” Bjornsen; his buzz-cut severity playing against Spotello's hippy tendences tremendously.)
And what of Anderson's newest film, ​Phantom Thread​? With its couturier's exactness, luscious visuals, and dreamy score – where is the chaos in this pristine picture? Everywhere. For all of its punctiliousness, it is the story of an extremely chaotic pair. Daniel Day-Lewis is Reynolds Woodcock, a dressmaker fastened into his daily routines. Breakfast must be plentiful and peaceful, so that he can make exquisite garments for those with the money. But Woodcock is another addition to Anderson's gallery of lonely, deprived souls. He stitches messages into the clothes he designs, as if he has something to tell someone, but cannot. He meets Alma (played with unbelievable brilliance by relative newcomer Vicky Krieps), and after giddily flirting, she moves in with him, as a muse and lover. They're in love, but they're dysfunctional. During a confrontation, following Alma's attempt to surprise Reynolds with a dinner, the two end up barking at each other. Reynolds is exact and cruel with his remarks, Alma can barely form a sentence due to her mystified anger. Why is he apoplectic? Because she has interrupted the quotidian: his life, he feels, is being thrown off by her simple kindness. In this way, Woodcock is akin to Anderson's other chaotic minds. But wait and see how Alma reveals her own version of chaotic control (involving the making of an omelette); if you can keep your jaw closed, I'll be surprised. It's an extraordinary moment, in an extraordinary film, in an extraordinary filmography.
Image: Universal Pictures
Chicago/Il – The TradeTools FX technology group was founded in 2008 by a group of highly experienced IT professionals with the goal to create simple, secure and user friendly solutions for the FX market.
Contact
TradeToolsFX
***@tradetoolsfx.com TradeToolsFX
End
-- Our software engineers have years of experience in providing custom tools and solutions for FX brokers, money managers and financial institutions around the world. Our custom solutions enable companies to maximize profits by offering innovative solutions that can be seamlessly integrated into an existing infrastructure or as a standalone offering.TradeToolsFX Technology are pleased to announce that in the open testing framework, the launch of a new stable version of TTFX Webtrader 2.0Main advantages of the new version:1. Most of our customers asked to add the function of switching themes to dark and light. We went to the meeting with the wishes of our customers and updated the interface, according to their suggestions!2. Mobility is the trend of our time and we try to keep up with the technologies of today, the new version of our product provides the ability to switch the interface from normal to mobile and back, for ease of use.3. Technological progress does not stand still, with each day more and more protecting us from threats in information security! This is a multi-faceted concern for computer operating systems! Our new product fully supports all modern methods of cryptography and encryption for the newest operating systems on the Windows 10 86/64 base.4. More and more information is required for analytical tasks, more and more information is required for placement on computer monitors! Webtrader 2.0 fully supports computer monitors with 4K resolution, place more information, be one step ahead!5. The speed of operation of devices and programs is one of the fundamental principles of the modern broker's work, wcj we consider this fact as one of the most fundamental in the qualitative work of modern financial systems - we are ahead of our competitors!The speed of our system in the new version has increased by 100%6. Any user is pleased to work with a system that does not fail, and we try to maximize the performance of our systems, the newest webtrader 2.0 is not an exception to the rules, we have done a great job of correcting shortcomings and increasing stability!According to the analytical data of TradeToolsFX Technology, the world financial market shows an increase of about 40% per year, thus showing that the financial component of the market, the binary options, and other tools has positive values. For its part, TradeToolsFX Technology offers its customers the latest high-quality developments in the field financial markets.100 S. Wacker Suite 225Chicago, IL 60606+1.416.616.1040sales@tradetoolsfx.comTwitter: https://twitter.com/ tradetoolsfx Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/tradetoolsfxGoogle+ : https://plus.google.com/ communities/ 117459709788334720275 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/tradetoolsfx/YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIIyJBg1-CPJSAuYLOgrI0gWebsite: http://www.tradetoolsfx.com
"Run For Office" ...A satire on politics...now available for 99 cents on iTunes
Contact
Robert Barrows
650-344-4405
barrows@barrows.com Robert Barrows650-344-4405
End
-- Dear Political Editor...and Dear Constituents Everywhere...When you do your planning for stories for Bad Poetry Day (August 18th), and when you do your planning for stories during the election season, here is a poem that you will find timeless and universal…It's a poem I wrote called "Run For Office."I also ran for office. I ran for Congress in the Democratic Primaries in the 12th Congressional District in California in 2006 and 2008. I lost both times.Here is the poem version of "Run For Office.""RUN FOR OFFICE"Copyright 1995, Robert BarrowsOut of work? Need a job? Run for office!Big debts, lots of sex? Run For Office!Need prestige? Run for office!Get elected! Get respected!You even get yourself protected!Give unto Caesar that which is his!Get me Redford! Get me Liz!I'm going to make it really big...I'm going to run for office!All the money you need...The pleasures of power and greed...Got to start planting the seed...I'm going to run for office!Get elected! Get respected!Got to get myself selected!My future in bliss! I'll promise you that...I'll promise you this!...With this big warm smile, hey, I can't miss!There's nothing to lose, and I could actually win!A couple of lies, hey, that's not like a sin?Which race is open? I'm ready to go!I'll toss my hat in!Here comes the dough!Where do I stand? It doesn't matter...I'm shaking everyone's hand!Oh what a feeling! I'm in command!Hey, nice to meet you!I'm running for office!Your goals are my goals! Vote for me!I'm your man!What are my plans?I'll show you when I get in office!###There is also a song version of "Run For Office" that I co-wrote with a musician named Gary Warren.The song lyrics are even more biting than the poem. The song was released in 1999 and it got some good airplay on stations that played rap and hip-hop.You can hear a free clip of the song version of "Run For Office" at www.barrows.com/music.html and there is a link on that page where you can download the song for 99 cents on iTunes.You can see some more of my poetry in an ebook called "Crazy Robert's Poems and Potential Song Lyrics" which you can download for a dollar on Amazon atAlso, another poem that you might find interesting, especially now that the new NAFTA discussions will be in progress, is a poem I wrote called "It used to be Made in America.""It used to be Made in America" is about the loss of jobs and the consequences of the outsourcing of jobs and manufacturing to other countries.You can see the poem online at www.itusedtobemadeinamerica.com Please feel free to refer to all or parts of these poems in any stories you may be doing.For more information, please contact Robert Barrows at R.M. Barrows, Inc. Advertising & Public Relations at 650-344-4405, www.barrows.com
Delivering Windows 10 deployment data of 30GB+ over a company WAN reminds me of my brief life as a PC gamer back in the 1990s (ancient tech, 386 and MS-DOS). I became obsessed with a game called Wing Commander. I flew a fighter through space — slowing down to navigate asteroid fields and tangling with enemy fighters — to help get the mother ship safely to its destination before it was too late.
That's not unlike the challenge people face with Windows 10 OSD: how to get 30GB image and support files to their destination at the fastest possible speed without crashing into other network traffic.
If you are a Microsoft Systems Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) administrator, have you moved your company to Windows 10 yet? The entire company?
If yes, congratulations, you are way ahead of about 64 percent of your colleagues. Stop here, and treat yourself to a much-deserved holiday in Paris, Bangkok, London, Singapore or Minneapolis (or come to the Midwest Management Summit in May and gloat).
If not, continue …
Choosing the right Windows 10 operating system deployment (OSD) technology for a distributed organization can be daunting. There are countless factors to consider, and every company is unique. While Windows 10 may be critical to your company's future, you may have tens of thousands — or millions — of computers to migrate. This puts a lot of stress on IT professionals like you, but it is manageable if you have a plan.
Let's first consider a server infrastructure versus a peer-to-peer technology environment. Then let's take it slow and steady, beginning with two overriding goals — infrastructure reduction and speeding deployment — and the questions you should be asking to reduce time, cost and, most importantly, stress.
How Much Infrastructure Can Windows 10 Eliminate?
For decades, global endpoint management solutions have used a server-intensive architecture, which is expensive and time-consuming. In these scenarios, a server at each remote facility receives software and updates over the company WAN and stores (caches) it at that location. The caching server, called a distribution point (DP) in SCCM, shares the software with other systems on the local LAN. This works well when the servers are running correctly. However, it requires an army of servers and all the maintenance and costs that go along with that. Also, deploying a global server infrastructure to thousands of locations can take years.
Peer-to-peer technology can reduce or eliminate server infrastructure. It can eliminate all remote distribution points by using PCs and laptops to share and distribute content. When a PC needs content, peer technology intelligently downloads it from other peers on the local network. If not present locally, it downloads it from somewhere else on the WAN. Your worldwide content cache becomes your worldwide content distribution engine — all without servers.
When considering infrastructure reduction with Windows 10, be sure to ask these questions:
Does the solution replace all remote SCCM servers or just most of them?
Can it safely replace the need for a server at a facility, with no negative impact to the speed and reliability of business operations?
Will the solution intelligently download new content from the logically the nearest peer on the WAN (i.e., another office's peer-to-peer network), or is it forced to go across the WAN to an SCCM DP server every time it needs to download new content?
Deborah Ward & Associates, Charles Rutenberg Realty, has listed this charming home for sale -- just steps to the Pinellas Trail and downtown Dunedin!
1130 Sedeeva St, Clearwater, FL 33755
Contact
Deborah Ward
info@deborahward.com
727-216-9247 Deborah Ward727-216-9247
End
-- Welcome home to this charming 1938 bungalow which is nestled deep in an 1/3 acre lot! From the moment you arrive at this completely renovated home with its freshly painted exterior, original stonework and trim and gorgeous refinished original hardwood floors you will appreciate the combination of charm and recent modernizations. As you enter the enclosed front porch, you find the perfect spot to enjoy the sea breeze. The inviting living room with its imposing stonework wood-burning fireplace offers the perfect place to relax and enjoy old Florida living at its best. The dining room is just off the kitchen, complete with its original vintage built-in china cabinet. The recently remodeled kitchen features solid wood cabinetry with soft close doors, sparkling granite counters and a KitchenAid appliances. The master bedroom is airy and bright and features a walk-in closet with ample storage. The newly renovated bathroom is located between the master and guest bedroom and was stylishly designed while preserving the historic integrity of the home. The workstation area is located in the hall and is perfect for a home office. The walk in cedar lined closet offers bonus storage! The newly constructed covered deck off the kitchen is a real delight overlooking the fenced, wooded backyard. The detached oversized 2-car garage in the rear of the wcj property and plenty of room on the property for pool, boat or RV. The beauty of this property is that is only a short walk to the water and yet it is not in a flood zone!Deborah Ward & Associates is a top selling team at Charles Rutenberg Realty. Deborah and her team's knowledge, experience and caring personalities have all contributed to their real estate success. They pride themselves in their track record of overcoming obstacles to get to the closing table. Their motto is
In order to accelerate application delivery and application quality for the digital business economy, BMC today announced Control-M Workbench, a no-cost, self-service and standalone development environment that gives developers autonomy to code, find bugs, and test their workflows.
According to BMC, Control-M Workbench expands on the Control-M Automation API, which enables developers and engineers to embed Jobs-as-Code within the agile application release process. Jobs-as-Code is a practice that requires no scripting to build, test and debug application automation.
The “jobs” in Jobs-as-Code are the automation rules that define how business applications run. These rules include what to run, when to run it, how to determine success or failure, and what action needs to be taken, said Gur Steif, BMC's president of digital business automation.
In the past, operations analysts defined these rules only at the end of software development lifecycle, said Steif, which meant these jobs were not tested or hardened at the same level as the rest of the application. This approach led to delays and errors, all because of poor communication and manual intervention, Steif explained.
But with the Jobs-as-Code approach, developers can code business application automation directly into their delivery pipeline. And with Control-M Workbench, “operations receives tested, production-ready applications, since jobs are defined at the same time that the rest of the application is built,” said Steif.
Steif added that since the jobs are built in the same general format (JSON), jobs can be stored together with the rest of the application components in a SCM system like Git. It can be built automatically with tools like Jenkins, it can be tested automatically, and then it can be promoted from environment to environment until it eventually is deployed automatically, said Steif.
In addition, the Control-M Workbench environment will work for developers with JSON, REST APIs, and Node.js CLI for creating workflows. Control-M Workbench can also be used to create jobs like Big Data, database, and other enterprise workloads, according to BMC. Developers can build jobs that are immediately consumable by Control-M, said Steif, so operations no longer has to interpret “cryptic documents or diagrams.”
“By making Control-M available to developers without them having to become experts in the installation and configuration of Control-M, Workbench enables developers to access Control-M capabilities during their development process,” said Steif. “Now they can build and test jobs, as well as explore how they can leverage Control-M capabilities.”
Other benefits to Control-M include its ability to shorten the delivery cycle, its self-contained and publicly available to developers, its ability to consolidate tools, and its application quality improvement with “shifting left” job definitions.
ALL Marie-Josee Isabelle Caplet wanted to do was drive to Bundaberg to get food for her dogs.
The problem was she had drunk several cans of gin and coke throughout the day.
On November 10, about 9.15pm Caplet travelled from her Moore Park Beach home to North Bundaberg.
Police pulled over Caplet along Queen St for an RBT and she returned an alcohol reading of 0.075.
Defence lawyer Matt Messenger told the Bundaberg Magistrates Court that Caplet had spaced out her drinks that day but had forgotten to go to the local supermarkets to pick up dog food.
Mr Messenger asked Magistrate Belinda Merrin to consider that it was Caplet's first drink-driving offence.
Caplet pleaded guilty to drink-driving, was fined $350 and was disqualified from driving for one month.
'Any Assembly' Mounts TVs, Assembles Furniture in Baltimore, Northern Virginia
Any Assembly
Contact
Any Assembly
410-493-4488
***@anyassembly.com Any Assembly410-493-4488
End
-- It was perfect in the picture and seemed easy enough to assemble. But that Ikea bed frame assembly turn out to be way more complicated than it looked. And how does one really mount a TV above a mantle?One local company has answers for anyone who wants beautiful Ikea furniture and TVs mounted above the fireplace but doesn't want to do it themselves. Any Assembly launched a new website in the hopes of reaching more people in the Washington, D.C. area with their unique "assemble anything" service. Any Assembly, located at 2707 North Rolling Rd, Suite 109 in Windsor Mill, provides commercial and residential handyman services. The company's skilled professionals can quickly, easily and affordably assemble any home or office furniture, fitness equipment, garden sheds, pergolas and other outdoor structures as well as install basketball hoops and kitchen cabinets and mount TVs.Any Assembly makes the process of assembly easy. Their trained team will pick up a purchased item directly from a store, deliver it to a home or office, assemble the item and remove any old items from the premises. They work with a wide range of retailers in the greater Washington D.C., Baltimore and Northern Virginia areas, including IKEA, Williams-Sonoma, Ashley Furniture, Home Depot, Lowes, Thomasville, Basset, Nico & Bram, Office Depot, Macy's, HON, BUSH, SAUDER, O'Sullivan, Studio RTA, Steelcase, Intelligent Design, Canwood Furniture, Ameriwood, Bestar, Herman Miller, Apollo furniture and many more.Customers also have the option of ordering a product online and having it shipped directly to the Any Assemble warehouse, where it can be assembled locally and then dropped off at a home or office.Any Assembly's new website provides information about services available, a blog with useful advice on a variety of topics, a gallery with images of furniture and other items the team has assembled, a list of locations served and convenient online quote form."We developed a user-friendly website that allows people in the Washington, D.C. area in need of assembly and installation services to learn more about what we do and contact us for a free quote," said Aziz Kayoumov, a company spokesperson. "They can also look at examples of our work and read customer reviews so they can be confident when they choose to work with us to assemble furniture, mount TVs and move furniture and appliances."View Any Assembly's new website at https://www.anyassembly.com Since 2004, Any Assembly has served customers in the Baltimore and Washington, D.C. Any Assembly takes great pride in its reputation as the gold standard for home and office furniture delivery, assembly, and installation. Their focus on quality and convenience at affordable prices has earned the trust of national manufacturers and retailers, small businesses, and private clients. They will work with every client individually, starting with an initial free, no-obligation consultation, to determine the best plan for that client's needs, timeline, and budget.Follow Any Assembly on Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, Google+, StumbleUpon and YouTube.
US stock indexes tumbled in afternoon trading on Monday, as a sharp drop in Facebook dragged technology companies down.
The social media company is facing new criticism related to privacy issues following reports that a data mining firm working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained and then kept data on tens of millions of users. The stock is on pace for its biggest loss in four years.
The S&P 500 index sank 46 points, or 1.7 percent, to 2,705 as of 1:45 p.m. Eastern time. The benchmark index is on track for its biggest loss since February 8 when it tumbled almost 4 percent.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 450 points, or 1.7 percent to 24,547.
Advertisement
The Nasdaq composite gave up 169 points, or 2.3 percent, to 7,313. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks declined 26 points, or 1.7 percent, to 1,559.
Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq dropped as much as 2.5 percent. Google parent Alphabet was down 3 percent, while Netflix and retail giant Amazon declined by more than 2 percent.
Facebook fell as much as 8.1 percent to $170.06 on Monday in New York, wiping out all of the year's gains so far. That marked the biggest intraday drop since August 2015.
Facebook said Friday that the data mining company Cambridge Analytica improperly obtained data on some of its users, and that it had suspended Cambridge while it investigates. Facebook said the company obtained data from 270,000 people who downloaded a purported research app that was described as a personality test.
The New York Times and the Guardian reported that Cambridge was able to tap the profiles of more than 50 million Facebook users without their permission. Facebook first learned of the breach more than two years ago but hadn't disclosed it. A British legislator said Facebook had misled officials while Senator Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota said Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg should testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Other technology companies also struggled. Microsoft slid $2.16, or 2.3 percent, to $92.45 and Apple fell $3.64, or 2 percent, to $174.38. Health care and energy companies also fell, as did consumer-focused companies like retailers.
Daniel Ives, chief strategy officer and head of technology research for GBH Insights, said this is a crisis for Facebook, and it will have to work hard to reassure users, investors and governments.
"This is a defining moment for them," he said. "It either becomes a blip on the radar and it helps the platform mature... or it becomes the start of something broader."
Ives said Wall Street is more concerned about the latest situation than it was about issues like Facebook's platform spreading fake news. That's because Cambridge reportedly got access to the personal data of a large number of users, and the backlash suggests Facebook may face more regulation or could lose users, advertisers or advertising revenue.
He estimated that $5 billion in annual revenue for Facebook might be at risk and that the company has to work hard to assure users and government agencies. He said the situation could create problems for other tech companies, especially Twitter and Alphabet's YouTube unit.
- Associated Press
On September 30, after Hurricane Maria battered Puerto Rico and killed at least 34, CNN – among other mainstream media outlets – started a disinformation campaign against President Trump's response to the disaster.
To begin with, CNN's headline is an outright lie. After being blasted by the mayor of Puerto Rico, Carmen Yulín Cruz; Trump took to Twitter to defend his administration's aid relief and respond to her accusations of blame. However, on September 28, CNN reported that Puerto Rico aid was trapped in thousands of shipping containers in San Juan's port:
A mountain of food, water and other vital supplies has arrived in Puerto Rico's main Port of San Juan. But a shortage of truckers and the island's devastated infrastructure are making it tough to move aid to where it's needed most, officials say. At least 10,000 containers of supplies — including food, water and medicine — were sitting Thursday at the San Juan port.
U.S.-shipped aid and supplies were stranded at the port due to lack of truck drivers and the inability to traverse the devastated infrastructure of the hurricane-pummeled island and it's somehow Trump's fault? Mayor Cruz even went so far as to accuse Trump of genocide from his supposed negligent aid and relief efforts… but Puerto Rico Governer, Ricardo Rosselló told a different story:
We need to do a lot more in order for us to get out of the emergency. But the other thing that's also true is that the administration has answered and has complied with our petitions in an expedited manner.
The Trump administration “has answered and complied” with Puerto Rico's pleas for help “in an expedited manner”? In fact, during Mayor Cruz's press conference in which she criticized Trump's outreach, she was standing in front of pallets of stranded aid!
The reality of the situation is that Puerto Rico declared bankruptcy in May of this year. Before Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico was already in a poor state – food shortages, poor healthcare, and lack of infrastructure; no matter how vehemently CNN wants the public to believe the tragedy and destruction is all Trump's fault, it simply isn't the case.
Cruz is politicizing the suffering and plight of real people – sadly, her behavior is standard from the left and Democrats…
Elizabeth Warren – a loony and ardent anti-Trumper – couldn't help but weigh in on the issue as well:
What does Warren want? Puerto Rico dropped the ball in their ability to distribute supplies; not to the fault of President Trump who expedited the aid and relief ahead of the hurricane. September 18, well before the hurricane, an article from UPI reported:
FEMA sent a ship with more than 1 million gallons of water and 111 generators to Puerto Rico, and emergency officials set up 450 shelters, Rosselló said.
I ask again: what more does Warren want? Implacable, uncompromising Democrats will never be impressed by President Trump's actions because they vehemently oppose him in every aspect – no respect or partisanship involved.
Trump was faced with three monster hurricanes – Harvey devastating Houston, Irma ripping across Florida, and Maria making landfall on Puerto Rico. In all three cases, he and his admin performed stellar aid relief for the displaced communities. It is utterly disgusting the disinformation CNN and other mainstream media outlets pushed considering the actual successes of Trump's relief outreach.
Somehow, CNN – even after their recent and shameless controversies – has still gone on to hit a new, despairing low with their business model prioritizing the broadcasting of misinformation in lieu of actual reporting.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa (AP) " Sri Lanka won the toss and elected to bowl first in the second cricket test against South Africa at Newlands on Monday.
With overcast conditions and a green tinge on the pitch, captain Angelo Mathews gave his seam bowlers the opportunity to put the visitors back in the series following Sri Lanka's 206-run loss in the first test.
Sri Lanka made two changes to the XI with batsman Kusal Perera replaced by Upul Tharanga, and 19-year-old fast bowler Lahiru Kumara drafted in for Dushmantha Chameera.
South Africa retained an unchanged lineup as it sought to take an unassailable lead in the three-match series.
Lineups:
South Africa: Stephen Cook, Dean Elgar, Hashim Amla, JP Duminy, Faf du Plessis (captain), Temba Bavuma, Quinton de Kock, Vernon Philander, Keshav Maharaj, Kyle Abbott, Kagiso Rabada.
Sri Lanka: Dimuth Karunaratne, Kaushal Silva, Upul Tharanga, Kusal Mendis, Angelo Mathews (captain), Dinesh Chandimal, Dhananjaya de Silva, Rangana Herath, Suranga Lakmal, Nuwan Pradeep, Lahiru Kumara.
A fifth of micro-businesses have no knowledge of the government's Making Tax Digital (MTD) plans, according to research from FreeAgent.
The findings followed the publication of further details on the MTD plans by the government at the end of January.
The research also found that 84% of respondents to the FreeAgent survey thought that the government had not provided enough information about the digital tax plans or how the legislation would affect UK business owners.
However, 41% of businesses that were aware of the plans said they felt positive, with 27% believing that the legislation would make running their businesses easier.
Ed Molyneux, CEO and co-founder of FreeAgent said: “Making Tax Digital will be one of the biggest changes made to the UK tax system for generations and will potentially start to impact businesses from as early as 2018. But although many micro-business owners appear to be positive about the proposals, it's clear from our research that many others still require more information about what tax digitisation actually is and how it will potentially impact them.
“We believe that Making Tax Digital is a great opportunity for business owners to have proper clarity over their business finances and be better equipped to calculate and pay their tax bills. But it is also a major piece of legislation that will have a significant impact on the UK's micro-business sector.”
“The good news is that, when micro-businesses are well-informed about the changes, they are actually quite positive about them – with only a small minority of people we polled saying that they felt Making Tax Digital would make their life harder. Therefore, we urge the government to keep these business owners fully up to speed with the changes and make sure they clearly explain how and when the proposals will be implemented,” he added.
Global Flat Steel Market: Snapshot
The rapid increase in infrastructural development in Asia Pacific due to rapid urbanization and industrialization is working in favor of the global flat steel market. The construction industry in countries such as India, China, and South Korea have registered phenomenal growth over the past few years. Since flat-rolled products are extensively used in the construction of cladding, internal walls, and purlins, the expansion of the construction sector is translating into the greater uptake of flat steel. Moreover, the growing investments in the infrastructure sector and increasing stringency on iron-ore mining several countries are expected to augment the market over the coming years.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/flat-steel-market.html
Flat steel finds applications across various end-use verticals, including automobile and transportation, building and infrastructure, packaging, consumer goods, and defense. There will be a strong demand for flat steel in building and infrastructure worldwide. It is used in the construction of railway tracks, bridges, roads, factories, buildings, and other engineering structures. The rising awareness regarding the merits of flat steel such as high durability, strength, and design flexibility and low construction and maintenance cost is driving its adoption across various verticals.
The global flat steel market is dominated by a handful of international players. However, the emergence of new suppliers is resulting in the decline in their shares as well as the intensification of competition. Rapid technological advancements and changing consumer preferences are prompting market players to look for new applications of flat steel.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22274
Flat steel is steel manufactured in a sheet form by melting and rolling. It can be produced in different formats such as plates and strips. The basic method of producing flat steel is passing rectangular-shaped steel through flat rollers. Rollers are rotated in opposite directions and steel is fed through them. The produced steel does not have grooved or cut faces but has flat faces coated with zinc to inhibit corrosion. Heavy plates, hot-rolled coils, slabs, and coated steel are some of the flat steel products. However, heavy plates are produced using a press and the process is known as forming, rather than rolling. Rollers are often heated and lubricated to facilitate the passage of metal from the work piece.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Hizbollah boosted by battleground successes in Syria conflict
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
They're locked together at the top of New Zealand's test centurymakers list but what have Martin Crowe, Kane Williamson and Ross Taylor's finest achievements been among their 17 hundreds?
It's purely subjective, but here's three of their best….
Martin Crowe:
1: 188: v Australia, Brisbane November, 1985.
Part of perhaps New Zealand's most comprehensive test victory over a major nation, certainly to that point. Crowe was aided by John R. Reid's 108 as he pushed New Zealand to 553 for seven and an innings and 41-run victory. Richard Hadlee's 15 wickets was the other part of New Zealand's dream victory. It was Crowe's third century – he batted 472 minutes, faced 328 balls and hit 26 fours - and with his on drive working expertly, a picture perfect demonstration of the batting arts.
2: 108 not out: v Pakistan, Lahore, October 1990
A stunning achievement against Wasim Akram, Waqar Younis and legspinning genius Abdul Qadir in their backyard. Crowe battled 552 minutes, faced 306 balls, hit 14 fours and a six in a remarkable demonstration of skill, concentration and sheer resolve not to be beaten. He was unconquered too, but Pakistan won by nine wickets.
Advertisement
3: 115: v England, Manchester, June 1994
The last of Crowe's 17 and put this down as an innings loaded with courage. By this time he was effectively batting on one leg. He spent five and a half hours at the crease, faced 237 balls with 15 fours. New Zealand were in trouble, following on 231 runs behind, but Crowe made the match safe. There were to be seven more tests but this was Crowe's final masterpiece.
Ross Taylor, Martin Crowe or Kane Williamson - who is New Zealand's greatest test batsman?
Kane Williamson:
1: 102 not out: v South Africa, Wellington, March 2012
Had it not been for Williamson's performance this test would have been lost. He came in with New Zealand, needing an improbable 389 to win, at two for one and walked off to a standing ovation five and a half hours later. Williamson took a painful blow in the most tender of places from Dale Steyn but fought on and earned a fabulous reward.
2: 140: v Australia, Brisbane, November 2015
In here for the impact it had on an Australian press box, who generally peer into their racing form guides when New Zealanders are batting. This time they sat up, murmuring their approval and more than one ''Jeez look at that'' as Williamson found the boundary 24 times against a quality attack of Starc, Johnson and Hazlewood. Terrific innings. New Zealand lost by 208 runs but remembering Australians only really rate batsmen who score big against them, this had real impact in terms of the way Williamson is viewed across the Tasman. ''This bloke can play'' said one experienced Australian watcher. That's high praise indeed.
3: 108 not out: v Sri Lanka, Hamilton, December 2015
Maybe an odd one for some but this was the test both bowling attacks decided to pitch damn near everything halfway down the pitch leading to some extraordinary periods and field placings. Not a great watch but Williamson came in at 11 for two, New Zealand chasing 189. Williamson coped with an oddly-paced pitch expertly, scoring 108 not out of 185 while he was at the crease and calmed New Zealand nerves. Only one other batsman, Martin Guptill, got to 50 in the match. This could easily have gone pear-shaped for New Zealand but for Williamson's skill.
‌
Ross Taylor:
1: 120 v England, Hamilton, March 2008
Taylor has talked of the importance of these innings. He'd played two tests in South Africa, and struggled, was dropped for the subsequent visit of Bangladesh before being recalled. This century told him that, yes, he did belong, he could foot it with the big boys. Taylor batted almost five and a half hours, struck 18 fours in an innings which announced him as a true test batsman. Hard to overstate the importance of the innings in what has followed in the last nine years.
2: 290 v Australia, Perth November 2015
Look at the number. The pitch at the Waca was a road but still any time you get that high it's special. Last man out too, 10 runs short of becoming the second player to 300 for New Zealand, after Brendon McCullum a year earlier. He hit the fence 43 times, batted nine and a half hours and it was against Australia, which matters to New Zealanders.
3: 142 v Sri Lanka, Colombo, November 2012
A tight call. His 154 at Manchester in 2008 is a contender, as is 131 against Sunil Narine in Hamilton in 2013. But this proved to be Taylor's last test as captain and what surely must have been a difficult time. It might, therefore, contain an element of 'stuff you lot' about it. Taylor shared a 262-run stand with Williamson to set up New Zealand's first innings, he made another brisk 74 in the second innings, the bowlers did their part and New Zealand won by a whopping 167 runs. Taylor batted six and a half hours in the sapping heat and should always reflect on a performance to savour.
Scientists have found live specimens of the rare giant shipworm for the first time, in the Philippines.
Details of the creature, which can reach up to 1.55 meters in length and six centimeters in diameter, were published in a US science journal.
The giant shipworm spends its life encased in a hard shell, submerged head-down in mud, which it feeds on, according to bbc.com.
Though its existence has been known for years, no living specimen had been studied until now.
Despite its name it is actually a bivalve, which is the same group as clams and mussels.
The ‘rare and enigmatic species', also known as Kuphus polythamia, is the longest living bivalve known to man.
The team of scientists from the US, the Philippines and France recently found and collected five giant shipworms in Mindanao in a marine bay.
A video shows the scientists carefully cutting off one end of the shipworm's shell, before gently shaking it out. A long, slimy black creature is seen sliding out of the tube-like shell.
It belongs to the shipworm families, whose members are usually much smaller and burrow and feed on rotting wood.
The giant shipworm is unique not just for its size, but also for feeding on mud and marine sediment instead, using a type of bacteria.
It therefore has a much smaller digestive system compared to other shipworms.
The animal creates its own hard tube shell, made of calcium carbonate, by secreting a substance.
It also creates a hard cap to cover its head, which is re-absorbed by the giant shipworm when it wants to grow and burrow further into the mud, researchers said.
That's how the Vancouver Canucks are hoping to attract fans to the Rogers Arena amid low expectations for the upcoming season.
All fans will be met with a free Budweiser beer or non-alcohol drink when they show up for the team's season opener against the Edmonton Oilers Saturday night.
A pre-game party on the Toyota and South plazas will also feature face-painting, poster-making and a barbeque alongside Canucks alumni Kirk McLean, Jyrki Lumme and Harold Snepsts.
“If (fans) come and have a great time here at Rogers Arena, if they're entertained as well while they're watching the hockey game, I think they'll be coming back more often,” said Canucks' chief operating officer, Jeff Stipec. “I think there's a lot of enthusiasm.”
A kiosk will sell all things bacon and offer 25-cent lemonade for children.
Fans can also enter to win a basket of meat worth $500. The contest will help raise money for the Canucks For Kids Fund. Tickets will be on sale at the concourse throughout Saturday night's game.
Pucks will be hidden throughout the arena. Those who find one can take it to the team store to claim a mystery prize.
But Canucks fan Joe English said the tactics are unlikely to renew enthusiasm for the team in the long term.
“I don't know how that fits in with the Canucks logo or anything. It seems like a little bit of a reach,” he said, adding that what fans really want to see is “more evidence of a commitment to a rebuild.”
The Canucks haven't made the playoffs since the 2014-15 season, when they lost in the first round to the Calgary Flames.
Since then, the team has been adding new faces and youthful energy to the roster with the likes of Brock Boeser and Jake Virtanen.
But even English, a self-proclaimed super-fan, doesn't think those changes will earn the Canucks a playoff spot just yet, despite the team doing “a lot of the right things.”
“The odds of making the playoffs are something like 15 per cent. I don't think we're going to make it,” he said. “I think we might finish just outside.”
The two-year drought has led to apathy among many hockey enthusiasts in the city.
“I'm pretty sure they're going to fight Vegas for last,” Vancouverite Brett Cove told CTV Vancouver Friday.
Even Canucks jersey sales are suffering, said John Czvelka, the owner of Vancity Sports, a merchandise store in the city's downtown core.
Czvelka said he hasn't sold any of the team's 2017-18 jerseys ahead this year, but has sold a whole shipment of Edmonton Oilers jerseys.
“I've never had it this bad with the Canucks merchandise,” he said.
“It's hard to invest this kind of money into a name and number jersey when you're not sure if they player is going to be here this year or is going to be sent down to minors. We just don't know.”
The team itself, however, is telling a different story.
“I see so much optimism right now,” Stipec said, citing positive sentiment online and healthy ticket sales.
“I think there's great anticipation for (Saturday) night and we'll be sold out come puck drop.”
And if, like English, the snacks and suds won't get you to show up, the Canucks are hoping this year's rock-bottom ticket prices will.
“That's part of the strategy. We want to make it affordable,” Stipec said. “It's a way for fans that may not historically have had a chance to come to the game to come on in and experience it.”
Tickets for Saturday's game are still available at around the $100 mark.
Sixteen regular season games are priced at under $50, including Tuesday's game against the Ottawa Senators which are selling for as little as $43 and games against a host of American teams, including the Detroit Red Wings, Los Angeles Kings, and New York Rangers.
Another 19 games are priced between $60 and $80.
There are exceptions to the low prices, however.
If you want to see the Canucks take on Connor McDavid and the Oilers for a second time in March, those tickets will cost you at least $105. When reigning NHL champions--the Pittsburg Penguins--visit Vancouver next month, seats will sell for no less than $137.
Tickets to see Canadian teams that a are only playing at the Rogers Arena once this season, such as the Toronto Maple Leafs and Montreal Canadiens, are also going for more than $100.
With files from CTV's Christina Heydanus and David Molko
Team USA have fired another psychological barb at challengers Team New Zealand days out from their showdown for the America's Cup.
Emirates Team New Zealand and Oracle Team USA start their race five match up of the 35th America's Cup challenger series in Bermuda. Source: Photosport
The two rivals square off in the first two races of the Cup Match in Bermuda on Sunday (NZT), with Team NZ aiming to reverse the outcome of four years ago when they were run down and beaten 9-8 by the American defenders.
Team USA skipper Jimmy Spithill attempted some mind games earlier in the regatta by highlighting what he said were shortcomings in the Kiwi sailing set-up.
Tactician Andrew Campbell followed up with provocative comments on the Team USA website, saying the challengers have a fast boat but "weaknesses" elsewhere.
"They've shown that they're vulnerable in certain positions on the race track in terms of their playbook and their communication," he said.
"We're going to make sure we take advantage of those weaknesses."
Team USA beat Team NZ in both of their races during the qualifying series, which Team USA won to take a one-point advantage into the Cup match.
Campbell says subtracting a point from the Kiwis created a double bonus.
"To beat them in both of those races, not only is there a psychological benefit to us, but there is an actual benefit of a win going into the match."
Team NZ returned to the water for practice today, with the sailors having taken the previous day off.
Off-water testing has continued unabated, with the designers from teams set to play a pivotal part in the best-of-13 final.
Campbell was confident Team USA would be on the pace.
Trying something new to reach the early hour business people, the Southern Ocean County Chamber of Commerce has partnered with Ocean County SCORE to present a series of drop in breakfast networking and tips at the Mainland Manahawkin
End
-- Early risers welcome to a special series that features open call for breakfast and networking. Leading up to the Southern Ocean Chamber's 105th year of service, they are working with the Ocean County SCORE mentors to create a new business event to reach a more casual approach to networking and achieving business goals.Beginning at 730 am and promising to be no longer than one hour, the Business Breakfast Power Hour series will be an interactive networking with a focus each month on new marketing tips and business success strategies. There is no fee to attend, but the cost of the individual breakfast which is $12.95 plus tip and tax and will be paid directly by the attendee to the restaurant.The October 25, 2018 breakfast will be start out with a breakfast buffet at the Mainland Kitchen and Pub located at the Holiday Inn Manahawkin at 151 Route 72 E. The attendees will have an opportunity to introduce their business and participate in a marketing discussion which will be led by Southern Ocean Chamber member and Ocean County SCORE mentor Adam Binder. The power hour promises three takeaways from each meeting that everyone can put into practice easily. All businesses or potential business owners welcome, you do not need to be affiliated with either organization to join these monthly series.RSVP is requested to allow for proper planning, please contact Southern Ocean Chamber at 609 494 7211 or by email at info@sochamber.com . For more information on the hosting organizations go to https://oceancounty.score.org or
New vehicle registrations hit an all-time high in January, sitting close to 15,000.
In the month of January a total of 14,834 new cars were registered, up more than 7 per cent on the same month a year earlier.
Passenger and SUV registrations were up 6.4 per cent totalling 10,797, while commercial vehicle registrations surpassed 4000, up 9.9 per cent.
Motor Industry Association chief executive David Crawford said the number of new registrations for January continued the uphill trend seen over the last five years.
Advertisement
"As 2018 gets underway, nothing has changed with the economic environment that existed for most of the last 24 months," Crawford said. "The key drivers of new vehicle sales remain the continued elevated levels of net immigration, low costs of debt, a strong national economy and a stable government."
Toyota remains the market leader with the highest number of new vehicle registrations - 3270, followed by Ford with 11 per cent of market share and Mazda with 8 per cent market share.
On the commercial vehicle front, Ford remained the holder of the biggest market share, tailed at a total of 808 new vehicle registrations, in front of Toyota with 780 and Holden with 385.
The Toyota Corolla topped the table as the vehicle model with most new registrations followed by the Ford Ranger. There were 958 new Toyota Corollas registered in January and 713 Ford Rangers.
Three Portland city councilors have the legal power and the arrogance to stymie six other councilors, the Council Finance Committee, the unanimous vote of the Portland School Board, and the overwhelming vote of the Ad Hoc School Facilities Committee.
All of those groups have urged that a $64.2 million bond issue be sent to the voters to rebuild or repair Presumpscot, Longfellow, Lyseth, and Reiche elementary schools. The bond issue needs seven affirmative votes on the council.
These three voices brushed off 10 years of support, six other background studies, and overwhelming public support at hearings and via e-mail for first one, and then another, and now all four of these projects.
These three councilors know that several of these schools have been denied state construction funds several times; that the chance of state funds in the next biennium is low; that interest rates and borrowing costs are low and will likely rise in the future, and that the passage of time generally increases construction costs.
These three cling to the thin hope that state construction funds will be available for one or more of these schools, thus reducing the burden on city taxpayers. But they also know that state policy allows schools with emergencies to jump to the head of the state funding line; one or two such emergencies anywhere in the state will doom Portland's chances for state construction money.
They know that recently built or about to be built Portland schools (East End, Ocean Avenue, and Hall) received state funding because emergency conditions existed – mold, safety issues, fire damage. They also know that no such conditions exist in the four schools presently being discussed.
One dissenting councilor would put a $24 million bond issue before the voters to fully fund Lyseth renovations and make minor capital improvements and repairs to seven other schools in the system. This proposal reminds us that the city has erred for some time in not using the annual capital improvement program to make needed repairs to schools, but it totally ignores the fact that three other elementary schools need renovations now.
Two councilors urge adoption of a $31.5 million bond issue to renovate Lyseth and Presumpscot; they would wait to see what the state distribution of school construction funds is in mid-2018 before doing more. This strategy forces us (among four bad apples) to fund and rebuild the least-worst school first, which will preserve our worst schools position on the state's priority list (a position that remains below historical state funding cut-offs).
They further argue that if state funds are not forthcoming, a future council would promptly approve bonds to fund the two remaining schools. But this is problematic, because a future council is not bound to bring a bond issue for the second two schools forward.
They also argue that the time frame for rebuilding these four schools (eight years) would not be altered. But this, too, is misleading; their argument ignores the fact that a $64.2 million bond issue (if approved) leaves all decision making in the hands of the city. We gain back time lost by delays that accompany use of state construction funds.
We obviously can't rebuild four schools simultaneously, but we could gain time by overlapping these projects; we should proceed with the worst schools first, could augment Planning Board staff to meet city/school/neighborhood review and approval processes, and could engage multiple design/engineering and construction firms.
In short, though time frames for construction projects are difficult to predict, it is certainly conceivable that the eight-year completion date for rebuilding these schools could be reduced by a year or two.
But the short-sightedness, the arrogance, the unbending opposition of these three councilors has hung the whole city out to dry. They have ignored reality, colleagues, professionals, thousands of citizens and hundreds of young families. They have delayed the vote on the $64.2 million bond package from June to November (another five months wasted) and have offered the city less than half a loaf.
The message these actions send to businesses and families living in, or thinking about moving to Portland, is appalling. They have demonstrated that power without common sense is ruinous.
Orlando Delogu of Portland is a emeritus professor of law at the University of Maine School of Law and a longtime public policy consultant to federal, state, and local government agencies and officials. He can be reached at orlandodelogu@maine.rr.com.
Amazon has some great one-day deals for various tech components and products, many of which are top sellers on their respective categories. Here are the highlights:
Our favorite performance/value CPU, the Ryzen 7 1700 eliminates out of contention most that both Intel and AMD have going in the $300-500 segment. If you like to overclock, there is little point in purchasing the 1700X at $400 or even the 1800X at $500 given we've found all three Ryzen 7 models hit the same overclock of around 4 to 4.1GHz. However, how about getting the 1700X at the same price of the 1700? We see no issue there.
The Gigabyte Aorus GA-AX370 K7 motherboard is also heavily discounted from $209.99 to $167.99, making for a great option to go with that Ryzen. We had previously recommended a variant of this board in our buying guide as it was one of the more affordable fully featured AM4 boards around along with Asrock's X370 Taichi.
A variant of our favorite gaming keyboard, the Corsair Gaming K70 Lux boasts of great build quality, discreet media keys, Cherry MX red switches, customizable multi-color LED per-key backlighting looks fantastic; large, detachable, textured wrist rest. Usually selling for $140-160, it's currently $115. The numpad-less Corsair Gaming K63 Compact Mechanical is also discounted at just $64.
The Boogie Board is a cool $18 gadget. The 8.5" LCD writing tablet is perfect for to-dos and quick lists. When done, just erase the image with the touch of a button. The tablet consumes no power except when erasing, and it's rated for 50,000 erases which allow for ~3 erases per day for a little more than 45 years.
Tons of gamers swear by their Logitech G13 programmable gameboard, and there's a reason it hasn't changed much over the years. With good ergonomics, backlit keys, and proven durability. The G13 is currently less than $40.
The Elgato Game Capture HD60 comes highly recommended from hardcore streamers. It lets you record your Xbox, PlayStation, or Nintendo gameplay at 1080p quality at 60 fps. It's currently selling well below it's regular asking price.
On the networking front, TP-Link's highly recommended Archer C9 AC1900 router and the mesh networking Netgear Orbi Home (3 pack) are discounted. Neither made our top list in Best of Routers, however they came quite close, so they're certainly worth a look.
The SanDisk Ultra 128GB m3.0 for Android devices is meant to be used as external storage for your smartphone or tablet. Possibly an impulse buy for many (cloud storage is plentiful after all), we see many justifying $28 for the convenience of adding 128GB of mobile storage on the go.To wrap up, two Razer laptops are discounted albeit still going for a premium since these are top models.
The Razer Blade Stealth received our Outstanding award when we reviewed it back in February thanks to its understated premium design, excellent performance and beautiful high-resolution display. Discounted to $1,300 (normally $1,600) this is the top model with 12.5” 4k UHD Touch Display, Intel Core i7-7500U processor and 512GB of solid storage.
The Razer Blade Pro is a tougher pill to swallow at $4000 (already discounted), it gets you a 17" gaming laptop with top of the line hardware: 4K Touchscreen, i7-7820HK, 32 GB RAM, 1TB SSD, GTX 1080 8GB GDDR5X and THX Certified audio.
Innovative packaging equipment makes a big splash at key international trade show
SAN RAFAEL, CA--(Marketwired - October 06, 2017) - PAC Machinery, a leader in the heat sealing and flexible packaging industry, announced today that they have exceeded their goals for introducing new packaging equipment at the PACK EXPO / PHARMA EXPO exhibit and symposium in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA. Described as the year's most comprehensive packaging event, PACK EXPO Las Vegas brings together more than 2,000 exhibitors and 30,000 attendees.
PACK EXPO Las Vegas 2017 was a much-anticipated event that drew visitors from around the globe. PAC Machinery exhibited in the main hall (Booth # C-2405 – 2900 sq. ft.) and greeted visitors from Vietnam, Chile, Panama, Thailand, Canada and several other countries. On display were over 20 flexible packaging machines including the innovative R1275 Vision Automatic Bagger for bulk product counting and bagging, the Rollbag Systems R1285 Velocity Automatic Bagger with integrated printer, and the versatile and affordable Rollbag Systems R3200 Fulfillment Automatic Bagger designed specifically for order fulfillment applications and e-commerce mailing applications.
PAC Machinery used the popular PACK EXPO / PHARMA EXPO symposium to showcase their growing line of validatable medical bag and pouch sealers. Medical product line manager Brian Jobson demonstrated the versatile Vertrod PS Med sealer, which delivers a 48-inch hermetic seal on a variety of medical packaging materials including Tyvek™. The PS Med system features the new MedLogic control system. Brian Jobson explains, "The new control system provides process accuracy of all output parameters required for validation and data backup. The system features real-time monitoring with lock-out function to prevent operation should the machine drift out of pre-determined settings."
"Our enthusiasm for trade show participation has grown significantly as a result of our year-long effort," remarked Greg Berguig, V.P. Sales & Marketing at San Rafael, CA-based PAC Machinery. "The opportunity to meet customers and prospects face-to-face, and discuss their unique packaging applications has proven effective at establishing stronger, more productive relationships with our reseller partners and end-users as well", continued Berguig.
About PAC
PAC Machinery is a privately held company headquartered in San Rafael, California. The company manufactures equipment and materials that are used in the flexible packaging industry. Products include heat sealing equipment, vacuum sealers, automatic baggers, pre-opened bags on a roll, and shrink packaging systems. The company has had its roots in the packaging industry since the early 1950's, and now designs, manufactures and markets products through its family of companies: Packaging Aids, Vertrod, Clamco, Rollbag Systems, PacMed and Converting Technology. PAC Machinery is the exclusive, North American distributor for Audion bag sealers. Manufacturing facilities are located in San Rafael, CA; Berea, OH; and Milwaukee, WI. Contact PAC Machinery at 25 Tiburon Street, San Rafael, CA 94901. Telephone 1(234)222-1000. Email bobg@pacmachinery.com www.pacmachinery.com
Tyvek is a registered trademark of the E. I. du Pont de Nemours Company.
More information about the Vertrod PS Med is available at:
http://www.pacmachinery.com/vertrod/product/vertrod-ps-med-impulse-sealer/
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/10/5/11G146278/Images/IMG_9877-8299d0a12eb7b5799b08f132edf25b56.JPG
Embedded Video Available: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZxU9tf1cks&t=2s
Dillon Dube had four goals and seven points in two games for the Rockets last week. -Image: Marissa Baecker/Shoot the Breeze
Dillon Dube closed out his last regular season in the Western Hockey League in style.
The Kelowna Rockets forward was named Monday as the WHL's player of the week.
Dube, who was selected by the Calgary Flames in the second round, 56th overall, of the 2016 NHL draft recorded seven points (4G-3A) and a plus-five rating in two games this past week as the Rockets closed out their regular season on a five-game winning streak, helping them clinch their seventh B.C. Division title in franchise history.
In their division-clinching game Wednesday at Prospera Place against the Prince George Cougars, Dube recorded a pair of goals and three points in the Rockets' 6-3 victory, scoring Kelowna's second and fourth goals at even strength. He also recorded a primary assist on Kelowna's third goal.
Playing in the Rockets' home and season finale Saturday against the Vancouver Giants, Dube recorded a pair of goals and four points in an 8-1 victory. Dube scored Kelowna's third and sixth goals in the game, picking up one primary and one secondary assist as well.
Dube and the Rockets will open the WHL playoffs Thursday at home to the Tri-City Americans.
To report a typo, email: edit@kelownacapnews.com.
@KelownaCapNews
newstips@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County return to Championship action when they take on Brentford at Pride Park this weekend.
The Rams go into the game on the back of a goalless draw away at Millwall on Tuesday night.
Substitute Ikechi Anya appeared to have earned all three points for Gary Rowett's side with a late winner, only for it to be ruled offside.
Derby sits in second place in the Championship table and are on a ten-game unbeaten run in the league, and have lost only two of their last
In contrast, Brentford are currently 11th in the league table and go into the match at Pride Park on the back of a 1-0 defeat at home to Norwich City.
The last time the Rams faces the Bees was in September when the match ended in a 1-1 draw.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Midfielder Joe Ledley opened the scoring in what was his debut for the club, and Ollie Watkins equalised for Dean Smith's side four minutes from time.
Ahead of the latest clash between these two sides, Sky Sports pundit and former Nottingham Forest midfielder David Prutton has predicted a 2-1 win for the Rams, but expects the game to be a close encounter.
Prutton said: "Derby are still in second but they've drawn a few too many games lately and have a few teams right on their coat-tails again, with Aston Villa, Cardiff and Bristol City all lurking.
"Brentford were dealt a huge blow in their play-off bid last week as they lost at home to Norwich, and will be desperate to get back to winning ways on Saturday.
"It will be a good game at Pride Park, but I just feel like Derby will edge it."
British business leaders have reacted with relief at the agreement of a transition deal between Britain and the EU amid fear firms could have faced a “cliff edge” break when the UK leaves in March 2019.
Following talks in Brussels, the EU's chief negotiator Michel Barnier and Brexit Secretary David Davis said businesses would continue to enjoy unfettered access to the single market and the customs union until the end of 2020.
CBI (Confederation of British Industry) director general Carolyn Fairbairn said the agreement brought “a welcome gift of time” for firms in the UK and the EU.
“Agreeing transition is a critical milestone that will provide many hundreds of businesses with the confidence to put their contingency planning on hold and keep investing in the UK,” she said.
“While some sectors may need more than 20 months to prepare for post-Brexit life, this is a victory for common sense that will help protect living standards, jobs and growth.”
Adam Marshall, director general of the British Chambers of Commerce, said: “While some companies would have liked to see copper-bottomed legal guarantees around the transition, the political agreement reached in Brussels is sufficient for most businesses to plan ahead with a greater degree of confidence.”
Leading Brexiteer and Conservative MP Theresa Villiers also welcomed the agreements in Brussels on the transition period and on future citizens' rights.
Ms Villiers, a former Northern Ireland secretary, expressed concern that the EU's “backstop” position on the Irish border – which would see the North remain in the single market and customs union if there was no wider agreement – remained in the text, but said she believed the issue could be resolved satisfactorily.
“It is only there if the proposed solutions aren't agreed,” she told BBC Radio 4's The World At One.
“I think a good thing about today's announcement is the fact that the border question is not settled isn't holding up progress to the next stage of the negotiations”
However, Labour MP Chuka Umunna – a supporter of the Open Britain group which campaigns against a “hard Brexit” – said the Government had been forced to back down on a series of key demands.
“Despite once claiming they held all the cards in the negotiations, in the end the Brexiters have been prepared to compromise and surrender on almost every single point,” he said.
“On the divorce bill, on the primacy of European law, on freedom of movement, on fisheries, the Government has yet again capitulated.”
Liberal Democrat leader Vince Cable said the agreement did little more than “paper over the cracks” between the two sides.
“We still have little idea of what will happen to the Northern Ireland border, and the Government has been forced to agree a shortened transition period to December 2020,” he said.
Fishermen meanwhile expressed concern that the UK would remain subject to the Common Fisheries Policy (CFP) during the transition period.
Bertie Armstrong, chief executive of the Scottish Fishermen's Federation, said: “This falls far short of an acceptable deal.
“We will leave the EU and leave the CFP, but hand back sovereignty over our seas a few seconds later. Our fishing communities' fortunes will still be subject to the whim and largesse of the EU for another two years.”
– PA
Share it:
Don't Miss
The pink-ball Test could be back on.
The pink-ball Test could be back on.
CRICEKT Australia's bid to secure an Adelaide day-night Test next summer has gained significant momentum with India understood to be playing a pink-ball fixture against West Indies this year.
The Advertiser on Monday revealed Cricket Australia chief executive James Sutherland would employ concerted efforts behind the scenes lobbying at this week's ICC meeting in Kolkata to convince India to play a day-night Test in Adelaide from December 6 this year.
An unnamed Indian media source last Sunday said the BCCI (Indian Cricket Board) had no interest in pursuing day-night Tests.
However, internal conflict within the BCCI often scrambles decision making and messaging.
BCCI acting secretary Amitabh Chaudhary reportedly confirmed at the ICC meeting that one of two Tests - in Hyderabad or Rajkot - against West Indies this year will be played under day-night conditions.
"I had consulted the Indian team management, the selectors, the office bearers and all were in agreement that one of the two Tests against West Indies will be a day-night Test," Chaudhary said.
India initially resisted the introduction of the Twenty20 format until 2007 when it won the inaugural World T20 in South Africa and stubbornly opposed using the Decision Review System until 2016.
All powerful India embracing pink ball Tests would represent another major turnaround.
India captain Virat Kohli.
An India day-night Test to follow the success of New Zealand, South Africa and England would translate as a significant coup for Sutherland.
A Cricket Australia spokesman told The Advertiser that "negotiations were ongoing with India" over the prospect of a day night Test in Adelaide.
India is the last major nation to adopt the day-night cricket phenomenon pioneered by South Australian Cricket Association boss Keith Bradshaw.
China will further tighten controls on individuals' foreign currency purchases to try to curb massive capital flight from the country as the yuan falls sharply against the dollar.
Individuals wishing to convert yuan to foreign currencies will now have to provide more detailed information to their bank, including an explanation of the funds concerned in addition to their identity papers, said the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE), according to AFP.
Each year individuals can convert up to the equivalent of $50,000, a maximum sum that will not change, it said on its website.
The tighter controls are aimed at preventing attempts to circumvent this quota.
The idea is to “combat illegal transactions, money-laundering and clandestine banks,” the agency said, vowing to multiply random checks and toughen its sanctions.
Banks must verify the authenticity of the information provided. In addition, from July, financial institutions will have to report to the central bank any international transfer exceeding 200,000 yuan ($28,800), in order to fight laundering, the central bank announced.
The tighter controls are part of an array of measures taken by the government to curb huge capital outflows.
The equivalent of about $1 trillion was transferred out of China in 2015 and another $690 billion in the first 10 months of 2016, according to Bloomberg Intelligence estimates.
Slower growth in China, the weakness of the yuan and the recent rise in US interest rates are encouraging savers to invest their money in other currencies.
The yuan is at its lowest in eight years against the dollar and the outflows are putting further pressure on the currency.
Authorities are trying to support it by buying yuan, drawing on China's foreign exchange reserves, which fell by nearly $70 billion in November.
Following the death of a Grade 12 student who jumped from the 7th floor of their school last week because of depression, a stage play this Sunday at the University of Southern Philippines Theater Arts to portray its cause and effects, particularly on teenage victims. Students from public and private schools in Cebu City and the province will also undergo depression seminar about this kind of unusual behavior that can be treated through a series of counseling, according to Erika King Datan, a nurse of the Department of Health (DOH-7), said.
Advertisements
Five years ago, Michael Garza was celebrating his 10th year as a police officer in San Antonio, the second largest city in Texas.
The officer, 33, had already built an illustrious career during his decade on the force, dubbed a "natural" by his superiors. He was a two-time winner of the city's Officer of the Year award.
Garza was especially good at undercover work, highly regarded as an officer who could infiltrate gangs and crime syndicates other undercover agents couldn't get near.
It was all going so well.
Advertisement
But, on the night of July 26 in 2012, that shining career came to a crashing halt when he received a text message from a woman he'd been seeing, news.com.au reported.
"Do you think you can be my designated driver so I don't drink & drive?" she wrote, according to documents received by The Washington Post.
He asked her when she needed to be collected.
"Tonight. Drop me off around 10:15. Then pick me up around 1:30 …& have sex after :)" the woman, Abigail Hernandez, replied.
He dropped her at San Antonio's Thirsty Horse Saloon, sending her another text, one of the 40 messages they exchanged that night.
A late-night text-message landed San Antonio police officer Michael Garza in a world of trouble. Photo / San Antonio Police Department
"U looked pretty," he wrote. "Can't wait to c u later. Have fun."
Then, at around 1.30am, Hernandez asked to be picked up.
"OK ma. I got half a crown n seven. Guna chug. B der in bout 13 mins and 27 seconds," Garza wrote to her when she asked to be picked up, later telling investigators in his deposition the text about chugging Crown Whiskey was a joke.
Garza wasn't the only one texting the young mother that night. At the same time, the father of her 20-month-old son, Alfred Aragon, fired off increasingly-frantic messages.
"Why can't you give me five minutes of your time?" he wrote.
"Are you talking to someone else?"
"Please tell me?"
"Please stop ignoring me!!!!"
Hernandez replied, telling him to leave her alone.
Garza arrived at the bar, picking up Hernandez in his police car, an unmarked black Dodge pick-up truck.
When Garza pulled into the carpark of Hernandez's apartment complex, she immediately noticed her ex-boyfriend's car. He was waiting for her.
One of Aragon's daughters, an 11-year-old, would later tell police she had seen her father grab a gun before he told her to go to sleep.
Aragon approached the truck Hernandez and Garza were travelling in, trying to open the passenger door. Garza sped off but eventually the couple headed back to Hernandez's apartment.
Aragon called and Hernandez decided to put him on speaker. After threatening to kill himself, he again approached the passenger window, this time pointing his gun inside.
As Garza rushed away in reverse, he remembered Aragon's chilling words over the phone's speaker.
"Everybody's going to die tonight."
Aragon fired nearly a dozen shots into Garza's vehicle, hitting Hernandez twice.
The two men then became engaged in a car chase, the police officer pursuing Aragon.
Hernandez screamed at Garza, telling him that her son was at Aragon's house, which was where he appeared to be heading.
"Mike looked at me and he was like, 'Are you okay?' " Hernandez later said in her deposition, according to The Washington Post.
"And I remember telling him, 'Yes, but we need to get those kids because he's crazy. He's going to kill himself. He's going to kill everybody, Mike.' And that's when we turned back around and we proceeded to go to Alfred's house."
The door where Alfred Aragon was shot and killed. Phto / KSAT / ABC
Garza denied pursuing Aragon but security cameras disproved this statement.
Aragon parked in his driveway, running towards the house where his three daughters and baby son were sleeping.
Garza screamed, "Police officer! Get on the ground!" later telling investigators he saw Aragon hunching near the door as if reloading.
When Aragon turned towards Garza, the police officer fired. Police would later find nine shell casings, three of which hit Aragon and killed him.
Police would also find Aragon's house keys sitting in his front door, most likely the reason he was hunched over. What they wouldn't find was the 9mm handgun Aragon had used to fire 12 shots into Garza's car.
BETWEEN A ROCK AND A HARD PLACE
The shooting between Garza and Aragon was the third shooting the police officer had been involved in while on the job.
Immediately after the incident, Garza was placed on indefinite suspension by the city's police chief William McManus.
That suspension, which is tantamount to a termination, was later reversed by an arbitrator.
The arbitrator ruled Garza should instead receive a 15-day suspension and then be returned to duty.
"The actions of this officer were not reflective of the great work our 2200 officers do on a daily basis. I'm embarrassed and dismayed that an arbitrator would give Michael Garza his job back. He will not be returning to any position where he interacts with the public," said Deputy Chief Anthony Trevino.
San Antonio's City Manager Sheryl Sculley mirrored the words of Deputy Trevino, telling KSAT Newsin 2015 she was "appalled".
"I am appalled that an arbitrator has given Michael Garza, who was fired by Chief McManus in 2012, his job back. Officer Garza was drinking while on duty, was not truthful and did not follow departmental rules the evening he shot and killed someone," she said.
In a statement to the Washington Post, Chief McManus said the overturning of a police chief's decision "undermines the chief's authority, erodes the public's trust in law enforcement and is disruptive to the good order of the department".
Despite Garza not being fired for the shooting, his burgeoning career in the force — including potentially being made a detective — have gone up in smoke.
Garza now spends his days at the city's headquarters, out of uniform and filing paperwork.
"They're basically taking paperclips off paper, filing paperwork or making copies for somebody," police union president Mike Helle told the publication.
"He might as well be a clerk. You took a good cop that made a lot of good cases and you just put him on a bookshelf. Are you really even a cop anymore at that point?"
Irma Aragon, 70, visits her son's grave weekly after attending church. Photo / Ilana Panich-Linsman
And despite Garza's shooting of Aragon eventually deemed justifiable after a four-month police investigation, it's the other violations from that night that landed Garza in the "rubber gun squad".
The family of Aragon, including his niece Ashley Garcia, 26, fought hard for Garza to lose his job. They eventually dropped their legal claim against the police officer this year, considering Aragon was the first to fire gunshots.
Despite that, Garcia said they will always struggle with the fact that Garza is still a police officer.
"If you can get away with all that, what else can you get away with?" she said. "What else can any other cop get away with?"
BEIRUT (AP) — Three years ago, Ahmad Mohsin was forced to relocate his campsite in Lebanon's Bekaa Valley after soldiers raided the community of Syrian refugees where he lived and smashed their belongings. The message was clear, he said: they were not wanted.
On Tuesday, Mohsin, 39, was preparing to break down his camp again, after an order came from the security services to move once more.
Even as donor nations raise money for Syria's neighbors to host refugees of the country's civil war, a leading international rights group and the U.N.'s refugee agency say Lebanese authorities are evicting refugees from towns and camps in the country on questionable legal grounds.
Mohsin, from Syria's third largest city Homs, said on the second order to move he went to a local official to ask for help.
Advertisement
"He said, go back to Syria," said Mohsin. Neither the local official nor the military could be reached for comment.
Human Rights Watch said it documented evictions in 13 towns and villages putting more than 3,600 Syrians on the streets since 2016. It said the Lebanese Army uprooted another 7,500 refugees near a military base around Christmas 2017.
Meanwhile, the country's General Security apparatus, which handles border security, arranged for 500 refugees in the Shebaa farms area to return to their villages in western Syria, one week ago. The U.N. did not participate in the operation, saying it did not believe Syria was safe enough for returnees. (The refugees said on Lebanese media they were returning voluntarily.)
In Lebanon's eastern Bekaa Valley, the Army can designate areas as military zones and close them off to campsites. Their boundaries are rarely clear and appear to shift without notice.
Mohsin said he was informed by military intelligence that his campsite sits on a "military corridor." The camp is approximately 8 kilometers (5 miles) from the Riyaq air base linked to the Christmas evictions.
In 2015, soldiers raided the camp in its old location looking for Mohsin, the camp's foreman, and announced they wanted the tents moved immediately. Afraid, Mohsin denied his own identity.
"The soldiers went through the homes, beating down the doors, breaking things," he said. "Then he started saying things to us, things I don't know how to repeat now, things that really bothered us."
They moved to their present site, just a few hundred meters (yards) away, and along the same dirt road now deemed off-limits.
A local business owner who is developing a private park along the same road said he was aware the area was designated as a 'military zone' but said he didn't expect any restrictions on his venture.
Omar Elmais said he hoped to pave the road and light it along the way to his park, which he said would include a pond and an entertainment area.
Ibrahim Samaha, the owner of the land where Mohsin's community keeps camp, said he received the necessary permits to let the Syrians move to another spot of land away from the road. He also confirmed that the military had uprooted the community in 2015.
According to the U.N.'s refugee agency, UNHCR, 1,300 Syrian families were evicted from their camps and homes in the Bekaa Valley in 2017. It said close to sixty percent of the evictions were ordered by the military intelligence. Another 30 percent were ordered by local officials.
Ziad El Sayegh, an adviser to the Lebanese minister of refugee affairs, said new campgrounds were found for the refugees evicted from around Riyaq air base.
"In fact the army undertook to protect these refugees, like it protects the Lebanese people," he told The Associated Press.
There are nearly a million Syrian refugees living in Lebanon, according to the U.N., and an estimated 70 percent of them live in poverty.
Though President Bashar Assad in neighboring Syria appears to have put down the revolt against him, the U.N. and rights groups say the country is still not safe for refugee return.
The country has suffered catastrophic damage, and many men say they are afraid they will be arrested when they return, on charges of fleeing military conscription.
Meanwhile, Lebanese politicians say their country has been strained under the weight of the refugees, who together with a Palestinian refugee population of 175,000, make up roughly one fifth of the country's population — the highest portion in the world.
And with national elections less than two weeks away, politicians are making the refugees into a ballot box issue.
Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil, who leads President Michel Aoun's Free Patriotic Movement party and is the president's son-in-law, said in January it was time for refugees to return home.
It is a common refrain among the country's Christian politicians, who are playing on fears in Lebanon that the overwhelmingly Muslim Syrian refugee population is a threat to Lebanon's national identity.
Meanwhile, local officials in Lebanon are throwing Syrians out of their towns in a violation of their rights as refugees and residents, said Human Rights Watch.
The rights group said it was a worrying trend, at the time of an international donors' summit in Belgium to support Lebanon and other countries neighboring Syria.
Local officials in several municipalities ordered Syrians out en masse, posting eviction notices on their doors, and sometimes sending the police to physically intimidate the refugees if they did not comply, said Human Rights Watch.
The evictions did not appear to have the formal support of the national government, nor any legal basis. Human Rights Watch called on national authorities to step in and stop the evictions.
Syrians face numerous barriers to employment, education and housing in Lebanon, with many forced to live under the radar because Lebanon ordered the U.N.'s refugee commission to halt refugee registrations in 2015.
"Right now, Syrian refugees do not have the guarantee that they are safe in their homes," said Bassam Khawaja, a Lebanon researcher for Human Rights Watch.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Dried Flowers Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Koos Lamboo Dried & Deco, Broome Beck Flower Farm, Winter Flora, Tweefontein Herb Farm, Quanzhou Yilida Dried Flowers Co., Ltd., Cherry Valley Organic.
The Dried Flowers Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Dried Flowers industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-dried-flowers-market/10139/#requestforsample
The Dried Flowers Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Dried Flowers Market Products Type Segmentation : Air-Drying Flowers, Press-Drying Flowers, Embedded-Drying Flowers, Oven-Drying Flowers, Glycerine-Drying Flowers, Freeze-Drying Flowers.
Dried Flowers Market Applications Segmentation : Food Industry, Medical Industry, Decoration, Sachets, Bathing and Other Body Care, Other Applications.
Key Highlights of the Dried Flowers Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-dried-flowers-market/10139/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Dried Flowers market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
At 10 games, the Okanagan College Coyotes already have the longest winning streak this season in the Canadian College Baseball Conference.
Geoff White's club will look to extend its run of prosperity Wednesday night in Kamloops with two games against the TRU Wolfpack.
OC (12-5) is coming off a convincing four-game sweep of the University of Calgary Dinos, scoring 37 runs in the process.
On Sunday at Elks Stadium, the Coyotes opened the series with an 11-4 win. Davis Todosichuk went 5-for-5 and scored four runs. On the mound, Chris Wyslobocki seven innings for the win.
In Game 3, Noah Wood-Jolivet had two hits and two RBIs in a 12-7 victory. Jesse Poniwozik pitched four innings of scoreless relief.
On Monday, Eric Junnola had two hits and three RBIs as the Coyotes prevailed 10-6 over the Dinos. OC stole nine bases, including three by Todosichuk. Zac Yandeau pitched six innings for the win.
In the series finale, Cole Parusinni tossed a complete game six-hitter for his third win in a 4-2 OC victory. Jake Fischer paced the offense with three hits and two RBIs.
The Coyotes will return home Friday for a doubleheader against the University of Fraser Valley Cascades. Games go at 1 and 4 p.m. at Elks Stadium.
There's nothing like a good quiz to get competitive family and friends' pulses racing over Christmas. So here, just for fun, are 12 festive teasers.
Try them yourself, then save them to test visitors with as the sherry flows on December 25.
- Above is this week's "After Impact" video with Josh Mathews and Scott D'Amore looking back at last night's Impact Wrestling episode.
- There's been talk of Lucha Underground star Sami Callihan being signed to Impact soon, according to The Wrestling Observer Newsletter. Sami worked WWE NXT from 2013-2015 as Solomon Crowe. His WWE run never got going and he was cut in November 2015 after requesting his release.
- The LAX will get their rematch from Impact Global Tag Team Champions oVe in a 5150 Street Fight. It appears the match will take place at Bound For Glory but they have officially announced it. The match was announced in this video from last night's show:
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
A Real IRA leader has been jailed for eleven and a half years for his role in a bomb plot during the...
5 most common toxins found in California drinking water
These five common contaminants are most likely to be found in California's drinking water. See what they are and how they impact the health of the people that consume the water that they contaminate.
The poor flame-headed singer hasn't had much luck at the Grammys recently.
The 25-year-old Shape of You singer brought the house down at the Grammys this week when he performed the song live at the awards ceremony.
But apparently that's just not good enough if you're looking to get into one of the exclusive Grammy after parties.
He was recently interviewed on On Air With Ryan Seacrest and revealed that he has been turned away from after parties "four years in a row. And that's not just my label's after-party! That's after parties in general."
It's not that the bouncers don't recognise the star, it's simply because the parties get full up so quickly after the awards end.
And it's not just Ed that was given the cold shoulder, actor Adrien Brody and DJ Pete Tong also didn't make the cut.
How annoying would that be!
He moaned "You know what I don't get? When you walk into those parties, there's probably four musicians there and everyone else is just people from LA who didn't go to the Grammys and probably just want a party to go to".
Don't worry Ed you can come to any of our parties!
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's here, the moment you've been waiting for since 2018 began.
January payday is the most anticipated and beloved of all our paychecks.
How can one month be so long?
To celebrate how flash the people of Birmingham are set to feel this week, Deliveroo is revealing the most impressive big ticket dishes available on Deliveroo in the city.
And, impressively locals can get them delivered to their door in 30 minutes.
(Image: PA)
Deliveroo is an award-winning delivery service founded in 2013 by William Shu and Greg Orlowski.
The food-on-the-go service works with over 30,000 best-loved restaurants, as well as over 30,000 riders to provide the best food delivery experience in the world.
Deliveroo is headquartered in London, with more than 800 employees in offices around the globe, but has been deploying food to famished Brummies for a number of years now.
Joe Groves at Deliveroo said: “Birmingham has one of the most diverse and exciting foodie scenes in the UK, we wanted to share a little slice of the more luxurious items available to Deliveroo customers - just incase they feel like splurging after a month of tightening their purse strings”.
Find out the latest deals with Deliveroo here
Birmingham's 5 most impressive dishes:
Set Sushi Menu B (4 People To Share) from Sabai Sabai - £119.80
3 Day Juice Cleanse (Cold-Pressed) from U-Juice - £78.00
Otoro (Party Set, 48 Pieces) Otoro Sushi from Bullring - £75.00
(Image: Graham Young)
President's Platter from Asha's - £69.95
(Image: TripAdvisor)
Laurent-Perrier Cuvée Rosé from Connolly's Wine - £69.55
Meanwhile rival delivery service UberEats has expanded its range in Birmingham. So more homes can now use it.
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — The window opened Friday for oil, gas, uranium and coal companies to make requests or stake claims to lands that were cut from two sprawling Utah national monuments by President Trump in December —but there doesn't appear to be a rush to seize the opportunities.
For anyone interested in the uranium on the lands stripped from the Bears Ears National Monument, all they need to do is stake a few corner posts in the ground, pay a $212 initial fee and send paperwork to the federal government under a law first created in 1872 that harkens back to the days of the Wild West.
They can then keep rights to the hard minerals, including gold and silver, as long as they pay an annual fee of $155.
It was unclear if anyone was doing that Friday.
Advertisement
The Bureau of Land Management declined repeated requests for information about how they're handling the lands and how many requests and claims came in.
The agency says it must comply with a complex web of other laws and management plans.
Steve Bloch, legal director of the Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance, said he was told by the BLM Friday afternoon that inquiries were made but no claims sent in.
He said other conservation groups that have sued to block the downsized monument boundaries are watching closely to ensure no lands are disturbed in the short-term, hoping a judge will side with them and return the monuments to the original boundaries.
Two of the largest uranium companies in the U.S. — Ur-Energy Inc. and Energy Fuels Resources Inc. — said they have no plans to mine there. The price of uranium, which has fallen to about $22 per pound — down from more than $100 in the mid-2000s — would "discourage any investment in new claims," said Luke Popovich, a spokesman for the National Mining Association.
Colorado-based Energy Fuels asked for a reduction of Bears Ears last year in a public comment, but spokesman Curtis Moore said in a statement that the company has higher priorities elsewhere. He noted the lands were open to claims for 150 years prior to President Barack Obama creating the national monument in 2016.
"There probably isn't any land available for staking that would be of much interest to anyone," Moore said.
In Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument — part of a major coal reserve that a company was preparing to mine before President Bill Clinton protected the lands in 1996 — has been made available again but it appears unlikely any company will immediately jump at the chance this time.
Out-of-state demand for Utah's coal had led to a drop in coal production to about 14 million tons in 2017, down from about 27 million tons in the mid-2000s, said Michael Vanden Berg, energy and mineral program manager at the Utah Geological Survey.
"If a new mine were to open, it would be competing with existing mines in Utah for limited demand," Vanden Berg said.
Popovich called it "doubtful given market conditions and other factors" that companies interested in coal would put in a lease request.
Vanden Berg noted that a potential coal port in Oakland, California, could open up an Asian market and that technology could be developed to change market forces.
There's some potential for oil and gas at Grand Staircase, Vanden Berg said. But Kathleen Sgamma, president of an oil and gas industry group called Western Energy Alliance, said heavy oil shale in the area would require an intensive mining operation that doesn't make sense in today's market.
"There's no fracking trucks at the border waiting to rush in," Sgamma said.
President Trump downsized the Bears Ears National Monument by about 85 percent and Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument by nearly half. It earned him cheers from Republican leaders in Utah who lobbied him to undo protections by Democratic presidents that they considered overly broad.
Bears Ears, created nearly a year ago, will be reduced to 315 square miles (815.85 sq. kilometers). Grand Staircase-Escalante will be reduced from nearly 3,000 square miles (7770 sq. kilometers) to 1,569 square miles (4063.71 sq. kilometers).
Conservation groups called it the largest elimination of protected land in American history.
NEW YORK (AP) " Dick Clark Productions is hitting back against Mariah Carey's claim it sabotaged her live performance on its "New Year's Rockin' Eve" special.
Carey's disaster during the annual New Year's Eve special made international headlines: The superstar vocally stumbled through her short set in Times Square, failing to sing for most of it despite a pre-recorded track of her songs playing in the background.
Carey was visibly upset during the performance and afterward tweeted "(expletive) happens."
Carey representative Nicole Perna blames technical difficulties. In an interview with Billboard she said Dick Clark Productions hampered Carey's performance and "set her up to fail."
The production company calls such claims "absurd."
Marcus Ericsson says extra weight has held him back in 2017.
The Swede said the fact he weighs 10 kilograms more than teammate Pascal Wehrlein explains the pace difference between the two Sauber drivers.
"He has the numbers on his side," said Ericsson, who is now fighting to keep his seat at the Swiss team notwithstanding his links to the Sauber owners.
"I'm ten kilos over the limit and he's at zero — and it's a big difference," he explained.
"It's a lot of laptime lost every single lap."
Ericsson admits he is now under "pressure" to keep his seat, particularly amid reports his chances of a switch to Williams are low.
So it seems his options now are staying at Sauber or leaving F1.
"I like the Indycar series," Ericsson said. "I like to go fast, and on high speed tracks I am strong, so it would be cool."
Kiwi opera singing legend Dame Kiri Te Kanawa has been awarded New Zealander of the Year 2018 by the New Zealand Society of the United Kingdom.
The winner of the prestigious award was announced at the New Zealand Society's Waitangi Day Charity Ball in London today.
Unfortunately Dame Kiri Te Kanawa wasn't able to attend the award ceremony due to being ill.
The New Zealand Society of the United Kingdom said they will hold another event later in the year to present the award to her.
The award recognises the efforts and contribution made by a New Zealand or British national in promoting the country's interest in the UK.
The President of the New Zealand Society (UK), Ms Kerryn Beeching said, "The New Zealand Society and our sponsor partner Air New Zealand are thrilled to confirm the presentation of this prestigious award to Dame Kiri Te Kanawa in recognition of her tireless work through the Kiri Te Kanawa Foundation."
"The Foundation is both the guiding light and the solid foundation from which young New Zealand singers' presence and brilliance on the international stage is championed.
"This year the Judging Panel were spoilt with a list of uncommonly-deserving nominees, all of whom happened to be women for the first time since the inception of the Award in 1999.
"Even from within this stellar group, Dame Kiri's contribution to the valued bonds that tie the UK and NZ together is exceptional.
"Dame Kiri may have retired from public performance, but her influence, energy, expertise and passion is very much a current and driving force in both developing and shining a light on young NZ singing talent on the world stage, and for that we are delighted to recognise her with the UK New Zealander of the Year Award in 2018.”
The beloved New Zealand opera singer hasn't taken to the stage in more than a year, and in an interview with the BBC last September, said she wouldn't ever again.
"I don't want to hear my voice," said the 73-year-old soprano.
"It is in the past. When I'm teaching young singers and hearing beautiful young fresh voices, I don't want to put my voice next to theirs."
She said she would focus on training the next generation through her foundation.
Her final concert was near Melbourne last October.
Dame Kiri has appeared at all the world's major opera houses.
Thank you for following Wednesday's LIVE Derby County blog from Derbyshire Live.
We kept you up to date with all the Rams' transfer activity as it happens, with the club's first outgoing announced yesterday as Andreas Weimann left Pride Park Stadium to join Championship rivals Bristol City.
Florian Jozefzoon was linked with a move from Brentford - with a report suggesting Derby had a bid of around £1.5 million rejected. Craig Bryson's future has once again been the subject of speculation - and we have more for you below.
There's all that and more from a full day's work covering every inch of the Rams in Wednesday's live rolling blog.
We want you to get involved with tomorrow's blog by tweeting us @dcfc_live or joining the conversation on Facebook . You can also leave us a comment below.
Canadian whistleblower Christopher Wylie is at the centre of an international scandal that allegedly helped the Trump campaign capitalize politically from private Facebook information. (The Canadian Press)
Canadian expert says his analytics company helped Trump campaign capitalize on private Facebook info
The federal privacy watchdog says he's concerned about the possibility that the personal information of Facebook users was harvested for political purposes.
Privacy Commissioner Daniel Therrien says his office will contact Facebook to find out whether the personal information of Canadians was affected by a major data leak involving the global social media platform.
A Canadian data expert named Christopher Wylie has exposed the breach in media interviews, saying he helped found a data analytics company that helped the Trump campaign capitalize politically on private Facebook information.
READ MORE: Canadian internet users looking more beyond Google and Facebook, report says
In a statement today, Therrien says his office has also offered to assist an investigation into the matter already launched by the U.K. information commissioner's office.
Therrien says his ultimate goal is to ensure that the privacy rights of Canadian Facebook users are protected.
Reports by The New York Times and The Observer of London say U.S. President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign hired data-analytics company Cambridge Analytica to collect private information from the Facebook profiles of more than 50 million users.
“Recent media reports regarding the use of personal information posted on Facebook for political purposes raise serious privacy concerns,” Therrien said in the statement.
“Our office will be reaching out to Facebook to seek information regarding whether Canadians' personal information was affected by the issues raised in those reports. That will help us determine possible next steps.”
The Canadian Press
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) — A capital murder charge has been dismissed against a North Texas man in the death of his 2-year-old daughter, after prosecutors learned her then-5-year-old brother said he caused her death.
Anthony Michael Sanders was accused of smothering his daughter, Ellie Mae, at their home in the Fort Worth suburb of Watauga in 2015. Investigators believed Sanders held his hand over her mouth out of anger for her interrupting his computer games.
Jailed since April 2016, Sanders denied responsibility. He said he found his daughter not breathing after his son reported she wouldn't wake up.
The Fort Worth Star-Telegram reports prosecutors recently learned the boy told his mother he was responsible. Investigators say the boy cried as he told them he accidentally rolled a heavy pillow onto his sister's face while they played and it was too heavy for him to move.
Recently a residential property buyer hired a oil tank company to perform a tank sweep. They used a Metal Detector wand type of instrument. A oil tank was found 4 feet below surface and was leaking.
Contact
Environmental Systems
732-892-8707
info@depenvirosystems.com Environmental Systems732-892-8707
End
-- If the buyer had hired a Environemntal Compnay that has Geotechnical Experts on staff that use Ground Penetrating Radar ( GPR) thss mater could have be avoided. Thr remediation costs for this property exceeded $ 50000.. Many home inspectors and oilt ank companies use a metal detector wanda to search for buried tanks. These instruments are not sensitive and may miss tanks buried below 2 feet, tanks located under concrete and asphalt, Ground Penetrating Radar can identify metallic and non metallic objects down to the depth of 18 feet. The cost for Ground Penetrating Radar Scan oil tank sweep is about $300-400 depending upon location. Environmental Systems is a Environmental Company that provides Tank Locating, Tank Testing, Removal and Remediation services. Environmental Systems has Licensed Site Remediation Professionals ( LSRPs) to handle commercial and residential oil and gas tank problems. Environmental Systems has been business for over 22 years solving Environmental Prpblems.To obtain addition ainformation contact Environmental Systems at 732-892-8707 or visit our website at depenvirosystems.com
Leicester have sacked director of rugby Richard Cockerill, with head coach Aaron Mauger taking “interim charge” at Welford Road.
The Tigers have dropped out of the Aviva Premiership's play-off berths after consecutive defeats to Exeter and Saracens, following closely from the record 38-0 European defeat at the hands of Munster.
Former England hooker Cockerill has coached at Leicester since 2004 and took the full reins as rugby director in 2010.
Leicester's slender 16-12 defeat to Saracens at Welford Road on New Year's Day proved the final straw for the Tigers board, who have moved swiftly to unseat their former front-rower Cockerill.
“It is with great sadness and regret that I leave my position as director of rugby with immediate effect,” said Cockerill.
“I still believe that I am the right person to lead the team at this present time but respect the board's decision to make the change as they see fit in the best interests of the club.
“I wish to thank the club and in particular (chief executive) Simon Cohen and (chairman) Peter Tom for giving me the opportunity to lead this great club and the support they have given me in the last seven years.
“I arrived back at the club in 2004 as an academy coach and leave as director of rugby with a record that speaks for itself and stands up against any in club rugby in the world.
“This club has made me the person and the coach I am today and I will never forget what they have done for me.
“I wish (club captain) Tom Youngs and the team the very best for the future and will miss being part of the Tigers family.”
Former All Blacks centre Mauger will take coaching control while Leicester launch their search for Cockerill's successor.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Tigers head coach Aaron Mauger will be in interim charge of team affairs working with coaches Richard Blaze and Geordan Murphy and the existing support staff,” read Leicester's statement.
“The board will also conduct a review of the coaching structure to determine an appropriate way forward.”
Cockerill made 262 appearances as a hooker at Leicester between 1992 and 2002, winning five league titles, two domestic cups and back-to-back European crowns.
The 46-year-old, who won 27 caps for England, returned to Leicester after a spell in France, working through the coaching hierarchy before taking overall control in 2010.
Cockerill led Leicester to the Premiership final in 2011 and 2012, before his Tigers side lifted the league title in 2013.
“We thank Richard for his loyal and dedicated service as a player, coach and director of rugby,” said Leicester chairman Tom.
“He has a great passion for the club and for the game of rugby, and has shared in many massive occasions with the Tigers.
“The club always has aspirations to contest the major honours in the game and that remains unchanged but the board believes this is the right time to make a change.”
Automotive Telematics Technology- Making machines a helping hand
Automotive Telematics Market.
Contact
Rebecca Cooper
+1-646-568-7747
***@goldsteinresearch.com Rebecca Cooper+1-646-568-7747
End
-- On the back of rising popularity of connected cars in developed countries, global automotive telematic market is expected to expand at a higher pace in upcoming future. Government initiatives to introduce telematics systems into automobiles are one of the key factors which is propelling the growth of automotive telematics market all across the globe. The global automotive sensors market is expected to expand at a CAGR of 24.2% over the forecast period i.e. 2016-2024. The global automotive sensors market is accounted for USD 17.38 billion in 2015 and anticipated to reach USD 98.76 billion by 2024. With a dominating market share of 34%, North-America dominates the global automotive telematics market closely followed by Europe with 28% global share. The automotive telematics market in Asia-Pacific region is estimated to grow at a strong CAGR in the upcoming future.o Embedded Deviceso Tethered Deviceso Smartphone Integrationo Vehicle-to-Vehicleo Vehicle-to-Infrastructureo In-Vehicleo E-Call and roadside Assistanceo Vehicle Diagnosticso Infotainmento Stolen Vehicle Trackingo Fleet Managemento Other (Toll Collection and Road Charges etc.)o North America (US, Canada)o Europe (UK, France, Italy, Germany, Spain, Hungary, Sweden, Russia, Poland and Rest of Europe)o Middle East and Africa (GCC, North Africa, South Africa and Rest of the Middle East & Africa)o Latin America (Brazil, Mexico and Rest of Latin America)o Asia Pacific (China, Japan, India, Singapore, South Korea, Australia, New Zealand and Rest of Asia-Pacific)o Rest of the Worldcontains detailed overview of the global automotive telematics market in terms of market segmentation by technology, by vehicle types. Further, for the in-depth analysis, the report encompasses the industry growth drivers, market challenges, risk analysis, market attractiveness, BPS (Base Point Scale) analysis, Porter's five force model and SWOT analysis. This market report also includes provides competitive outlook of some of the major players of the global automotive telematics market which includes profiling of companies of AT&T Inc., Telefonica, Telenor Connexion, BMW AG, General Motors, FCA Group, Tesla Motors, Airbiquity Inc., Agero Inc., Continental AG, Verizon etc. The company profiles include business strategy, geographical revenue distribution, major information of the companies which encompasses business outlook, products, services and industries catered, financial analysis of the company and recent developments. Overall, the report represents comprehensive synopsis on the global automotive telematics market that will help industry consultants, equipment manufacturers, existing players searching for expansion opportunities, new players searching possibilities and other stakeholders to align their market centric strategies according to the ongoing and expected trends in the future.Based in the US,currently has a strong presence in the American and Asian countries. In the next five years, we strive to expand our reach to 50+ nations spanning across Europe, Asia and parts of the Middle East and Africa. We strive to realize a strong brand presence globally through our quality research and forecasting solutions. Our mission is simple: to develop insightful business solutions, help our clients make powerful future decisions to keep them well ahead of the game which is the market, and leave a mark across businesses and communities through our well-defined ideas and clear-cut forecasts. Backed up by reliable research and impactful statistics, our business solutions empower our clients to grow at a fast pace despite unsettling fluctuations in the market. We believe in vigorous examination of the current market scenario and build around creative ideas and approaches that are most suitable to our clients' needs and business agenda.Steve Blade(Global Sales Head)USA: + 1-646-568-7747Canada: 1-437-886-1181UK: +44-203-318-6627sales@goldsteinresearch.comwww.goldsteinresearch.com
New Year's resolutions are made and then, suddenly, it's February.
Tauranga and Western Bay gyms say they are expecting an influx of new members this month as summer breaks wrap up and untouched exercise goals beckon.
Meanwhile, more than 100 Bay smokers have already taken their first step towards kicking the habit in 2018 and Tauranga Budget Advisory Service is busy helping people set financial goals after an expensive festive season.
Sue McBurney, manager of Oceanblue Health and Fitness Club in Papamoa, said the next two weeks would be a busy period for new gym memberships.
Advertisement
"I think people are still pretty much in holiday mode over January. The kids are still off school and people are still on holidays."
She said the increase in join-ups was usually sparked by New Year's resolutions and "probably a bit of overindulgence over the festive season".
Aspire Health and Sports' Ali Witschke said a rise in memberships at the Bethlehem gym was also usually seen in February.
She said people realise a month has passed since the New Year started and decide they had better carry out their resolutions.
"They do get back into a routine once the kids are at school and things."
Co-owner of The Gym Tauranga Lisa Chan agreed and said once schools go back, parents generally have more time to do things for themselves.
"It's always a popular time of year for people to want to come and join a gym because of being summer, and people want to get out and about and feel confident and have lots of energy."
Other people wanting to improve their health in 2018 were trying to quit smoking.
Quitline has been contacted by 135 people from Bay of Plenty so far this year.
"January is a busy time of year for Quitline. What we often hear from callers is they take this time of year to focus on setting a New Year's goal to be smoke-free," the organisation's chief executive Andrew Slater said.
"We see our biggest influx of calls around this period."
He said tax increases get peoples' attention and, along with family and health, that was a key factor in encouraging people to give up smoking.
"Increasingly in 2018 many people are turning to e-cigarettes to help give up smoking. Quitline can support anyone using e-cigarettes as part of their quit journey."
Slater said e-cigarettes were a good option for some in the arsenal of tools that can be used to quit.
Tauranga Budget Advisory Service manager Diane Bruin said her organisation was also finding people making good commitments already – giving up smoking and getting fit physically and financially.
She said it was an especially busy time of year when bills come in from the Christmas spend that need to be addressed.
"For many, there is the added cost of children going back to school but more generally a lot of people have extended themselves at Christmas and overspent.
"A lot have acquired additional loans pre-Christmas and are now not sure how they will pay off extra debt."
Pounding the pavement with pooches
Christine Rudden from The Gym Tauranga will be leading the way at new dog running classes, which start tomorrow. Photo/Andrew Warner
Co-owner of The Gym Tauranga, Lisa Chan, says more and more people want exercise that fits into their lifestyle.
"They want efficient training that they can be in and out in a short amount of time and get the results they want."
Chan said making exercise fun, interesting and flexible means gym goers are more likely to continue what they start.
"We're just looking at different ways to get people exercising. It doesn't necessarily need to be within four walls. It can be outside in the community."
Her gym is also looking at ways to involve family in exercise and tomorrow is starting dog running classes.
Every Sunday at 8am a group of people and their pooches go for an hour-long run together.
"People love running with their dogs so if they have the opportunity to do that in a group then hopefully it gives them motivation," Chan said.
The group run will navigate a different route each Sunday and gym staff will be there to help.
The initiative is also open for non-dog owners keen to run with them.
Chan said there has already been a lot of interest.
On the street: What was your New Year's resolution?
"That I come to New Zealand for three months every year."
Tony Apps, 72, Birmingham, England
"To eat healthier this year."
Donna Howitt, 58, Otumoetai
"To give up cigarettes."
Scotty Walden, 39, Pyes Pa
"I don't do New Year's resolutions these days; I just like to keep a short list of things to live by."
Rose Riley, 53, Matapihi
"Act more responsibly and like an adult. Becoming 20 soon, got to start to be responsible, I guess."
Liam Kenter, 19, Timaru
Tips for 2018 from Tauranga Budget Advisory Service manager Diane Bruin
•Reduce your debt by paying more than the minimum. When the highest interest debt item is repaid, continue to reduce other debts.
•Prepare for Christmas now. Ten dollars a week can be $500 or more at Christmas.
•Take up interest-free credit cards to repay existing card debt. Set up repayment plans to pay the cards off in the interest-free period.
•Set a plan. What do you want to save for? How much will it cost and how much will you need to save weekly to achieve that?
•Have a buddy who can keep you on track towards your end financial goal. Seek assistance with a financial mentor to get you started.
•Good incomes can make it easier to spend more but also get people into financial trouble quickly.
•Write a budget based on your current spending. Get your bank statement and identify how much you spend now. This is the biggest eye opener for many and can change your spending habits.
•Write your ideal budget and set spending amounts. Reward yourself on your saving and reduction in debt as milestones are reached.
If you are certain that all sevendollarclick.com reviews that you stumble upon are accurate, you should know that this is not actually the case and that believing everything you read is going to lead you on the wrong path. When you read a negative review, they do not tell you anything about the real sevendollarclick.com payments of proof that you can see on the actual website. That is why you should forget about visiting any other site and just read the content that you can find on the platform.
Here is where you have access to everything you need from information regarding their strict rules to sevendollarclick.com reviews. If you are wondering what makes these reviews so important, you should know that by reading them you are able to learn exactly how amazing this platform really is. That is possible due to the fact that the website and its money earning opportunities are presented by people just like you that have made money from home.
Even though you can find reviews all over the internet, you should make sure that you read just the ones that you find on the actual website. This way, you know for sure that all the information you come across is true. This is the same place where you can see sevendollarclick.com payments of proof. When you first learn that there are so many people who have gotten at least $7000 transferred to their bank accounts, your first impulse is to think that this website is too good to be true.
Well, after reading all the content available here you will realize that this platform is the real deal and that there is no reason for you to continue digging for information on other websites. Otherwise, you will find some unpleasant reviews that will ultimately convince you to not even try. That would be a shame seeing as there are so many individuals that have managed to earn a lot of money in a matter of weeks or months depending on how many hours they devoted to this activity.
Interesting enough, you can also reach the withdrawal limit requested by the website by relying on referrals as well. Truth being told, it is always a great idea to have all the facts before deciding if a certain opportunity is worth your attention. Well, when it comes to this particular website, you should not wait any longer before you actually create your free account. This way, you will be able to begin clicking on ads and get a lot of money transferred to your bank account sooner rather than later. Visit the website and tell others about it!
If you do not want to waste your time looking for the best sevendollarclick.com reviews (https://sevendollarclick.com), you should know that you do not have to do anything other than just pay our website a visit. Here is where you will also come across sevendollarclick.com payments of proof (https://sevendollarclick.com) that will convince you of just how easy it is to make money from home!
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround his suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when he tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. He later said he was trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for his love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while he was in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified him as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but he died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesman Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given his sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if he was killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune he handled, or that he was the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," he says.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
Larry Nance Jr. was named as one of the participants for the 2018 Verizon Slam Dunk Contest on Thursday night. The next day, he wore the perfect shirt to the Lakers game.
Nance had a shirt showing an illustration of his dad from when he beat out Julius Erving and Dominique Wilkins to win the first Dunk Contest in 1984.
Like father, like son pic.twitter.com/htmByepqqv — Los Angeles Lakers (@Lakers) February 2, 2018
This is great!
2018 NBA Dunk Contest contestant Larry Nance Jr wearing a shirt with an illustration of his Dad, 1984 NBA Dunk Contest champion Larry Nance! pic.twitter.com/TX3CRiiPtD — Ballislife.com (@Ballislife) February 2, 2018
“It's pretty cool to have a former champion on my side,” Nance said to reporters. “Not bad advice from that guy right there … The ideas have been brewing since I got in the league. I wanted to do it the first year, couldn't, second year, couldn't, so I've been sitting on some in my back pocket for a while now. I'm excited everyone gets to see them.”
Nance also told Lakers reporter Mike Trudell that he already has four dunks ready to go. Maybe the young Laker can bring back the Aaron Gordon vs. Zach LaVine-level of excitement that was missing last year.
The other contestants are Gordon, Victor Oladipo and Dennis Smith Jr.
Nance, Jr. told us on a @SpectrumSN interview (coming up at 3:30 p.m. Pacific) we just shot that he already has his 4 dunks picked out. Hasn't needed the input that he's gotten from (literally) every one of his teammates. https://t.co/tioFqvD7Pn — Mike Trudell (@LakersReporter) February 2, 2018
When the participants were announced, Nance shared an illustration of himself soaring over Staples Center, which is where All-Star Game Weekend will be held, on Instagram.
A post shared by Larry Nance Jr (@larrydn7) on Feb 1, 2018 at 5:23pm PST
Nance, who's in his third NBA season, hasn't competed in the past couple years because he kept getting injured around this time of the year.
His first competition should be a whole lot of fun. His in-game dunks have been incredible.
.@Larrydn22 is at it again! This time on KD 😯… pic.twitter.com/XhPh39tsvI — NBA on TNT (@NBAonTNT) December 19, 2017
The Slam Dunk Contest will be the third event of All-Star Weekend Saturday Night. The Saturday night events will air on Feb. 17 starting at 8 p.m. ET on TNT.
Chapels in Omagh and Armagh have been daubed with graffiti attacking Sinn Fein's abortion policy ahead of the pending southern referendum on the matter.
Police are investigating a report of criminal damage at St Patrick's Cathedral in Armagh overnight from Sunday to Monday and a further attack on Carrickmore Chapel, Omagh overnight, 24 hours later. The two sites are some 30 miles apart.
Some of the apparently pro-life graffiti at St Patrick's Cathedral Armagh ahead of the Republic's forthcoming referendum on abortion next month.''Photo: Pacemaker
“Enquiries are on-going” the PSNI said.
On May 24 southern voters will decide whether to repeal the Eighth Amendment of the southern constitution, which recognises the equal right to life of the mother and the unborn.
The graffiti in Armagh consist of messages daubed in pink, including “Irish baby killers”, “Save the 8th”, “The New Reformation is Here” along with Biblical verse references.
Another message referred to “Sin Fein” in an apparent reference to the party's pro-choice policy.
A message sprayed on the church at Carrickmore read in part “Only the DUP speaks for Irish unborn” along with “Begly SF Irish baby killer” in apparent reference to Sinn Fein's candidate in the forthcoming Westminster by-election in the area, Orfhlaith Begley.
Ms Begly responded on Twitter: “I condemn the sectarian attack on my local chapel in Carrickmore. This is an attack on our local community. It is a sectarian hate crime and those responsible should be brought to book. I would appeal to anyone with any information to bring it forward to PSNI.”
However some people responding on Twitter questioned if it really was a sectarian matter, with a range of apparently nationalist posters challenging Sinn Fein's pro-choice stance.
Speaking on the Carrickmore graffiti, West Tyrone DUP Westminster candidate Tom Buchanan said: “There is a strength of feeling amongst members of the community about Sinn Fein's policy on abortion, however that is no cause to destroy property in order to put across a particular message.
“It is totally wrong and inappropriate to smear a place of worship, or any public building with graffiti to make any sort of political point. I totally condemn the graffiti and distance myself from the remarks made. Those involved should be ashamed and anyone with any knowledge of it should bring that forward to the PSNI.”
The “only way” to make such a point to Sinn Fein, he claimed, is in the West Tyrone by election on May 3.
Stoffel Vandoorne has confirmed claims that F1 drivers have been preparing hard for 2017.
New drivers like the Belgian, and younger drivers including Esteban Ocon and Carlos Sainz, have been working harder than ever for this year's much faster cars.
It has emerged that Sainz has put on 4 kilograms of muscle, and Ocon a full five.
"It's already clear that it (F1) will be a lot faster," McLaren rookie Vandoorne told the Belgian news agency Sporza.
"I have been doing a lot of sports to keep fit. That's the only way, because there's no driving," the 24-year-old said of the winter period.
"The changes in the rules means it will probably be difficult for the drivers. But I don't see it as a problem. I have had a good preparation. The season can start now for me," Vandoorne added.
Hopes are high for a much better season for McLaren-Honda in 2017, but opinions are actually mixed about how the 2017 car and engine will fare.
Vandoorne said: "I don't know much about it. I have only tested in the simulator, but it is already clear that it will be a lot faster than in previous years.
"The past few years were difficult for McLaren, but the team has also made a lot of progress," he added.
"Hopefully we can start in two weeks with good testing in Barcelona."
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• #fireandaxes
• Firefightercoins Industry:
• Apparel Location:
• Nashville - Tennessee - US Subject:
• Projects
End
-- Fire and Axes.com, the leader in American Firefighter collectables, firefighter coins and firefighter shirts is an internet company with everything a firefighter needs to show pride in what they do. From Volunteer to Career, Wildland to Structural we have something for you.Fire and Axes.com offers a wide selection of semi-custom designs. Simply add your department or station name to one of our semi-custom designs and you have a design tailored to you. No minimum orders on the semi-customs, one to a thousand. We also have a fully customizable area as well. Just give us little information on what you'd like to see or have in the design and our team of artists will set to work designing a totally custom design for you or your department.We also carry one of the most unique firefighter coin collections on the market today. Our firefighter coins are designed with the hardworking firefighter in mind. We can also design a custom firefighter coin for you and your department, there are minimum quantities on these.Have your custom design printed on a tee shirt, hoodie or coffee mug. We can even have it placed on the face of a clock. The custom area at Fire and Axes.com is one of the best on the market today. It is our goal to make you a design that shows the pride you have in what you do.All products at FireandAxes.com must pass rigorous inspections before leaving our facility. Ensuring the best possible product for our customers. We welcome you to FireandAxes.com, browse our site. Contact us at hq@fireandaxes.com with any questions you may have.FireandAxes.com offers everything from firefighter shirts, firefighter coins and apparel to firefighter signs and collectables. All designed with the hardworking American Firefighter in mind. We also offer loads of items that are customizable, 1 to 100 we have you covered. Already have your own design, we can print that or help you design a new one.
TO ease road congestion, the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority (MMDA) pushed for the adoption of a flexible work schedule in Metro Manila, especially by frontline government agencies.
MMDA General Manager Tim Orbos proposed that these agencies either adopt two shifts – from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. or 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. – or implement a four-day workweek.
He particularly mentioned the MMDA, Land Transportation Office, Bureau of Internal Revenue and Social Security System.
“Either we come in earlier at 7 a.m or later at 10 a.m. We come in early, we leave early,” Orbos said.
“If there is one entity that should sacrifice here, it should be us,” he said in a television interview on Monday.
Orbos said he had discussed the proposal with President Rodrigo Duterte.
“Hopefully, we can have a final approval of that within the week,” he said.
The MMDA chief said that is also urging business establishments to adopt the same measure, noting that in Davao, goods are delivered at night.
He said that Trade Secretary Ramon Lopez “will talk to the industries how to do it more efficiently.”
“The problem we have with traffic is we are using the road space at the same time,” Orbos said.
The MMDA will open up the service road of Roxas Boulevard to alleviate traffic congestion in the area. Following consultations with stakeholders, clearing operations will start on April 21.
Orbos said that clearing the area will result in about 30 percent faster travel time for vehicles.
Abuja – Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Wednesday inaugurated 150 patrol cars donated to Nigerian Police by Aliko Dangote Foundation and called on major corporate organisations to emulate Dangote.
The Vice President stated that the gesture would boost security infrastructure in the country.
He said “I want to congratulate the Inspector General of Police on this latest donation of 150 cars.
“I think this is going to be a great boost to our efforts at keeping security all over the country.
“I would also like to call on others, especially major corporate organisations that whatever cooperation and collaboration we can get from them will be greatly appreciated.
“We wish they could follow the very great example that has been set today by Dangote Group and Alhaji Aliko Dangote.”
According to the vice president, besides the positive donation, the government and the people of Nigeria have benefitted greatly from the corporate social responsibility of Dangote Group.
Osinbajo recalled that the group was responsible for the building of 54km Obajana-Kabba Road, several health centres in Benue, Ogun and other parts of the country, as well as schools.
He said government was aware of the micro credit scheme the foundation gave to no fewer than 40,000 citizens, noting that the patrol vehicles were directed at security of the country.
He noted that there was a lot of talk about public-private cooperation and participation but the Aliko Foundation was one that followed up with implementation.
He observed that by the group's demonstration of goodwill to the society, it showed the group was not just interested in making profit and creating jobs, but helping humanity.
The Vice President commended the foundation for being concerned and socially-conscious, adding that
the group could have very easily chosen what else to do with its resources.
The Chairman of Dangote Group, Alhaji Aliko Dangote, said the donation to police, being the highest from a private agency, was to support the police.
He said the donation was important in view of the present security challenges in the country, adding that the group spent N10 billion annually in interventions in education, healthcare and other economic activities nationwide.
“We are deepening our intervention in security by donating these automatic and Nigerian-assembled cars,'' Dangote stated as he called on other corporate groups to follow suit.
The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Ibrahim Idris, thanked Dangote for the gesture, saying it would greatly assist the force toward fulfilling its mandate of protecting lives and property.
Idris noted that for the police to be effective and responsive to the security needs of people in a complex and dynamic policing space such as Nigeria, it required the support of people in the provision of logistics.
The IG pledged to put the vehicles to effective use in efforts to fight crime and criminality and gave the assurance that the current security challenges such as herdsmen/farmers conflicts, insurgency, militancy, armed robbery and killings would soon end.
He said “the President and Commander-in-Chief has mandated me to redouble the police crime prevention and detection strategies to ensure that the situation is strictly brought under control.
“I can comfortably assure that our efforts in crime prevention are already yielding the desired results.
“In that regard and incompliance with the directive, commissioners of police and their supervisory Assistant Inspectors-General of Police have been directed to ensure immediate end to the challenges by deploying the arsenal at their disposal.''
The IG cautioned that as the 2019 elections approached, politicians and citizens must act within the confines of the law.
He noted that “the use of firearms or arming of thugs for political or other unlawful activities are criminal in nature and anybody no matter how highly placed found to be involved will be arrested and prosecuted.''
Chief Diana Cheng, the Chairman of CIG Motors, makers of the Gac 3 salon cars, thanked the Dangote Group for choosing its brand of cars, adding that it showed collaboration between Chinese and Nigerian investors.
She acknowledged that the gesture would assist the country to solve its security challenges.(NAN)
Luton Borough Council has agreed to commit an additional £50,000 to get its grass cutting schedule back on track this year.
Council leader, Cllr Hazel Simmons MBE, said: “I am sorry that we haven't been able to provide the service that people expect and I appreciate everyone's frustrations.
“This year we got the grass cutting wrong and fell well below the acceptable standard. Our teams fell behind the planned schedule and have been trying to catch up ever since. This is clearly not an acceptable position for anyone, including our hardworking parks staff.
“Following meetings with the parks service I have been assured that this situation will not be repeated and have agreed an additional £50,000 to be made available this year to ensure the catch up is completed as quickly as possible. While the team does a fantastic job, keeping up the pace this year has been difficult and we are now working to ensure that this does not happen again.”
I would like to thank residents for their patience and encourage anyone to report any ongoing concerns to www.luton.gov.uk/report.
For more information visit www.luton.gov.uk/grasscutting.
Speaking during Thursday's Most Powerful Women in Banking dinner, Mary Callahan Erdoes spoke about what she learned about motivating employees from business magnate Jack Ma.
Offaly 0-8 Sligo 0-8
A free from Sligo midfielder Niall Murphy five minutes into injury time gave his team a share of the spoils against Offaly at O'Connor Park.
Monday's draw, rearranged after Sunday's postponement due to weather conditions, leaves both counties still fighting for their lives in Division Three.
Going into next Sunday's final round, Sligo have Derry at home and Offaly travel to neighbour Westmeath, with Offaly currently second bottom on three points. Both Sligo and Derry are on four points.
If Offaly does go down, they will look back on this game with huge regret.
Ahead by 0-6 to 0-3 seven minutes into the second half and the wind at their backs, they really should have taken the two points but were unable to push on home.
As a spectacle, it was a very poor game of football with a lot of mistakes and little in the way of excitement or quality. Offaly finished with 13 men. Conor Carroll was sent off in the 25th minute for a yellow and black card while Peter Cunningham received a second yellow near the end. Sligo's Stephen Coen received a straight red for an off the ball incident in the 33rd minute in a game where no quarter was asked or given.
Sligo were especially poor when playing with the wind in the first half and a hardworking Offaly deserved their half time lead of 0-4 to 0-2.
It was all very tight in the second half. Sligo got back level - 0-6 apiece at the three quarter way stage - but frees from Nigel Dunne and Bernard Allen put Offaly two ahead with 11 minutes left after Adrian Marren and Kyle Cawley both hit the crossbar.
Marren's free reduced it to the minimum before that injury time kick from Murphy gave Sligo something to take away from a disappointing showing.
OFFALY: P Dunican; D Hogan, P McConway, S Nally; D Dempsey, N Darby, J Lalor; P Cunningham, M Brazil; C McNamee, A Sullivan (0-1), C Donohue; B Allen (0-3, 1f), C Carroll, N Dunne (0-4, 2f). Subs: J Hayes for Donohue (58), C Johnson for Dunne (Black card 60), D Brady for McConway (62m), S Tierney for Sullivan (70).
SLIGO: A Devaney; R Donovan, L Nicholson, C Harrison (0-1); Keelan Cawley, A McIntyre, G O'Kelly-Lynch; K McDonnell, N Murphy (0-1f); N Ewing (0-1), P O'Connor (0-1), L Gaughan (0-1); S Coen, P Hughes, A Marren (0-1f). Subs: C Breheny (0-1) for Hughes (HT), Kyle Cawley for Cawley (HT), S Carribine (0-1) for Nicholson (51), D Cummins for Marren (Black card 67), P Hughes for O'Connor (72).
Referee: J Molloy (Galway).
PEAWANUCK -
Canadian Rangers rescued a stranded snowmobiler whose machine broke down near the Hudson Bay coast during a severe cold weather alert.
“It was pretty cold,” said Master Cpl. Mike Koostachin of Peawanuck. ”When we found him, I think it must have been 45 to 50 below with the wind chill.”
The Ontario Provincial Police asked the Canadian Army for assistance when Marcel Metawabin failed to show up at his home in Peawanuck after leaving Fort Severn by snowmobile for what should have been a trip of about nine hours.
The army authorized the Rangers, who are part-time reservists, to begin a search for Metatawabin.
Command posts were set up in Peawanuck and Fort Severn and Rangers set out from the two isolated Cree communities on snowmobiles to look for the overdue traveller.
Because Environment Canada had issued a severe cold weather alert, the Royal Canadian Air Force placed a Hercules aircraft on standby to join the search and the OPP had a search team and medic ready to join it by helicopter.
But the Ranger search team from Peawanuck found Metatawabin after a search of several hours stranded halfway between Fort Severn and Peawanuck.
“I was trying to fix my machine after it had broken down for a third time when they turned up,” Metatawabin said. “I wasn't worried, I had my tent, food, and a stove if necessary, and I knew the Rangers would start looking for me after I had been out for something like 36 hours. You know you can depend on them to come and find you.”
The Rangers lit a fire and prepared a small hot meal to warm everyone up before taking Metatawabin to the nursing station in Peawanuck where he was examined and released unharmed.
His machine was left where it had broken down.
“Once again the Rangers did a great job,” said Lt.-Col. Matthew Richardson, commanding officer of the 3rd Canadian Ranger Patrol Group. “Where we have Rangers in 24 First Nations across the Far North of Ontario, we try to be a vital community asset, and this is another example of us being just that. The Rangers went out in severe and potentially dangerous conditions and saved another life.
“Because of the trained efforts of a few Rangers, the RCAF's Hercules and the OPP with their helicopter did not have to join the search. In addition to saving a life the Rangers saved the taxpayers a lot of dollars.”
— Sgt. Peter Moon is head of public affairs for the 3rd Canadian Ranger Patrol Group at Canadian Forces Base Borden.
We have arrived at a point of choosing. Our national debt and massive deficits are forcing painful choices upon our nation. How we arrived at this unfortunate juncture is an interesting academic and political discussion, but it is largely irrelevant to the choices we make going forward. Pointing fingers and trying to assign blame isn't going to move us toward a solution.
Some basic facts:
» Gross debt is $14.6 trillion ($14,600,000,000,000), $47,000 per person.
» Fiscal years 2009-2011 accumulated about $4.5 trillion in new debt.
» Unfunded liabilities for Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid are $60 trillion-plus.
» Medicare will be unable to meet its obligations by 2024.
» Social Security is already running in the red, years ahead of schedule.
» Medicaid severely burdens state budgets.
» The dollar is worth 50 percent less against gold than three years ago.
» We borrow more than 40 cents of every dollar we spend.
» Federal spending is about 37 percent higher than three years ago.
» Recession has reduced tax revenues by 10 percent.
The debt has become an existential threat to our nation. There is no plausible way to meet our current known entitlement liabilities and huge ongoing deficits compound the problem, which is fundamentally why our debt was downgraded by Standard & Poor's.
The government's attempts to borrow and spend our way to prosperity have failed and left us with a crushing debt burden and a weak economy. If government spending could drive growth and prosperity, we would never suffer a deep recession and we would be in robust recovery now.
Instead our economy continues to struggle and we endure 9 percent-plus unemployment and about a 17 percent underemployment rate nationally. Keynesian government-driven recovery spending didn't work during the Great Depression, the Japanese Lost Decade and our own current economic stagnation. Three strikes and you're out: it doesn't work.
So, what are our options to change course and achieve fiscal sanity and economic growth?
We can print more money, as the Fed has been doing, but that just devalues our currency and acts as the most regressive tax of all: inflation. Printing more money doesn't make it worth more. That is the stuff of Zimbabwe, which recently issued $100 trillion notes, which maybe purchase a basket of groceries. Bad idea.
Another option is to raise taxes to cover our shortfall. Many, including President Barack Obama and Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara, have called for raising taxes on the “rich,” meaning couples making more than $250,000 per year. If the government confiscated every dollar in income in excess of $250,000, it still would not close our budget deficit. We can't raise taxes enough to solve our budget problems, never mind the attendant economic damage.
In 2008, the top 1 percent of earners ($380,000 income) paid 38 percent of income taxes while earning 20 percent of the income. Fifty percent of filers paid no income taxes. According to the Organization for Economic Cooperation & Development, the top 10 percent ($114,000) pay a higher percentage of the income tax burden than any European country.
Increasing taxes on the “rich” will impede, not increase economic growth. Maybe Obama and Capps can explain how taking more money out of the private sector through taxation helps the private sector grow? No country has ever taxed its way to prosperity.
Economic growth and spending restraint are the least painful and most effective way to work our country out of this mess. Fortunately, they go hand in hand. In the 1990s, Canada faced a similar situation to ours. Despite having a fairly left-leaning government, Canada chose to spend cuts and economic growth over tax increases and now it has growth, lower unemployment, a stronger dollar and a low public debt relative to the United States.
Left to its own devices the economy will grow. Businesses exist to conduct business. The sad reality of why we are not growing this economy is directly due to bad government policy.
The basic problem is that we have been growing the public sector at the expense of the private sector. Every dollar spent by government is a dollar not available for use elsewhere. There is a lesson here our policymakers need to digest: the bigger the government, the smaller the private sector.
In 2000, federal spending was 18.2 percent of gross domestic product. In 2007, it was 19.6 percnt. In the last three years it has averaged 24.4 percent of GDP. Tax revenues over the last 60 years have averaged 18 percent to 19 percent of GDP, regardless of tax rates. How's that 24.4 percent of GDP spending working out for us?
Clearly our issue is spending. Even the spending “cuts” being discussed in the surreal world of Washington, D.C., aren't cuts at all; they are simply relatively minor reductions in planned spending increases.
Out-of-control government spending and burdensome regulations have created a crisis of confidence and increasing costs of doing businesses in America. Regulatory compliance costs our economy $1.8 trillion per year. And our politicians wonder why businesses are not hiring.
Our wounds are self-inflicted — wounds we can heal fairly quickly if we return to the principles that made this country great in the first place: limited government and free enterprise. Only then can we unleash the power of our entrepreneurs to grow businesses and create jobs.
The cure is simple: put government spending on a path to 18 percent of GDP, reform entitlements, remove regulatory hurdles that make us uncompetitive and strangle growth, simplify our tax system to favor growth, and then stand back and watch the free-market magic happen. Growth will cure a lot of ills.
The path forward for a prosperous future is obvious; the question is can we muster the political will to change course? Or, will we be the first generation of Americans to leave our children a country in worse shape than we received it? We are stealing from our children and our grandchildren to fund our current spending ambitions. That is simply immoral.
As Thomas Jefferson warned 200 years ago, “The principle of spending money to be paid by posterity, under the name of funding, is but swindling futurity on a large scale.”
— Tom Watson is a Santa Barbara businessman and was the 2010 Republican nominee for the 23rd Congressional District seat.
American Express is falling in line with Mastercard and Discover in eliminating the signature requirement for authorization on all card transactions at the point of sale, starting in April of 2018.
Amex says it is eliminating signature collection for all Amex merchants globally to provide a more consistent and simplified checkout process, while also reducing merchant expenses associated with retaining signatures.
“The payments landscape has evolved to the point where we can now eliminate this pain point for our merchants,” Jaromir Divilek, executive vice president of global network business for Amex, said in a Monday press release.
Bloomberg News
“Our fraud capabilities have advanced so that signatures are no longer necessary to fight fraud," Divilek said. "In addition, the majority of American Express transactions today already do not require a signature at the point of sale as a result of previous policy changes we made to help our merchants.”
After years of debate over the effectiveness of signature in the age of EMV chip cards, contactless cards and advancing mobile and e-commerce options, major card brands are dropping the signature requirement while citing tokenization and biometrics as key security steps phasing out signature.
The Merchant Advisory Group, an organization that represents many large merchants on payments-related topics, predicts Amex's decision will make the checkout process more efficient for merchants and their customers, said Laura Townsend, senior vice president of operations for the group.
“We commend American Express' decision to eliminate signature requirements,” Townsend said in the release. “This move will help merchants provide a quicker check-out experience for more customers by removing potential friction at the point of sale.”
The MAG has long been a proponent of dropping signature authorization, dating back to when merchants were questioning the expense of EMV chip conversion in the U.S. without the added security of PIN to the new cards.
For one of the largest retailers in the world, the move to eliminating signatures provides merchants much "greater flexibility as they experiment with and adopt new technology to provide customers with a faster and more convenient shopping experience," Mike Cook, senior vice president and assistant treasurer at Walmart, said in the release.
“The introduction of our Walmart Pay mobile app has raised our customers' expectations for being able to check out quickly and easily,” Cook said. “Having to sign a receipt can be a hassle for customers and is not necessary to prevent fraud at the point of sale. We're pleased American Express has decided to eliminate its signature requirements, which will promote a more seamless shopping and checkout experience for our customers.”
The elimination of Amex's signature requirements will apply to purchase transactions of all amounts at the point of sale. Amex is the first payment network to announce this change globally, expanding previous policy changes it has made in various regions.
For example, Amex has already eliminated signature requirements for transactions at the checkout that are less than $50 in the U.S., less than $100 in Canada, and less than 30 pounds in the U.K.
In regions outside the U.S. where signatures are already less common, this change can help provide a more consistent checkout experience for travelers, Amex said.
Once this change takes effect in April 2018, merchants will still have the option to collect signatures at the point of sale if they choose to do so, and must continue to collect signatures if they are required to do so by applicable law in their jurisdiction.
Visa, which also had eliminated signature use for less expensive transactions, has been more supportive of the signature requirement through the introduction of chip-based EMV cards, citing its ease of use for consumers and merchant terminals. Visa, however, has also been a proponent of mobile and e-commerce technology that bypasses the need for signature.
Manchester United are closing in on a deal for highly-rated Porto full-back Diogo Dalot, according to PA Sport.
After finishing runners-up in both the Premier League and FA Cup, Jose Mourinho has set about trying to bolster his squad for an improved challenge next season.
Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho
Among United's targets is 19-year-old Porto full-back Dalot, who is preparing to switch the club he joined in 2008 for Old Trafford.
PA Sport understands there is a good chance of a deal being reached between United and Mourinho's former club instead of using the 20 million euros (£17.5million) release clause that soon becomes active.
Dalot, a right-back capable playing on the left, has only made a handful of senior appearances for Porto, but is considered a huge talent and has attracted interest from many teams across Europe.
The teenager could be joined at Old Trafford by Shakhtar Donetsk's Brazilian midfielder Fred, while Tottenham centre-back Toby Alderweireld has been linked with a move.
Long-time target Gareth Bale's clear agitation at Real Madrid will see his future monitored by United, while several players could exit this summer.
Speculation continues over the future of Daley Blind, Anthony Martial, Matteo Darmian and Luke Shaw, while divisive midfielder Marouane Fellaini's contract expires this summer.
Falmouth's boys' hockey team celebrates a goal during its 5-0 win over Cheverus Tuesday.
Chris Lambert photos.
More photos below.
FALMOUTH—The top two teams in Class A South boys' hockey squared off Tuesday evening at Family Ice Center and number one made a powerful statement.
Falmouth hosted Cheverus in a late-season showdown and over the course of 45 minutes, the Yachtsmen reminded everyone why they're a serious contender to win their third Class A state championship in five seasons.
It took just over four minutes for Falmouth to get the only goal it would need, as sophomore Jack Kidder scored on a rebound.
Later in the first period, junior Brendan Hickey scored on a rebound as well to make it 2-0.
In the second period, while the Stags were unable to take advantage of multiple power plays, the Yachtsmen added to their lead when junior Marcus Cady scored to make it 3-0.
In the third period, Falmouth gave Cheverus a Valentine's Day Hickey as the junior scored again, and a power play tally from senior Robbie Armitage slammed the door on the 5-0 victory.
The Yachtsmen won their third game in a row, improved to 12-3-1, handed the Stags their first loss in 10 games and dropped them to 11-4 in the process.
“We play well as a team and that was a great team win,” said Hickey. “We really needed that. Every game we try to come out and set the tempo. We didn't want them to set the pace of the game.”
Get used to this
Entering play Tuesday, the teams hadn't played this season, but this encounter was the first of two in 10 days with the possibility of a third meeting in early March looming as a possibility.
Both squads have emerged as the top threats in the region.
Falmouth opened with a 4-3, come-from-behind victory at Biddeford, then settled for a 3-3 home tie against defending regional champion Scarborough. Falmouth closed 2016 with wins at Yarmouth (9-1) and Cape Elizabeth (3-1) and opened the new year by beating Greely, 6-2, in the Dudley Cup. Wins at Bangor (4-2) and at home over Biddeford (3-0) followed, but after edging Lewiston, 3-2, the Yachtsmen lost at St. Dom's, 2-1 and fell at home, 5-4, to Lewiston. After beating visiting Bangor (4-1) and St. Dom's (10-0), it lost, 4-2, at Scarborough before getting back in the win column, 4-3, at Thornton Academy and 7-2 at Portland/Deering Saturday.
Cheverus opened with a 5-3 home loss to defending Class A champion Lewiston. After a 4-2 win at Thornton Academy, Cheverus fell at Biddeford, 3-2. A 6-1 home victory over St. Dom's was followed by a 3-0 loss at Scarborough and a 5-2 win over Portland/Deering. After a 10-0 win at South Portland, the Stags traveled to Chicago for a Jesuit tournament and upon their return, they beat host Gorham, 3-0, downed Portland/Deering, 5-3, rallied to beat Cape Elizabeth, 5-4, in overtime and kept the good times rolling with victories at Yarmouth (3-2), at home over Brunswick (5-1), at Noble (7-1) and Saturday at home over Scarborough (3-2).
Last year, the teams split, as Cheverus eked out a 5-4 overtime win in Portland and Falmouth returned the favor on its home ice, prevailing, 5-1.
Tuesday, the Yachtsmen dominated for the better part of 45 minutes.
The Stags had an early look at taking the lead, but Falmouth junior goalie Spencer Pierce denied senior Ryan McSorley.
The Yachtsmen then went ahead 4:02 into the contest when Cheverus junior goalie Jason Halverson stopped a shot by Falmouth junior Alex Grade, but Kidder was there to bang home the rebound for a 1-0 advantage.
With 9:22 to play in the period, Falmouth scored another tough goal, as Hickey got to the rebound of a shot from sophomore Garrett Tracy and scored (Armitage was also credited with an assist).
“Every team needs gritty goals,” Hickey said. “They're important. Obviously, they paid dividends tonight.”
“There wasn't a guy on the ice who was looking for individual credit tonight,” said Falmouth coach Deron Barton. “No one cared who got the credit. We've committed to getting tough goals. Once it becomes sexy, everybody wants a piece of it. You have to play like that because goaltenders are that good now.”
The Stags went on the power play twice in the period and couldn't cut into the deficit, despite a good look from sophomore Justin Ray, which was denied by Pierce, keeping the score 2-0 heading to the first intermission.
Cheverus again had a chance to cut the deficit in half when it went on the power play early in the second period, but couldn't convert and with 10:53 left, Falmouth got a chance on the power play and showed the Stags how it's done, as Cady rebounded a Grade shot into the net for a 3-0 lead with 9:47 to go.
Later in the period, Cheverus had two more power plays, but had nothing to show for it.
The end of the competitive phase came early in the third period.
After Pierce came way out of the goal to break up a rush by Stags sophomore Alex Brewer, Hickey got his second goal with 12:44 remaining, pouncing on a loose puck in front and shooting it past Halverson.
The Yachtsmen got one final goal, on the power play, with 10:16 to go, as Armitage rebounded a shot from his brother, senior Reece Armitage, into the goal for a 5-0 advantage and Falmouth went on to close out the victory.
The Yachtsmen got plenty of production from Robbie Armitage and Hickey, who are part of what might be the best top line in the state before all is said and done.
“It's taken awhile for that top line to come together,” Barton said. “We always saw the potential. They only started to jell the past couple weeks. It comes down to unselfish play. We have some super-skilled players on that line. They're used to doing it individually. Now, they've learned how to use each other and they're dangerous.”
Falmouth had to kill eight penalties, but didn't allow a goal.
“We need to get better controlling our penalties, but we have a great penalty kill,” Hickey said. “Lou and Marcus did a great job. Spencer has stood tall all year long. We're lucky to have him.”
“I have a saying, ‘Hardworking, honest penalties bring good karma on the penalty kill' and that spoke for itself tonight,” Barton said.
Cheverus wasn't sure what hit it.
“It was probably our worst game of the year,” said Stags coach Dan Lucas. “We just came out flat and we didn't ever really get any emotion. They had a good middle ice thing going and we couldn't set up our power play much. We didn't give ourselves a really good chance all night.”
End of the line
Cheverus' remaining slate is daunting, to say the least. The Stags (who remain second in the Class A South Heal Points standings) are home with Thornton Academy Thursday, welcome Biddeford Saturday and play host to Falmouth in the finale a week from Thursday.
“The way the season's gone, this is probably the perfect time for a wakeup call,” said Lucas. “We got smacked around. It's what this team needed. We have a few games to get it together. We'll see what happens.”
After hosting Saturday Thornton Academy, the top-ranked Yachtsmen close at Cheverus Feb. 23.
“I think we're coming together,” Hickey said. “At the beginning of the season, we were playing as individuals. Now we're bearing down and trusting each other. We're taking it one game at a time. We're preparing for playoffs every game.”
“We're playing every shift to get better,” said Barton. “Our eyes are set on moving through the playoffs shift by shift, period by period, game by game. We still have work to do. The finer details are the hardest ones to get right, but I'm happy where we are right now.”
Sports Editor Michael Hoffer can be reached at mhoffer@theforecaster.net. Follow him on Twitter: @foresports.
Falmouth sophomore Jack Kidder beats Cheverus junior goalie Jason Halverson for the game's first goal.
Falmouth junior Marcus Cady skates past Cheverus junior Marco Giancotti.
Falmouth junior Brendan Hickey tries to make a move on Cheverus sophomore Justin Ray. Hickey scored twice in the win.
Cheverus senior Ryan McSorley battles with Falmouth juniors Alex Grade (24) and Lou Mainella for the puck.
Falmouth sophomore Garrett Tracy fires a shot as Cheverus sophomore Justin Ray defends.
Falmouth senior Robbie Armitage tries to corral the puck.
- Above is video of Vince McMahon and Bruno Sammartino sharing a backstage moment before Bruno's 2013 WWE Hall of Fame induction. This clip comes from the new "Bruno" documentary on the WWE Network.
- Monday's WWE RAW ranked #1 among series & specials for the night in Nielsen's social media TV ratings. RAW had 1.693 million total interactions this week - 185,000 on Facebook, 1.292 million on Instagram and 216,000 on Twitter. This is down from last week's RAW, which drew a total of 2.843 million interactions - 204,000 Facebook interactions, 2.235 million Instagram interactions and 404,000 Twitter interactions.
See Also Jerry Lawler Reportedly Suffered Stroke Two Weeks Before WrestleMania
- As noted, WWE Hall of Famers Jerry Lawler, Jim Ross and Booker T will work the Kickoff pre-show panel with Byron Saxton at Friday's Greatest Royal Rumble event in Saudi Arabia. There's still no word yet on if the Legends will call any matches, which was previously teased by Lawler. Lawler wrote the following on Twitter yesterday and revealed that the promoters in Saudi Arabia specifically asked for JR and The King:
1:48
Cal Poly grad's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
On Monday, officials backed away from reports that he was the principal suspect.
Canadian Sebastian Woodroffe who travelled to Peru to study hallucinogenic medicine was killed by a mob in a remote corner of the Amazon rain forest. Facebook photo
Peru's attorney general has ordered the arrest of two suspects in the killing of a Vancouver Island man who travelled to the Amazon rainforest to study hallucinogenic medicine, officials said Monday.
Authorities said over the weekend that a mob dragged Sebastian Woodroffe by the neck to his death shortly after people accused him of killing Olivia Arevalo, an octogenarian plant healer from the Shipibo-Konibo tribe of northeastern Peru.
Prosecutors said Monday the two suspects were identified in a video shot on a cellphone showing the moment Woodroffe, who was 41, was killed last week.
Officials said forensic experts were studying Woodroffe's body to determine whether he had any involvement in Arevalo's killing, as was initially suggested. On Monday, officials backed away from reports that he was the principal suspect.
Arevalo and Woodroffe were both killed Thursday in the Indigenous community of Victoria Gracia, officials said. But police did not begin to investigate until a cellphone video appeared in local media showing a man purported to be Woodroffe begging for mercy while being dragged between thatch-roofed homes. He was then left motionless on the muddy ground.
On Saturday, officials dug up Woodroffe's body from an unmarked grave where he had been hastily buried.
Global Affairs Canada spokeswoman Brianne Maxwell said Monday the department was aware of the case and had been in touch with the man's family and Peruvian officials but no further information would be provided due to privacy concerns.
Every year thousands of foreign tourists travel to the Peruvian Amazon to experiment with ayahuasca — a bitter, dark-coloured brew made of a mixture of native plants.
The hallucinogenic cocktail, also known as yage, has been venerated for centuries by indigenous tribes in Brazil, Peru, Ecuador and Colombia as a cure for all sorts of ailments. It's also increasingly consumed by Western tourists looking for mind-altering experiences, sometimes with deadly consequences.
Arevalo was a staunch defender of Indigenous people's rights in the region. She also practised a traditional form of singing medicine that the Shipibo believe removes negative energies from individuals.
Woodroffe, who was from Cumberland on Vancouver Island, said before going to Peru that he hoped an apprenticeship with a plant healer from the Shipibo tribe would help his goal of changing careers to become an addiction counsellor using hallucinogenic medicine.
“A recent family intervention for a relative with an alcohol addiction has opened my eyes to what I should be doing for work,” he wrote on the Indiegogo crowd-funding website seeking financial help to advance his studies.
“The plant medicine I have the opportunity of learning is far deeper than ingesting a plant and being healed. It is not about getting ‘high' either. It is true some of the plants I will be learning about do have a perception-altering effect, but these are a few plants out of thousands I will be working with,” he said.
Friends of Woodroffe have posted messages of condolences on social media pages, and Woodroffe's Facebook profile has changed to ‘Remembering Sebastian Woodroffe.'
Yarrow Willard, a close friend of Woodroffe, said in a Facebook message he was a loving father and kind man, “who was not capable of the crimes he was accused of.”
Friend Brodie Dawson echoed Willard's statement.
“(Sebastian) was well-loved in the community and he was a sweet and loving person, and … this was very out of character for him,” she noted.
-With files from Erin Haluschak
Choosing which student accommodation you want to live in is an integral part of the process of preparing for university. Most first year undergraduates, desperate to solidify a social base and anxious to fit into a new environment, disregard the option of privately rented flats, despite often paying considerably more for student accommodation.
All most students want is a decent sized bedroom, good internet connection and comfortable living conditions, in a flat near to campus. Yet the gentrification of student housing undertaken by private companies in Edinburgh is limiting, rather than expanding, choice for students.
New developments by Unite Students, such as the ‘Old Printworks', offer rooms from over £150 a week. For that money, a student receives an en suite bathroom, a communal luxury living area and access to an on-site gym.
Studenttenant.com rightly point out in a press release that “whilst there is demand for this type of luxury accommodation, and a handful of students are willing to pay the higher prices, the new wave of housing is just too expensive for most.”
The Student reached out to the university for comment, who responded that “we have a broad range of facilities, location and price, which includes some of the lowest cost student accommodation in the country.”
Though the Students' Association has previously managed to secure a freeze on the cheapest a thousand student beds in the city, the price of most student accommodation continues to rise, with a report last year naming Edinburgh the most expensive city for students in the United Kingdom.
Considering that average flats in Edinburgh are clearly already expensive, the fact that first year accommodation is often even more so, puts into perspective the extortionate rents that halls often ask for. Outsourcing the construction of student accommodation to private companies is largely responsible for these unreasonably high living costs.
A motion submitted to Student Council last week, calling for the university to build more affordable student accommodation, is indicative of the frustration felt by the student body that not enough is being done to keep student housing affordable.
The motion acknowledges that there has been a visible rise in new accommodation built by unaccountable private companies, and appeals to the University of Edinburgh to use their profits to invest in affordable and accessible housing.
Not wishing to live in unpleasant conditions does not mean students should be forced to ask their families for financial assistance. Yet, the loans offered to students from Scotland and England would not even come close to covering the rent of Unite Students accommodation when combined with living costs. Unless able to rely on their parents to support them, students would be forced to work in excess of 20 hours a week to pay rent.
Students cannot be expected to perform at their best when under such financial pressures and, by allowing the privatisation of accommodation, the university is culpable for soaring rental costs and the stresses that comes with them. It is clear that these blocks are being built with only the wealthiest students in mind.
The ‘Access to Scotland' report, published by the Sutton Trust in 2016, stated that Scottish universities have lower rates for accepting students from poorer backgrounds than the rest of the UK. The University of Edinburgh is especially regarded as failing to represent the demographic makeup of wider society.
It should not come as a surprise to university management that students from affluent backgrounds comprise such a sizeable part of the student body, as many prospective first years could not imagine coping with such extortionate living costs while trying to focus on new social and academic challenges.
Image: Derek Harper via Geograph
People often say career aspirations are rooted from childhood memories—from looking up to parents or older relatives, watching their favorites on the tube or reading books.
But for Crowne Plaza and Holiday Inn General Manager Guav Rai, his aspiration to work in the hospitality business was rooted from happy memories of visiting and hosting relatives.
“I used to love the great feeling of visiting friends and family as well as hosting them at home for lunch or maybe dinner. I get to eat good food, lots of ice cream and have treats. But the greatest of which is meeting new people,” the GM happily recalled during a one-on-one interview with The Manila Times.
The Indian-born and Australian-raised hotelier recalled that growing up with frequent visit to hotels cemented his decision to pursue a career in the industry.
“Growing up, we used to go to hotels and I was there thinking, ‘This is so nice; everybody seems to be coming here on a daily basis and or arriving to stay.' Those memories made me choose that I was going to be in this industry,” Rai intimated.
Showing strong commitment for decisions he would be taking early on, Rai has taken Hospitality Management as his college course and dove headfirst in the business when he took a hotel job while still studying. He related that the experience gave him the opportunity to relate what he's learning in the university and putting it into practice.
Started from the bottom, now he's on top
As comfortable as he is with his position as leader in one of the busiest hotels in Ortigas, Rai unabashedly divulged that his first job in the hotel involved cleaning dishes.
“That was my first assignment but I had a strict chief who told me why is it important to clean things properly, tidy and orderly. I got that training straightaway which, I later found out, is very important in a hotel because—like the dishes I used to clean—you have to keep it clean, tidy and orderly,” Rai stated matter-of-factly.
Ever dedicated to the career he has always loved, Rai tried his hands in almost all departments in the hotel industry—he has headed the Food and Beverage, Rooms Department, Housekeeping, Front Office, Restaurants, Catering and Sales.
“Yes I did a lot but it was done mainly to end up getting a GM's job. I wanted to know the business, somebody who really knows inside out and not just a figure head,” Rai explained.
Along the way, Rai met mentors he thought molded him to be the leader that he is today.
“I was lucky to have good leaders. At that time, I used to think they may be a little too hard but I know they always had the best intention for me. Eventually it led to promotion after promotion and here I am,” Rai said with a smile.
Today, Rai believes it's time to return the favor.
Fostering hospitality, training future CEOs
After taking the reins of Holiday Inn at Clark—where he developed a deep love for the Kampampangan culture and its dishes—Rai is now managing Crowne Plaza Ortigas Manila and its sister hotel Holiday Inn with the same enthusiasm and firm leadership.
“Because I enjoyed this concept of guest service, I kind of understood that the basic, the core of this business is looking after the guests and making them happy and that's what I tell them. It doesn't matter what your boss says, if the guest goes away happy and says he had a great time, that means you are doing your job right,” the 41-year-old leader said.
He said he would always advise his team not to worry what he would say, just take the business of “looking after them” to heart—the way he does—and the GM would surely be their best friend.
“It's really making everybody help understand that just like there are great cities and there are cities that are trying to get up, there are great hotels and some hotels that need to get up, too. Some hotels may have already good hardware—new rooms, new F&B—but if they don't have the right culture of looking after the guests, it's nothing. If everybody—including engineering, the housekeeping, the front office, the driver, the doorman and the sales team—is geared towards that, then you are a great hotel,” Rai summarized when asked for his leadership style.
Now that he is working alongside Filipinos, whose trademark quality is hospitality, Rai indulged The Manila Times with traits that make this race a great fit for the industry he has long loved.
“Filipinos have a natural smile and that's what you need in this industry first and foremost. You should be able to smile even if there is a problem, just to calm people down. Filipinos are very humble and humility runs through their veins. They have really good family values and they look up to their family. All of these things naturally make them good for hospitality,” Rai enumerated
“Filipinos have many strengths. That's why they are the ideal candidates for hospitality. They really do a good job, you just need to lead them and they will just follow,” the executive added.
“My goal would be for them to all retire as CEOs so I can live a free life,” he laughed, “but basically whatever they want to achieve career-wise. They are giving me the time so I want to make sure that when I'm gone, they would also develop to a level where they feel fulfilled, otherwise, I just wasted their time,” Rai concluded.
TOP CAT: Jenna Fishburn with her cat Sheldon, Petbarn's Kitten of the Year.
TOP CAT: Jenna Fishburn with her cat Sheldon, Petbarn's Kitten of the Year. Mike Knott BUN061217SHELDON1
A RESCUE cat from Bundaberg has been crowned Petbarn's Kitten of the Year.
Jenna Fishburn's newest family addition is now-eight-month old ginger Sheldon, and the feline has stolen Ms Fishburn's heart as well as the hearts of Sheldon's 500-plus Facebook followers.
Passionate about finding homes for stray and abandoned animals, Ms Fishburn adopted Sheldon after losing her cat Harry.
"I adopted Sheldon from the RSPCA and, as he had some health issues, he needed all the love he could get,” she said.
"He's adorable. He's got such a crazy personality
"He gets up to lots of mischief and is such a funny boy.”
TOP CAT: Sheldon was adopted from the RSPCA Mike Knott BUN061217SHELDON2
Ms Fishburn set up a Facebook page for Sheldon and his feline sister Lucy, and together their page is followed by people from all over the world.
It's those followers who help Sheldon take out the Kitten of the Year title.
"With their voting help, we were lucky enough to win the state section,” Ms Fishburn.
Appalled by the number of unwanted cats, Ms Fishburn is inspired by the work of cat rescue organisations around the world.
"TinyKittens is a Canadian based rescue ... I am part of their international crafting team where I sew catnip kicker toys to sell online and all proceeds are donated to TinyKittens to help rescue and desex cats in the area,” she said.
TOP CAT: Ms Fishburn set up a Facebook page for Sheldon and his feline sister Lucy, and together their page is followed by people from all over the world. Mike Knott BUN061217SHELDON3
"Another way I promote animal welfare is by teaching the children in my kindergarten class about how to care for and respect animals.”
Ms Fishburn urged cat owners to desex their pets to reduce unwanted litters.
The small house in Ranelagh where Maeve Brennan sets so many of her acclaimed short stories is also where the actor Eamon Morrissey grew up. His father bought the Brennans' house after they moved to Washington in 1934. His mother, another Maeve, knew the connection, and read Brennan's stories as they appeared in the New Yorker in the 1950s and '60s. The young Eamon had little interest, but when he was playing on Broadway, in Brian Friel's Philadelphia, Here I Come!, she sent him one of them. The hairs on the back of his neck began to stand up, he says, as he read it on the subway, and he managed to meet Maeve Brennan not long after.
When Morrissey brought Maeve's House to New York in 2013, the Irish Arts Center, where he performed his moving one-man show, also advertised a two-hour Walk of the Town. Following Maeve Brennan's footsteps, it began in Washington Square Park, and ended with a martini.
Brennan loved Greenwich Village, cradle of so much creativity. She lived there when she first arrived in New York. Later, especially in times of crisis, she often returned there to stay, usually at the Hotel Earle, now the Washington Square Hotel. As the Long-Winded Lady in the New Yorker's Talk of the Town, she wrote about the Village a lot, and it began to reciprocate her care before anyone organised walking tours in her honour. When readers arranged an event there to celebrate her, some years after my biography appeared, I couldn't go, but Maeve's niece attended from the UK. Afterwards she told me about a woman she'd met, who introduced herself as a friend from Maeve's later life. This was Edith Konecky, a writer five years Maeve's junior, still living in New York. I hadn't heard of her, nor did she know of my biography, though I believe someone gave it to her not long after.
ADVERTISEMENT
I had no plans to go back to New York at that time, and I could think of no good reason to bother a woman approaching 90, but I was fascinated. When I began to write about Brennan, piecing together fragments of evidence about her was like salvage in a flooded library. She had moved house constantly, and sometimes had no home. She had given things away or left them behind, and what little remained of her archive had not yet come to light.
William Maxwell had been her trusted friend and fiction editor at the New Yorker, where she became a staff writer in 1949. He had provided an evocative introduction in 1997 for The Springs of Affection: Stories of Dublin, a new compilation by editor Christopher Carduff, the book that introduced Maeve Brennan to a new generation of readers. Maxwell died in July 2000, however, eight days after his wife, Emily. That fact, along with his stature as a novelist and the silence of other witnesses, meant that his brief account of Maeve's descent into mental illness loomed over her four books by then in print.
Carduff had discovered The Visitor in a university archive and published it in 2000, by which time he had also brought out The Long-Winded Lady and The Rose Garden. “Many men and women found Maeve enchanting,” Maxwell writes, “and she was a true friend, but there wasn't much you could do to save her from herself.”
I interviewed Maeve's niece and other relatives, and spoke to men and women who had been her colleagues. One by one they spoke of feeling love, guilt and loss, recalling how she stopped talking to them in the 1970s. It felt like working with tweezers and blotting paper as I pieced scraps of testimony together. The men seemed to have known her far better, and much longer, than any of the women. I worried that her memory might vanish completely before I could make it a coherent story. I regretted that she seemed to have been denied the blessing of close women friends.
Recently I thought of searching for Edith Konecky's writing. I got hold of two of her novels, Allegra Maud Goldman, a novel of childhood, set in Brooklyn, and A Place at the Table, about middle age, which begins, disarmingly, “My name is Rachel Levin/ I haven't really got the time to write.” Both books are unusually candid and wise, but in A Place at the Table a character called Deirdre is a disintegrating Irish writer. She both rewards and frustrates Rachel, the narrator, who loves her but can't save her, and she chimes in detail with the Maeve I knew from her letters to friends. Unlike the accounts I'd read by men who had known Maeve in good times and bad, however, Konecky's portrait stays close and loyal. There is no rejection or distancing, just a sense of mourning as “Deirdre” fades out of her life. The book ends with a possible sighting and an imagined conversation. When a new publication of my own was about to bring me to New York in October last year, I emailed Konecky from Dublin. I didn't know what to expect, but her reply came crisply back, inviting me to visit.
When I walked out of the lift on the ninth floor of her building, Konecky was standing with a wry smile in her doorway, leaning on the cane she uses indoors. She's hard of hearing, and her own work takes no prisoners, so I waited to speak until she'd seated us both comfortably in her spacious living room.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Nobody would tell me where she was,” she told me. I knew that in the 1980s the New Yorker had arranged a place for Maeve in the Long Island nursing home where she died in 1993. Now it seemed that in its wisdom, it had declined to reveal her whereabouts to anyone outside its own circle. Yet Maeve had stayed for weeks on end in Konecky's apartment, alternating between white-knuckled, silent despair and imaginative solicitude. It was Konecky she phoned from the psychiatric hospital, after she broke the glass in several of the New Yorker's office doors. It was Konecky she invited to accompany her to receive a literary honour, where she hid in her raincoat, refusing to remove it for lunch, or even while sitting on the stage.
And Konecky was not her only woman friend. She and Maeve first met in 1972, at the MacDowell Colony in New Hampshire. Maeve's magnificent story, The Springs of Affection, had just appeared, and although it is her best, and Alice Munro counts it among her favourites of all time, it was the one that estranged Maeve from her family. She and Edith returned to MacDowell many times to write. Tillie Olsen was there too, and the three – all revered now, despite their relatively small output – were friends. I cheered to imagine them, scathing and irreverent, kind to each other, drinking and laughing together, talking about their work. Maeve wrote a blurb for the cover of Konecky's Allegra, and Olsen wrote an introduction. Konecky gave me the paragraph Maeve wrote when Olsen must have been in one of those “silences” that she writes about so eloquently:
“I have been trying to think of the word to say to you that would never fail to lift you up when you are too tired or too sad not [to] be downcast. But I can think only of a reminder – you are all it has. You are all your work has. It has nobody else and never had anybody else. If you deny it hands and a voice, it will continue as it is, alive, but speechless and without hands. You know it has eyes and can see you, and you know how hopefully it watches you. But I am speaking of a soul that is timid but that longs to be known. When you are so sad that you ‘cannot work' there is always a danger fear will enter in and begin withering around. A good way to remain on guard is to go to the window and watch the birds for an hour or two or three. It is very comforting to see their beaks opening and shutting.”
Olsen had this on her studio wall. Konecky copied it, and kept it above her desk. I find in it an echo of the sad, joking, letter Maeve wrote in 1959, about shooting herself in the back in St Patrick's Cathedral with the aid of a small hand-mirror. Echoes too of things she wrote about her cats, and about her mother. Mostly I find comfort in it, so it's now above my own desk.
Edith Konecky, intrepidly laconic in her mid-nineties, was kind to me, and highly entertaining. She misses Maeve, and mourns her.
Stinging Fly Press republished The Springs of Affection in 2015, with a new introduction by Anne Enright. The Long-Winded Lady is out now, in a new edition introduced by Belinda McKeon. Angela Bourke is the author of Maeve Brennan: Homesick at The New Yorker. Her latest publication is the Famine Folio Voices Underfoot: Memory, Forgetting, and Oral Verbal Art
ADVERTISEMENT
Women Writers and Irish-American Literature is a week-long series to celebrate the centenary of Maeve Brennan's birth on January 6th, 2017, comprising articles on Maeve Brennan, Mary McCarthy, Elizabeth Cullinan, Mary Gordon and Alice McDermott, co-ordinated by Ellen McWilliams and featuring contributions from Angela Bourke, Claire Bracken, Patricia Coughlan and Sinéad Moynihan
LOS ANGELES: Floyd Mayweather has shot down rumors of a deal to fight martial arts star Conor McGregor, insisting he is content to remain retired.
The 39-year old American took to his social media Instagram account late Tuesday, telling his fans that he wanted to set the record straight.
“There seems to be several rumors floating around media recently however, let the record show, there hasn't been any deals made in regards to a fight between myself and any other fighters. I am happily retired and enjoying life at this time. If any changes are to come, be sure that I will be the first to let the world know.”
Mayweather's statement may be sincere or it may not be. He has been know in the past to often stretch the truth announcing several times that the fight of the moment would be his last only to use that ploy as a bargaining tool to try and sell more tickets.
The possibility of a fight between boxer Mayweather and McGregor appeared to get a boost as Ultimate Fighting Championship boss Dana White said he'd pay $25 million to each.
White, president of the popular UFC mixed martial arts brand in which Ireland's McGregor stars, seemed to indicate in his comments on a Fox radio broadcast that the two would meet in a boxing ring, not the UFC octagon.
Mayweather, who retired in 2015 with a perfect 49-0 record, is considered one of the greatest fighters of all-time. McGregor has never fought a professional boxing match.
McGregor became the first man to simultaneously hold UFC titles in two weight divisions when he beat Eddie Alvarez in New York on November 12.
At the end of November he was issued a California boxing license in a development that fueled speculation about a showdown between the two. AFP
AFP/CC
HAVANA - After volunteering for the Peace Corps in Peru, Vicki J. Huddleston spent many years serving in the U.S. State Department. She worked in Haiti, Madagascar and Mali. While representing the U.S. in Africa, she was deputy assistant secretary of state and deputy assistant secretary of defense. But it was her time in Cuba that was the most impactful.
Huddleston served as the deputy director of Cuban affairs and as principal officer in Cuba. Her service under two administrations inspired her to co-author "Learning to Salsa: New Steps in U.S.-Cuba Relations," and she is promoting her second book, “Our Woman in Havana: A Diplomat's Chronicle of America's Long Struggle with Castro's Cuba."
"When the U.S. threatens, Cuba closes," Huddleston said. “When the U.S. pulls back, then the Cuban people have more freedom."
Huddleston said she favored former President Barack Obama's policy, and the economic reforms that she says fostered the growth of the island's private sector. President Donald Trump's reversal of the policy, she says, has failed. She opposes the U.S. embargo.
“It didn't work,” Huddleston said. “It's 50 years, let's try something new."
Huddleston believes an injection of capitalism would be more productive for both countries. She also believes there needs to be a gradual, but continual opening for human rights to improve. She views Cuban President Raul Castro's step down to leader of the Communist party in April as more of a succession.
"It's an authoritarian government controlled more by the military than by the party," Huddleston said. "Nobody has the ability within the country to challenge the rule of the Castros."
Huddleston believes Cuban officials don't know anything about the sonic attacks on U.S. embassy workers in Havana, but she thinks it highly likely that the Cuban military does know what happened. The Cuban government continues to deny responsibility.
WEB EXTRA
Huddleston's first meeting with Fidel Castro
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
West Sussex County Council is to be called on to provide an emergency fund of £1.3million to help schools through their ongoing financial crisis.
Labour councillors plan to put the proposal to a full meeting of the council in County Hall, Chichester, on Friday (Feburary 17).
In addition they will ask colleagues from all parties to put more pressure on the government to "ensure that schools have the funding they need to provide an excellent education for every one of its pupils".
Councillor Michael Jones (Southgate and Crawley Central), who will propose the motion, said that in the past year, 29 of the 224 schools for which the council is responsible had applied to a county fund for schools in financial difficulty.
Many more have reported that their own financial reserves had been almost entirely exhausted.
Mr Jones said: "It is all very well for councillors to pay lip service to the injustice being done to our schools and the great work they do under difficult conditions, at some point we have got to put our money where our mouths are, and support our strength of feeling with hard cash.
“This is all part of what should be this county council's commitment as the Local Education Authority.
"We believe we have a serious duty of care and a role in education, even if the Government has drastically undermined that link over the past six years.
"If our schools are at this direst hour of need, then we should be there for them."
Mr Jones acknowledged that £1.3m was "only a modest amount" when compared to the £20m of emergency funding asked for by headteachers, adding: "But the council does not have access to the level of money the government does. At least this would be something the council could afford, and would be of some real practical help."
Headteachers launched the Worth Less? campaign for fairer funding in April 2015, after publishing a letter warning the county's schools faced a financial crisis.
Many West Sussex MPs have raised the issue in Parliament, while Louise Goldsmith, leader of the county council, wrote to Justine Greening, secretary of state for education, pleading for urgent government support.
Speaking after sending the letter, Mrs Goldsmith said: “As things stand, central government policy is placing councils like West Sussex in a truly untenable position of presiding over real cuts to school budgets, to the long-term detriment of our children and their educational outcomes."
Councillor Sue Mullins (Ifield East and Gossops Green), who will be seconding the motion, described the situation faced by the county's schools as "utterly indefensible" and called for Mrs Goldsmith and the cabinet to speak out again - and more strongly.
The full council meeting will be webcast live from 10.30am on Friday. To watch, log on to westsussex.public-i.tv/core/portal/home .
Searching for the right school in Sussex for your child? - Visit educationsussex.com for authoritative reviews and so much more.
Progress has announced the release of Progress Sitefinity 11, a web experience management solution. The latest release adds a new interface that will enable marketers to be more productive and effective.
In addition, it adds new developer tools and introduces the ability to do one-click deployments, which will help reduce time-to-market for web apps. Progress Sitefinity 11 also features an Angular-based admin panel that enables simplified customization and integration with API services.
Tricentis Tosca 11.2 is released
Tricentis released the latest version of its Tricentis Tosca platform, 11.2. The latest version makes it easier to construct automated tested for S/4 HANA and Fiori 2.0, while also reducing test maintenance overhead.
Integration with Tricentis Flood will allow users to employ existing Tricentis functional test cases or upload test cases from JMeter, Gatling, or Selenium. This will allow customers to more easily integrate their testing into the CI pipeline and identify problems early on in the process.
Finally, it adds test automation support for SAP Success Factor, SAP Ariba, and SAP Hybrid, enabling organizations to reliably test end-to-end business processes.
Google launches Machine Learning Practicum on Image Classification
Google has announced a new interactive course, following the success of its Machine Learning Crash Course in February. The course, a Machine Learning Practicum on Image Classification, will walk students through the basics of how image classification works while learning the building blocks of convolutional neural networks (CNNs). It will then have students build a CNN themselves, learn to prevent overfitting, and utilize pretrained models for feature extraction and fine-tuning.
According to Google, over 10,000 of its employees have already used this course to train their own image classification tools to identify cats and dogs in photos.
Qualcomm's extended reality platform, XR1, is revealed
Qualcomm has revealed a new dedicated Extended Reality (XR) platform called the Qualcomm Snapdragon XR1 Platform. XR1 is intended to provide users with high-quality XR experiences, while also allowing OEMs to build mainstream devices.
XR1 features special optimizations for AR experiences with AI capabilities to provide better interactivity, power consumption, and thermal efficiency.
According to Qualcomm, Meta, VIVE, Vuzix, and Picoare are already working on developing the XR1 platform.
“As technology evolves and consumer demand grows, we envision XR devices playing a wider variety of roles in consumers' and workers' daily lives,” said Alex Katouzian, senior vice president and general manager, Mobile Business Unit, at Qualcomm.
RVS stands for Reparto Veicoli Speciali; a new special projects division within MV Agusta tasked with creating exclusive, hand-built, limited edition motorcycles that are put together on a ‘special vehicles' production line at the company's Schiranna factory.
The RVS#1 is the first product of this new division (hence the #1), and is based on the Brutale Dragster 800, which, in turn, is derived from the firm's successful Brutale 800 middle-weight streetfighter. Powered by the latest Euro 4-spec version of MV Agusta's compact 800-cc three-cylinder engine that makes 150 PS at 12,800 rpm, and with the generous use of carbon fibre and titanium to drop weight to just 160 kg, the RVS#1 is clearly a performance-oriented work of art. The Brutale-derived tubular steel trellis frame is known for its dynamic capability, and the sporty riding position is a clear indicator that this bike is meant for more than pootling around town on. With the sporty nature of the motorcycle in mind, fully-adjustable Marzocchi upside-down forks handle suspension duties up front, while the rear is taken care of by a fully-adjustable Sachs unit; both ends get 125 mm of suspension travel.
The attention to detail on this motorcycle is excellent, and nothing is left to chance. Up front, the cutting-edge adaptive headlight incorporates several LED segments, which switch on and off depending on the current speed and lean angle, to provide the best illumination exactly where needed. The shapely fuel tank is inlaid with titanium segments and shows off a beautifully machined filler cap, while the seat gets an attractive honeycomb pattern. Titanium also features on the upper triple-clamp plate and the brake and clutch lever protectors. The Kineo wire-spoked wheels feature one-off machining, while the front wheel is further adorned with a pair of purpose-built ‘Batfly' brake discs by Braking Sunstar. On the right side of the bike is a pair of powerful LED spotlights mounted on a carbon-fibre support, while the CNC machine-finished footrests are inspired by the MV Agusta cogwheel logo. Keeping weight down is a priority, and carbon-fibre features on a lot of components, including the front and rear mud-guards, the swingarm protector, side fairings, radiator air scoops and chain guard.
MV Agusta are also providing an optional track-only SC Project titanium exhaust specifically built for this motorcycle, with specific mapping to squeeze out every bit of power from that compact triple.
We still don't know how many units of this extravagant motorcycle will be built, nor do we know how it will be priced, however what we can be sure of, is that MV Agusta have created yet another tantalising piece of automotive mastery.
Can't get enough of the RVS#1? Check out the video MV Agusta put out regarding the bike right here –
TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mixed Tuesday as some indexes recouped earlier losses set off by an overnight decline on Wall Street. Investors are awaiting the first Federal Reserve meeting under the new chairman, Jerome Powell, and anticipating the first rate increase of the year.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 lost 0.5 percent to finish at 21,380.97. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 slipped 0.4 percent to 5,936.40, while South Korea's Kospi inched up 0.2 percent to 2,479.81. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was virtually unchanged at 31,524.83, while the Shanghai Composite edged 0.3 percent higher to 3,289.80.
FACEBOOK DROP: The technology rout on Wall Street on Monday was set off by Facebook's worst loss in four years. The social media giant's plunge followed reports that Cambridge Analytica, a data mining firm working for President Donald Trump's campaign, improperly obtained data on 50 million Facebook users without their permission. Legislators in the U.S. and Europe criticized Facebook, and investors are wondering if companies like Facebook and Alphabet will face tighter regulation.
WALL STREET: The S&P 500 index sank 1.4 percent to 2,712.92. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 1.3 percent to 24,610.91. The Nasdaq composite gave up 1.8 percent to 7,344.24 and the Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks declined 1 percent to 1,570.56.
Advertisement
FEDERAL RESERVE: The U.S. Federal Reserve's first meeting under Jerome Powell's leadership ends later this week, likely with an announcement that the Fed will resume modest interest rate hikes. A healthy U.S. job market and a relatively steady economy have given the Fed the confidence to think the economy can withstand further increases. And the financial markets have been edgy for weeks.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 55 cents to $62.68 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It lost 28 cents on Monday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, also gained 55 cents to $62.60 per barrel in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar recovered to 106.27 yen from 105.92 late Monday. The euro rose to $1.2341 from $1.2267.
___
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay, who contributed to this report, can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP
His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Her work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama
Credit Linked Subsidy Scheme (CLSS) for Middle Income Group (MIG)
slss
Contact
Pankaj Agarwal
***@zricks.com Pankaj Agarwal
End
-- When Narendra Modi government announced Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana- Housing for All, it proved to be the major decision by addressing the shortage of 20 million slum and non-slum urban poor households, by 2022. There were schemes announced, and among all Credit Linked Subsidy Scheme (CLSS) Middle Income Group (MIG) was implemented and came into effect from January 1, 2017.PM Narendra Modi in June 2014 said, "By the time the Nation Completes 75 years of its Independence, every family will have a pucca house with water connection, toilet facilities, 24*7 electricity supple and access". Under this scheme, interest subsidy of 4 per cent on housing loans on housing loans up to Rs 9 lakh for those who have the income of Rs 12 lakh per year and 3 per cent on housing loans up to Rs 12 lakh for those having incomes of Rs 18 lakh per year will be offered.This will mean assistance in the range of Rs 1.98 lakh to Rs 2.30 lakh per beneficiary. Only those who do not own a pucca house will be eligible. Besides, the two category of subsidy can be availed for building a house measuring 968 sq ft and 1184 sq ft respectively.When "Housing for All" was announced in 2015, it was limited to EWS and LIG households. But the CLSS facility is further extended to MIG Households.Guidelines of CLSS-MIG:Recently, Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation (MHUPA) released guidelines for the revised section of CLSS-MIG. Some of the key highlights of the guidelines are:The Beneficiaries:The scheme will benefit to the family of husband, wife, unmarried sons/daughters. Also adult earning member will be treated as separate households. Similarly, in the case of a married couple, ownership will be eligible for single houses.• If the beneficiary owns another house, then he/she won't be eligible for the scheme.• The income criteria for the beneficiary is divided into two categories:• Class MIG I: Households having the income between Rs 6,00,00 to Rs 12,00,000 annually• CLSS MIG II: Households defined having annual income between Rs 12, 00,000 to Rs 18, 00,000.• 70 lending institutions, including 45 Housing Finance Companies and 15 scheduled banks have signed MOU with National Housing Bank.• CLSS for the middle-income group is provisioned a sum of Rs 1000 crore for 2017-18.How a Beneficiary would Benefit with CLSS?To understand the benefit CLSS, let us check out this example: Say a homebuyer borrows Rs 100 from HFC against the subsidy of Rs 10 is allowed under the scheme. So by this, the borrower will have to pay back Rs90 towards the principal.However, to get the benefit with this scheme, the beneficiary has to link the Aadhaar no to the financial institution to avoid any kind of duplication. Under this scheme, all statutory towns as per Census 2011 and town notified will fall under this scheme. This subsidy scheme is designed to help government reaching the target of "Housing for All" by 2022 for lower and middle income group. Moreover, this will help in overcoming the house shortage problem which currently the country is facing.Read Full Report by International Land Developers:
The scene could not have been more quintessentially English.
An historic dining room, paneled in oak, with sweeping views from the mullioned windows across the lawns to the herbaceous borders beyond.
Fine dining at Ockenden Manor
As one gastronomic course followed another, each accompanied by a sensational sparkling wine designed to enhance its partnered plate, the conversation of the 20 or so guests turned inevitably to what made this Sussex occasion so special.
I say inevitably because this was a gathering of largely American journalists who had come on a fact-finding mission to learn why tourists from their motherland should make Sussex their destination.
The truth is, Sussex has not been a number one choice in the past.
It lies awkwardly outside the strategic corridor from Heathrow Airport to Manchester and has not only been largely ignored but worse, forgotten.
Fine dining at Ockenden Manor
But the county's rapidly emerging reputation for the best vineyards producing exceptional sparkling wine is changing perceptions - and fast.
This latest event was hosted by Sussex Historic Hotels at their showcase Ockenden Manor Hotel and Spa at Cuckfield and quite apart from the exquisite menu of home smoked mackerel, hand dived scallop, Trenchmore Farm beef, organic cheese, citrus fruits, and chocolate, the Wiston estate was pairing its finest wines.
Sussex's passion for the very best local produce and fizz is putting it on the international map.
And not before time.
Fine dining at Ockenden Manor
The announcement of a new Duke and Duchess of Sussex has given the initiative a Royal seal of approval.
The journalists who sat with us were completely new to the county - but gave the impression of already being smitten.
There are clearly many myths to dispel.
An out-dated notion States-side that England is all fish and chips with virtually nothing outside London - except possibly Stratford Upon Avon and Shakespeare - is a cliche, no matter how good the fish and chips!
It's not just that Sussex has great wine and food, nor that is boasts wonderful hotels, historic towns and villages, cosmopolitan Brighton, the natural magic that is the South Downs, and a shoreline to match the best of them.
It's clear that where we live is a gem.
Recently, West Sussex County Council launched its Box of Delights to focus on the many and varied reasons to visit Sussex.
The hope is, that growing interest generated by visits like the one to Ockenden Manor will truly transform the tourist economy and start to make sense of the national park designation.
Police and emergency services inspect a Toyota Landcruiser involved in a fatal crash at Apple Tree Creek.
TWO thirds of deaths on Bundaberg roads occur in high-speed zones.
Government crash statistics show 174 people were killed on Bundaberg region roads between 2001 and 2016. Of those deaths, 109 occurred on roads with 100 or 110kmh speed limits.
Nearly one in five road deaths happened on 60kmh roads - the second deadliest road type in the region.
Twenty-four people were killed on 80 and 90kmh zoned roads, three people killed on 70kmh roads and the remaining four deaths occurred on roads with speed limits of 50kmh or less.
QLD Road Fatalities 2001-2016 Explore the map or scroll through widgets to interact with the data
RACQ spokeswoman Lauren Ritchie said high-speed roads were inherently more dangerous.
"The faster you go, the harder you hit, so when you do get in a crash it's fairly serious," she said.
Ms Ritchie said as regional highways were often single-lane dual carriageways, head-on collisions at high speeds became more common.
READ MORE: WILL A $4.5 MILLION ROAD UPGRADE FIX ONE OF BUNDABERG'S DEADLIEST BLACKSPOTS?
Similarly, she said regional drivers were more likely to rely on highways than metropolitan drivers.
"The more frequently you travel on high-speed roads, the higher the chance of being involved in a serious crash," she said.
But she said the amount of traffic on 60kmh zones was why so many deaths occurred on slower speed roads.
"In more built-up areas there are more cars to interact with, but you are usually travelling at lower speeds."
Ms Ritchie said making roads, cars and drivers safer was the key to saving lives on our roads.
She said it was vital drivers avoided the fatal five driving mistakes: speeding, driving intoxicated, not wearing a seatbelt, driving fatigued and driving distracted.
"You have to be up for the challenge of driving safely every time," she said.
Welcome to the 2017 Racer X Online Actually Fun Gift Guide, presented by Ride365.com. We're attempting to make mundane Christmas gift shopping into something cool—starting with the fact that motocross gifts are the best gifts of all. Try Ride365.com to get your shopping list going this year, then check out some other cool products.
KTM's Ready to Race slogan means bikes that are capable of competing at a high level right out of the box—and that includes motors that aren't scared of big revs. KTM's 250 four-stroke offerings have always been revvers—scream ‘em and they'll go really fast. For a rider looking for a little bit more power down in the low-end and mid-range, Hot Cams has a solution. Its Stage 1 Intake Camshaft ($199.95) builds more power from the bottom end all the way to 11,000 RPM. There's a little less power above that 11,000 RPM ceiling, but those types of revs are usually reserved for highly-advanced riders. For average Joes, focusing on power gains below 11,000 RPM isn't a compromise—it's a solution.
The ascension to No. 1 in the World Ranking inevitably invites heightened scrutiny that some handle better than others. When history replays how Dustin Johnson— one of Golf World's Newsmakers of the Year —managed this rare air, it will note, perhaps ignominiously, that it wasn't the stares that undermined him. No, it was the stairs.
On the eve of the 2017 Masters, four days away from possibly slipping on the green jacket, the sublimely athletic wonder instead slipped on the hardwood in his rental house in Augusta, landing on his backside and injuring his back. Moments before his first-round tee time the following day, Johnson, the tournament favorite, withdrew.
“I was just wearing my socks. I just slipped as I was going down the stairs,” he told the media after his WD. “It's tough. I'm playing probably the best golf of my career, and I look forward to this tournament every year. And to have a freak accident happen yesterday afternoon after I got back from the course, it's tough.”
The golf world was thus left to ponder what might have been had Johnson stopped to consider that timeless truth—the first step is a doozy—and taken the requisite measures to avoid the pratfall.
Our conclusion: Sorry, Sergio.
However it goes, confidence breeding success or success breeding confidence, it was all working for Johnson when he arrived in Augusta. In his previous eight major championships, he had finished in the top 10 six times, including his breakthrough victory in the 2016 U.S. Open. In the two previous Masters, he had finished T-6 and T-4.
Moreover, Johnson had won his three prior starts—the Genesis Open, the WGC-Mexico Championship and the WGC-Dell Technologies Match Play—against strong international fields.
“Turn the calendar to the first full week in April, and Dustin Johnson's three straight victories suddenly seem like dress rehearsals,” the Associated Press' Doug Ferguson wrote in advance of the Masters .
Of course, there are no locks in golf, none at least since Bobby Locke. But DJ at Augusta last April seemed to be flirting with it, much as Tiger Woods did in his prime, and the betting odds swung in his favor.
Pinterest Getty Images (3) Johnson was confident starting Masters week but his fall forced him to make a tough decision that he later explained to the media.
The question then is pressure and a player's ability to disarm it when it's threatening a hostile takeover. Johnson's psyche seems unusually impervious to scar tissue, notwithstanding the well-documented opportunities it had to steer his major championship career in the direction of Greg Norman. The 2010 U.S. Open at Pebble Beach. The 2010 PGA at Whistling Straits. The 2011 British Open at Royal St. George's. And of course, the 2015 U.S. Open at Chambers Bay, where a three-putt from eight feet on the 72nd hole turned a win into a loss. All those disappointments were tempered when Johnson finally walked away with the big trophy at the Open at Oakmont in 2016. Finally his luck had turned from bad to good (or so we thought).
A short memory is the most useful tool in a golfer's arsenal, and whatever is occupying Johnson's mind at any given moment on the golf course apparently isn't susceptible to a coup attempt by demons. Still, stop for a moment to envision how 2017 might well have played out if not for that one unfortunate step:
Says here that DJ wins the Masters, depriving Sergio Garcia of his feel-good story (thankfully, his July wedding to Angela Akins would have proved no less rewarding). In turn the tenor of the rest of the year is dramatically altered. Maybe DJ's win streak stops at four, but he seems a cinch to have picked up another title or two (maybe even another major?). Regardless of the exploits of his pals Brooks Koepka, Jordan Spieth and Justin Thomas, Johnson no doubt runs away with a second straight PGA Tour player of the year, award. (Sorry, Justin.)
With no fewer than two major titles and two straight POYs to top a resume that includes at least 16 victories, the conversation surrounding Johnson begins to move toward whether he's done enough to secure a spot in the World Golf Hall of Fame.
Returning from this alternative history, the reality was that Johnson, did not play again after Augusta until the Wells Fargo Championship a month later. And he did not win again until the Northern Trust Open at the end of August, when he defeated Jordan Spieth in a playoff.
“It was a big win, for sure,” Johnson said, “especially after the start I got off to this year, and then having an injury there right before Augusta. It's been a tough road to get back to where I feel like my game's able to compete out here again.
“You know, finally this week's the first week that I felt like my game was in really good shape and is back to where it was, where I feel like I've got complete control over it.”
Impressively Johnson never lost his grip on the No. 1 ranking, a testament to all he had accomplished before his fall.
Pinterest Andrew Redington/Getty Images
No one seems capable of quantifying momentum in sports generally, though a trio of researchers in the United Kingdom attempted to do so in golf specifically, with their treatise, “ The hot hand phenomenon: Measurement issues using golf as an exemplar .”
They concluded that “this paper has presented a novel approach to identifying potential streakiness and a statistical method but future work should continue to seek out the most appropriate statistical methods for determining streakiness.”
OK, then.
The naked eye, meanwhile, doesn't provide scientific evidence, but it is reasonably reliable in discerning patterns in the upper echelons of the game. What we see often are players winning one week and missing the cut the following week. But they're not Dustin Johnson, still a likely future World Golf Hall of Famer, and No. 1 in the World Ranking now for 48 consecutive weeks and counting. He won three straight, fell down the stairs and needed five months to get back up.
And in that moment, what we saw was that the best player in the world, dominating on the world stage, playing a tournament on which his record was trending up, all added up to a 42 long, in green.
If only he'd been able to stick his landing.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
Okanogan Days set for this Saturday
 The city's annual kickoff to summer – Okanogan Days - will be Saturday, June 2.
Activities start at 7 a...
Zimbabwe will conduct fresh research on post-Independence civil disturbances in Matabeleland and Midlands to establish exact issues that require redress. This will inform decisions related to the disturbances.
The National Peace and Reconciliation Commission is leading the research, which includes one-on-one interviews in affected communities. The Commission will soon visit Gwanda and Bindura, engaging religious organisations, civil society, traditional leaders and any concerned residents.
NPRC Acting Chairperson Mrs Lilian Chigwedere told The Sunday Mail: “We need to address the real issues, but we can't do that without visiting the past and the affected communities to hear what they experienced, otherwise we will be making assumptions.
“As it stands, what we know is what (civil groups) say. What do the people say? Only the affected communities can really tell us what happened. There is need to follow up with proper research.
“The communities will open up during our consultations and then we will investigate further and come up with our own reports. All these reports (there is talk of the Dumbuchena report; the Chihambakwe report, both of which are said not to have been released) … Then there is the CCJP (Catholic Commission on Justice and Peace) report.
“Our focus as we go out is to encourage people to tell the truth, with the ultimate goal of sustainable peace. This is going to be a community-driven initiative.
“Even recommendations are going to come out of what society wants; if it is an apology they want, if it is compensation or reburials, the communities will guide us accordingly. We will walk with the people all the way.”
Mrs Chigwedere said the NPRC would deal with other past conflicts apart from Gukurahundi.
“Conflicts date back to time immemorial. They are specific to communities or periods. The issues raised by people from Mashonaland Central are likely to be different from those that will be raised in Masvingo or Matabeleland.
“Section 10 of the NPRC Act gives us the power to engage anyone whom we believe can contribute to our findings. So, while it is still too early to say whom we will engage, no one is above the law.
“Apart from addressing post-conflict (scenarios), the Commission also seeks to mitigate future conflicts through early detection of potential conflict areas.”
In an interview with the BBC in Switzerland two weeks ago, President Emmerson Mnangagwa said Government wanted to bring closure to matters around Gukurahundi.
Vice-President Kembo Mohadi heads the Organ on National Peace and Reconciliation.
The NPRC, which was in 2013 given a 10-year mandate to achieve peace and bring about healing and reconciliation through the Constitution, has the mammoth task of investigating the conflicts that the country has endured in the past and come up with recommendations.
Nine members, led by the late chairperson Cyril Ndebele, were sworn into office on February 24, 2016. President Mnangagwa signed the National Peace and Reconciliation Bill into law on January 5, 2018, operationalising the Commission.
“Already five years have been lost so we have to move with speed,” said Mrs Chigwedere. “We have to do 10 years' work in the remaining five years and we are eager to move Zimbabwe to a level of cohesiveness, where there are no demarcations.”
According to Section 252 of the Constitution, the NPRC is mandated to ensure post conflict justice, healing and reconciliation and developing programmes that promote national healing, unity and peaceful conflict resolution. Sunday Mail
Contrary to media reports, the Swedish carmaker might not bring BS-VI cars in a hurry
Several media reports suggest that Volvo is planning to bring BS-VI compliant cars to India much before the 2020 deadline. But in our conversation with a company representative, we came to know that introducing cars with BS-VI compliant engines might not be a good idea after all. The main reason being cars will have to make do with BS-IV fuel outside of NCR since cleaner fuel will be available only in that region from April, 2018.
This really won't serve the sophisticated Volvos right as mixing up of BS-IV and BS-VI fuel might cause complications inside the cars. It might end up affecting the fuel delivery and in turn the performance of the car. While running a BS-IV car on BS-VI fuel won't pose any mechanical problem except for a higher fuel cost, doing vice versa will put unnecessary strain on the fuel pump and other internal units of the car. New Volvo On The Block: 2017 Volvo XC60: First Drive Review
So a wise decision might be to stick to BS-IV compliant cars unless stricter emission norms are implemented across the country. Volvo can easily introduce the BS-VI compliant cars earlier than its competitors as it already has Euro-VI engines in its global lineup. Also Read: Effect Of BS-VI Grade Fuel On Vehicles In Delhi
Volvo also aims to electrify all its products by 2019, thereby completely bidding adieu to purely internal combustion engines. The company plans to introduce several of its hybrid and electric cars in India as soon as 2019. Related: BS-VI Fuel Is Almost Here But Where Are BS-VI Cars?
GRANITEVILLE, S.C. (WJBF) – A new Charter school could be coming to Graniteville.
The Aiken County Board of Education will be discussing an application from the Cotton Mill Charter School on Tuesday night.
According to the institutions Facebook page it will be open for students from kindergarten to 5th grade.
The public charter school is set to open by August of 2018.
always has twists and turns in the house. We have seen Arshi Khan's inclination towards co-contestant Hiten Tejwani but it seems all over now.Hiten who claimed to save Arshi Khan from the nominations, actually lied that he saved her; he didn't. On day 71, Hiten and Vikas were seen discussing about it while Vikas pointing out at Hiten that he should not have lied to Arshi. Vikas says If you lied, you must have told this to Arshi because she saved you from the nominations unlike you.Priyank when asks Arshi if she spoke to Hiten, she reacts, 'Who Hiten? I don't want to talk about him'.Puneesh and Shilpa also talks about Hiten; Puneesh says that Hiten's face is revealed. Shilpa says that Hiten wanted to be in good books that is why he didn't tell Arshi and agrees to what Hina Khan earlier said about Hiten that he follows Vikas to play the game.Stay tuned for all Bigg Boss news and updates.
Credit: NPS
The desert tortoise is usually a solitary animal, except during mating season. Then, both male and female tortoises of the same sex will fight each other when they cross paths. Males are especially combative at this time and use a structure known as a gulag scute, which grows outward under their neck from their shell, to ram and flip over a potential male rival. A flipped male has not only lost the battle but if he cannot right himself, he will die from the heat of the desert sun.
By Nurudeen Obalola and Johnny Edward in Uyo: Chipolopolo Zambia will have a feel of the Godswill Akpabio Stadium pitch today by 5pm when they hold their first and only training session here in Uyo Completesportsnigeria.com reports.
The team arrived in Uyo on Thursday from Abuja.
A high-ranking official of the Football Association of Zambia confirmed to Completesportsnigeria.com that the team will train at the main pitch of the stadium, which will host the key Russia 2018 World Cup qualifier.
“The team will train today (Friday) by 5pm,” General Secretary of the Football Association of Zambia (FAZ) Ponga Liwewe told Completesportsnigeria.com at Zambia's camp, the Davok Suites inside the swank Ewet Federal Housing Estate.
When Completesportsnigeria.com asked Mr Liwewe about a press conference before or after their training session, he replied: “We don't plan to have any. You want one?”
When we said “Yes, sir,” Liwewe promised he would consult with his colleagues amd try to arrange one.
The Zambians will need an outright win against the Super Eagles of Nigeria on Saturday to retain their chances of qualifying for the FIFA World Cup in Russia.
Nigeria lead African qualifying Group B with 10 points from four matches, three points ahead of Zambia with two rounds of games left.
REVERSE ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION Within 3Days And Make Her Happy Again!! Guaranteed!!! All NATURAL! No Side-Effects! Click Here!now.
Uncover how I make $750 weekly on Facebook using never been revealed Social Media tools.
A Melbourne couple has denied keeping an illegal Indian immigrant as a slave, beating and mistreating her until she literally collapsed.
The woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons as she has been deemed a vulnerable witness, came to Australia in 2007 on a one-month tourist visa.
She was to work for a Mount Waverley couple — cooking, cleaning and helping to raise their three children.
However, it is alleged that despite being promised 7000 rupees (about $A143) a month, she was never paid. Instead she was neglected to the point of collapsing in a pool of her own urine.
Advertisement
She came to Australia for a better life — she had lost her family home in India after her husband died and she accumulated debts paying for her daughter's wedding.
After being beaten up by her sons, her daughter and son-in-law arranged for her to work for husband and wife, Kandasamy and Kumuthini Kannan.
The woman, who allegedly subsisted on rice and tea as her health deteriorated, told police the Kannans made her work from 5.30am to 3am each day, with Mrs Kannan beating her if her work wasn't up to scratch.
She claimed Mrs Kannan sometimes hit her with household items like frozen produce and knives, kicked her and would pull her hair.
On Monday, Melbourne Magistrates Court was told that while the Kannans and their children were on holiday, the woman would be locked inside the house without a key, unable to leave.
Finally in July 2015, the woman was taken to Box Hill Hospital after Mrs Kannan called triple-0, with paramedics finding the woman suffering severe hypothermia and in an altered state of consciousness.
According to hospital records, the woman had a case of urinary sepsis that would have been fatal if left untreated, type 2 diabetes, was malnourished and had crusted lesions on her hands and feet.
The woman's teeth had also fallen out.
The Kannans have each been charged with possessing a slave between July 2007 and July 2015, exercising ownership over a slave, and harbouring an unlawful non-citizen.
They both deny the allegations, claiming "all her needs were met" and that their children regarded her as their "ammachi" — or grandmother.
The Kannans also claim the woman's son-in-law had tried to extort money from them by making allegations of slavery, which would be withdrawn in return for a specified sum of money.
On Monday, the woman gave evidence via video link with the help of an interpreter, stating she hoped to return to India soon.
A five-day committal hearing to determine if the Kannans will stand trial is expected to continue until Friday.
National news sources are claiming a feud between rival Minecraft gamers is the reason why 24,000 threatening emails were sent to schools and colleges in the UK.
Hundreds of schools were on alert and some evacuated their buildings, telling parents to collect their children after receiving messages containing what police described as a “bomb hoax”.
Police forces around the country have said there are not believed to be any “viable threats”.
Minecraft is one of the most popular video games on the planet with more than 144 million copies sold across all platforms, making it the second best-selling video game of all time.
The creative and building aspects of Minecraft allow players to build with a variety of different cubes in a 3D procedurally generated world. Other activities in the game include exploration, resource gathering, crafting, and combat.
Following the widespread reports of bomb hoaxes across the country, Sky News is reporting that the emails were spoofed to look like they had been sent by a gaming network known as VeltPvP.
The malicious emails were designed to result in the domain being suspended for abuse.
VeltPvP is a Minecraft player-versus-player server - a type of server run by businesses that sell items in-game to players.
Those involved in the conflict, which centres around the Velt server operators, claimed their opponents have engaged in illegal activities to harass each other.
A $560 million rapid transport system called SkyCabs has been mooted as the answer to Tauranga's increasingly congested roads.
''It would be iconic for Tauranga to have something like this,'' the council's transport committee chairman Rick Curach said.
He was responding to a presentation yesterday by SkyCabs designer and Auckland architect Hugh Chapman who said the system would halve the travelling time of cars and buses at peak times.
''It is a system that could really change transport patterns.''
Advertisement
Tauranga could become the first city in the world to introduce the patented system that differed from traditional monorail systems by having driverless cabs hanging underneath rather than sitting above a beam raised eight to 10 metres above city footpaths.
Councillor Curach promised Chapman that the committee would offer feedback on SkyCabs once it had discussed the concept at a later date.
''We will be in touch.''
Dozens of these cabs could be whizzing around above Tauranga footpaths in a few years time. Image/SkyCabs
Mayor Greg Brownless liked that SkyCabs' funding estimates did not call for operating subsidies from city ratepayers. He described the plan as ''futuristic''.
Chapman proposed that the Government would contribute $280m of the cost to build the four lines. A total of $224m would be shared by private equity and bank loans and $56m would come from the new Regional Development Fund.
The cost included stations spaced at every 750m to 1km of line, with the cabs averaging 60km/h.
Chapman said construction would cost about $21m per kilometre which was up to two-thirds less than alternatives like busways and bus lanes, light rail, a standard monorail and personal rapid transit.
There would be enough cabs to move 4800 seated passengers per hour in each direction - the equivalent of almost two lanes of flowing motorway traffic.
The system had the potential to move 9000 people per hour seated and standing in the cabs. Peak time frequency would be 15 to 20 cabs per hour, with waiting times of 30 seconds to a maximum of four minutes.
Chapman said the eight-seater electric cabs would run on each side of the beam, with economies of scale from the modular construction.
The longest line of 8.7km would run between the cruise ship terminal and the CBD, via Totara St, with a link to the airport. The other side of the Mount Maunganui connection to the cruise ship terminal was a 5.1km line via Maunganui Rd and a link to the airport.
The shortest line at 3km was Maunganui Rd from Hewletts Rd to Baypark stadium.
On the city side, a 7km line would run from First Ave to Barkes Corner along Cameron Rd. A future 8km line was Otumoetai Rd linking with Cameron Rd via Chapel St and Waihi Rd.
Chapman envisaged SkyCabs could capitalise on the development of a specialist mountain bike track on spare land at the back of the racecourse at Greerton.
He said fares would be ''a bit above'' existing BayHopper bus fares although he did not have any figures.
Councillor Larry Baldock said Chapman would need to do a lot more work to convince him that SkyCabs could run without subsidies.
Asked whether a fifth line from 15th Ave and Turret Rd to Welcome Bay could be added, he said SkyCabs was very adaptable.
''It would be marvellous for getting people into the centre of the city.''
SkyCabs' first four routes proposed to be built along Tauranga's main roads. Image/SkyCabs
SkyCabs advantages
- No land acquisition
- Cheaper and quicker to build
- Used one tenth of the concrete of traditional monorails
- Less disruption to existing businesses
- Less inconvenience to road traffic during construction
Family calls for inquest into Gloriavale teen's death
Prayer Ready, 14, died in 2015, after choking on her dinner while shut in a room with her family.
Now, imagine that confetti is money. Mitchell Leff/Getty Images
The Philadelphia Eagles have plenty of reasons to be confident going into the Super Bowl. Sure, the New England Patriots are a machine melded from talent, experience, and grit, but the Eagles are comfortable as the underdogs. It's a role they've played all postseason, and thanks to their playmaking defense and the steady performance of backup quarterback Nick Foles, Philadelphia has a real shot at shocking the Patriots on Sunday.
I wouldn't bet a million bucks on it, however. Even so, others would—and a select few actually have.
According to ESPN's David Purdum, at least four separate million-dollar-plus bets have been placed on the Eagles ahead of Super Bowl LII. “William Hill reported taking a $1.6 million bet on the Eagles +4.5 and another $1 million money-line bet on Philadelphia,” Purdum writes. “Last week, MGM's sportsbook reported taking a ‘multimillion' bet on the Eagles,” and another million-dollar money-line wager was placed on the Eagles on Friday. (There have been no reported million-dollar bets placed on New England.)
The Super Bowl always prompts a gambling frenzy, but this rush of seven-figure Eagles bets is a little surprising. For reference, there was just a single reported million-dollar wager on last year's game.
What could possibly account for this surge of confidence in the underdogs? According to our proprietary gaming analysis algorithm, there are precisely five reasons why someone would take a $1 million risk on the Eagles.
1. A rakish billionaire spots your spouse from across the casino floor, becomes enamored, and offers $1 million to spend the night with her. They depart in a helicopter and, considering you have some time to kill, you head to the sportsbook. Rather than spend the evening panicking about whether or not your wife will return, you bet the million bucks on the Eagles and panic about that instead.
2. A source inside the Patriots' locker room informs you that Tom Brady ate a bell pepper. The dreaded nightshade causes the quarterback's finely tuned microbiome to revolt and, as a result, he forgets how to play football. Thanks to this tip, the money-line Eagles bet becomes a smart play.
3. An acquaintance gives you a copy of The Secret. You're usually not into new-age self-help stuff, but something about it really speaks to you. You become obsessed with the power of positive thinking, and this religious devotion to optimism leaves no room for rational, healthy doubt. You are also Nick Foles, and so you bet $1 million on your team to win the Super Bowl.
4. Having grown numb to the pain of watching the Patriots win, you wager $1 million against them in a desperate attempt to feel something—anything—should those smug pissants do it again.
5. The Eagles are due, baby!
One more thing You depend on Slate for sharp, distinctive coverage of the latest developments in politics and culture. Now we need to ask for your support. Our work is more urgent than ever and is reaching more readers—but online advertising revenues don't fully cover our costs, and we don't have print subscribers to help keep us afloat. So we need your help. If you think Slate's work matters, become a Slate Plus member. You'll get exclusive members-only content and a suite of great benefits—and you'll help secure Slate's future. Join Slate Plus
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Nearly 50 students, representing eight area high schools competed in the annual computer programming contest hosted by The University of Scranton's Computing Sciences Department. During the competition, 17 teams of two or three students each used their programming language to solve computer-programming problems.
A team of students from Scranton Preparatory School won the competition. The students on the team that placed first were Kailey Bridgeman, Charles Kulick and Colin Pierce. Zach Hercher and Will Thomas from North Pocono High School placed second. Cuong Nguyen and Ryan Chan from Scranton Preparatory School placed third.
Abington Heights High School students participated in computer programming contest.
From left, first row: Abington Heights students Clay Davis, Maddie Badalamente and Ryan Siebecker. Second row: coach Amanda Jones; Greg Guditus, Liam Pitchford, Adam Traweek, Arjun Iyengar, Ari Wisenburn, Dominick DeSeta and Sean McTiernan, a sophomore at The University of Scranton majoring in computer science.
Tribune editorial exposes writer's ignorance
August 13, 2017
OPINION by JULIE TACKER
In addition to being factually inaccurate, the Tribune's recent editorial, “Arroyo Grande mayor claims he did nothing wrong. So why is he so quiet?” takes a poorly aimed pot-shot at Mayor Jim Hill.
The Tribune editorial staff suggests an email that was blind copied to Jeff Edwards, intended for me (we share an email account), was sent to the district's attorney, and “other officials.” This is factually inaccurate.
The email in question was sent only to the sanitation district's legal counselors, former administrator Gerhardt Hubner, Superintendent John Clemons and me – no “officials” were copied. This is just part of what's wrong with the investigations mash-up of several email strings that were the subject of a complaint filed against Clemons by Nancy MacNeil, Oceano resident and wife of former sanitation district board member Mary Lucey.
In fact, the mash-up of emails are put in chronological order, but are incongruent and disjointed as they are sent to and from different people and have differing subject lines. I had never seen any of these emails until the report became public and until now had not seen anything confidential or that was “attorney work product privileges.”
The email in question was blind copied to me because I was one of several meeting attendees who witnessed the Dec. 21 incident at a sanitation district meeting. Those inside the boardroom could hear the noisy dust up in the parking lot where Lucey and MacNeil threatened Clemons; saying “watch your back” after a disagreement ensued over a $600 washer/dryer purchase.
The intent of the purchase was to wash sewage spills from employee's personal garments and dry jackets and coats that had been soaked while working in heavy rain events. Hubner disagreed with the purchase, the unit was returned and no cost was incurred by the district. The wisdom surrounding the return is still a question in my mind.
I was interviewed in the Hill investigation by Scott Nelson who showed me a redacted copy of the subject email, and asked why I thought I was copied.
The redactions by the sanitation district were such that neither Nelson nor I had the full context of the subject. I answered by looking at the date, it has to be related to the Nancy MacNeil complaint. I also told Nelson, I was at the meeting where the incident took place and was probably copied because I would likely be questioned.
That email is still in my inbox, my copy is not redacted, I have gone back and read it and know exactly what it says and am no longer guessing, as the investigator was, at what it said. I would be happy to share it with him today, if I thought it would change his report.
The only thing confidential in the email is the word; “confidential” in the subject line, the email itself did not contain MacNeil's complaint or any other “personal” information about any “personnel matter.”
The editorial takes a pot-shot at me too, repeating the investigators statement, “This person is not a ratepayer or associated with the district in any tangible way…” I may not be a ratepayer in that district, but I am informed and involved, and have been for nearly a decade.
I am a county-wide board watcher. The sanitation district under John Wallace went unchecked by citizens; sewage treatment is not a subject that interests of most people.
I also was called a “supporter” of Mayor Hill; my observations of Hill are that he is the most thorough government official I have ever watched at a dais. The voters of Arroyo Grande are fortunate to have someone as detail oriented and intelligent looking over the matters of their community. These observations are not necessarily “support.” Hill and I differ greatly on some important topics at the sanitation district and national politics.
The editorial fails to delve into much of the meat in the report, another topic suggests Hill acted unilaterally and interfered in a contract extension. Hill did nothing of the sort. I know, because I requested the contract at issue prior to its extension.
A quick perusal of the contract revealed it had expired and it needed revision. I brought it to Hill's attention, he contacted legal counsel and legal telephoned Hubner.
Hubner apparently had also noticed the error and had begun the process of extending the contract, likely because the request had brought it to his attention. Hill's alerting legal counsel was in no way “unilateral” or “interfering,” it was notifying legal counsel of a mistake and taking it through the proper channels to see it was fixed.
Contracts are in place to protect both parties, the district was at risk as long as it was operating under an expired contract.
This, along with countless other documents, was thrown like mud on a wall to see if anything would stick.
As the report contends, most of these documents were irrelevant to the original accusations. When investigator Nelson told me he had nine three-inch binders of material, mostly from the accusers in Oceano, and proceeded to ask me about former Oceano CSD general manager's, Tom Geaslen and Lonnie Curtis (the two were found either stealing red handed or stealing by incompetence and were hired and fired long after Hill left Oceano), I knew the investigation was a ‘witch hunt' and I said so at the time.
No one that was interviewed was under oath. No one that was interviewed was under penalty of perjury. There are no national secrets in Arroyo Grande or at the Sanitation District, and as it turns out nothing “confidential” was shared.
Investigator Nelson assured me he had 31-years of experience in these types of investigations and would stake his reputation on it. Some investigator. He conducted his investigation without questioning the principal party involved — Mayor Hill.
Nelson's report plays politics instead of being impartial; in my opinion Nelson's reputation is mud.
An irony in all of this is that at the time the investigation began; only sanitation board members and Patty Welsh had Hubner's contract with his Ventura address on it. Now, as part of the report, that unredacted address is now available on the internet – for all to see. Wasn't this the “threat of litigation” that started the whole investigation?
Perhaps the most ironic thing in all of this is the report itself; and it's there, plain as the nose on one's face, on the front page, posted on both the City of Arroyo Grande and South San Luis Obispo County Sanitation District's websites, reported by several media outlets and linked on their websites for all the world to access:
“Report of Investigation regarding the joint investigation by the City of Arroyo Grande, California and the South San Luis Obispo County Sanitation District” (wait for it) “Confidentiality Notice — This report is subject to the attorney-client communication privilege and the attorney work product doctrine. Unauthorized viewing of this document is strictly prohibited.” Just because it says “confidential” on it doesn't necessarily mean it's confidential.
Loading...
Here's a WJON FlashBriefing for September 25, 2017.
CAR HITS BOY -- Serious injuries for a 12-year-old boy, hit by a car while crossing a highway in Elk River. Happened Sunday night on Highway 169 at Main Street. Life threatening injuries for the boy -- Ian Kniseley of Elk River.
DUCK HUNTING ACCIDENT -- A 16-year-old boy, shot in the leg by his 17-year-old hunting partner, who thought the shotgun was empty when it was cased. It wasn't. happened on North Union Lake Saturday near Alexandria.
DOWNTOWN TRAFFIC RE-OPENS -- Ribbon-cutting and road re-opening ceremonies Tuesday evening after a summer of road reconstruction and improvements to 5th Avenue downtown. The project started in June.
742 ENROLLMENT -- Enrollment's up in the St. Cloud Area School District. 10,147 this fall -- 286 more than last year, but still fewer than in 2014 and 2015. The district's been working to retain and attract students.
LEAF EXPANDS -- The St. Cloud area school district's Local Education and Activities Foundation has started a new fund to help disadvantaged kids to take part in school activities. The Activities Participation Fund will help with some costs like physicals, equipment and transportation for after-school activities.
VFW MEMBERSHIP -- Declining membership and how to attract younger members was a big discussion at this weekend's VFW Fall Conference. Possible solutions? Everything from providing childcare to helping pay membership dues to local VFW post tours.
ST. CLOUD JOB FAIR -- Looking for a job? Area businesses will be at the River's Edge Convention Center Tuesday afternoon for the St. Cloud Area Job Fair. It's free.
TARGET WAGES -- Target's raising its minimum wage to $11-an-hour next month -- and $15-an-hour by the end of 2020. The company, hoping to better recruit and retain staff.
South Korea's Asiana Airlines chairman Park Sam-koo bows in apology during a press conference in Seoul, South Korea, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Park has apologized for in-flight meal service disruptions and a reported suicide at a meal supplier. Ahn Young-joon AP Photo
A real-time clock (RTC) or a semiconductor clock is an Integrated Circuit(IC) that not only keeps track of current time but also ensures smooth functioning of electronic devices by maintaining proper time among device components. The semiconductor clocks are used in embedded systems, servers and personal computers among others which needs to keep track of accurate time.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/semiconductors-clock-market.html
A Semiconductor Clock has various advantages, such as low power consumption, the ability to free the main system for time critical tasks, and capability to provide more accurate time than the other methods. The most crucial among them is the lower power consumption which is acting as the primary force driving the growth of the global semiconductor clock market. An integrated clock enables all electronic devices to maintain current time even when the device is switched off. However the amount of power consumed in integrated clocks is high, and it eventually leads to the loss of power of the device completely, within a short span of time. A RTC, on the other hand, is able to perform the same function for the device thereby ensuring minimal power consumption.
In addition, advancements in the MEMS technologies is also driving the global semiconductor clock market. Increasing focus on funding and rising number of investors on MEMS oscillators has enabled the RTS manufacturers to introduce variety of innovative features that includes packaging and fabrication in MEMS oscillators. These oscillator manufacturers are continually upgrading features such as power consumption, noise jitter, and frequency stability. Technological developments in the MEMS oscillators are making the semiconductor clock devices faster, cost effective, and energy efficient.
Semiconductor clocks faced with the issue of poor accuracy as it can only be updated per seconds and not per fraction of seconds. The accuracy of a semiconductor clock is determined by a time base oscillator which typically has a 32.768 kHz crystal. These crystals are very cheap but fall behind in terms of timekeeping, thereby reducing the accuracy of the semiconductor clocks. All these factors are acting as a restraining factor in the growth of global semiconductor clocks market.
The global semiconductor clock market can be segmented on the basis of application and geography. By application the global semiconductor clock market can be sub-segmented as telecommunications sector, automotive applications, industrial devices, computing devices and consumer electronic devices. In terms of application, the consumer electronic devices sector held the largest market share and is expected to continue its dominance throughout the forecast period from 2016 to 2024.. The consumer electronic devices segment includes essential electronic devices such as cameras, washing machines, TVs, refrigerators, smartphones, tablets, ACs, and wearable and display technologies. Since almost all of these devices run on the basis of time-based information, the demand for RTC clocks in these markets is expected to rise significantly over the next few years.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=15023
By geography the global semiconductor market can be categorized as North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and Rest of World (Row). Among the regions, a significant portion of the worldwide Real Time Clock (RTC) market is held by Asia Pacific. And the prospect of growth in this market is propelled by the recent shift of chip manufacturing units from the developed countries such as U.S to Asia-Pacific regions. These shift of chip manufacturing units to Asia-Pacific regions is primarily being fueled by the abundance of cheap labor available in this part of the world.
The key-players in the global semiconductor clocks markets include TXC Corporation (Taiwan), Si Time (U.S), Murata (Japan), Kyocera (Japan), Daishinku Corporation (Japan), IQD (U.K), Integrated Device Technology (U.S), Abracon Corporation (U.S), Texas Instruments (U.S), STMicroelectronics (Switzerland), Ricoh (Japan), NXP Semiconductors (Netherlands) , Maxim Integrated (U.S), and Epson (Japan).
The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
ABUCAY, Bataan: Five local terrorists died as they tried to attack the police station here.
On board a car, the armed men, one in police uniform, approached the closed front gate of the police station and told police officers they were there for inspection.
Police officers on duty asked for a “password” but instead the armed men opened fire. Two police officers stood their ground and fired back, hitting one of the terrorists. By this time, the deputy police chief had already called for reinforcement.
Another terrorist attempted to throw a hand grenade but was also shot dead. The three remaining armed men then escaped on board a car but were flagged down at a checkpoint put up by responding government troops a few meters from the Roman Superhighway.
The armed men engaged the pursuing operatives and were slain by superior lawmen.
However, these were only a simulation exercises participated in by members of the Police Public Safety Company, Special Weapon and Tactics Bomb Squad and the Abucay police.
“This is an exercise in preparedness of the police against the attack of any criminal group,” Insp. Eric Manuel, Abucay deputy police chief explained.
He said the exercise was regularly done in all police stations in the province based on the directive of provincial director, Senior Supt. Benjamin Silo Jr.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Apple has bought Shazam, the maker of a song-recognition app that Apple's digital assistant Siri has already been using to help people identify the music playing on their iPhones.
The companies didn't disclose the price of the acquisition announced Monday. Technology news site Recode previously reported Apple is paying about $400 million for Shazam, citing three unidentified people familiar with the deal.
Apple Inc. issued a statement describing Shazam as "natural fit" with its services.
"We have exciting plans in store, and we look forward to combining with Shazam," Apple said. The Cupertino, California, company declined to say whether Shazam's app will still be available after the deal closes.
Advertisement
Some of Shazam's features conceivably could be blended into Apple's music streaming services, which has accumulated more than 27 million subscribers since the company created it in 2015.
Siri began drawing upon Shazam's technology to answer questions about songs as part of a 2014 update to the iPhone's operating system.
The Shazam deal marks Apple's biggest acquisition in music since paying $3 billion for Beats Electronics' line of headphones and music service in 2014.
Digital services have been playing an increasingly important role for Apple as the sales of iPhones — the company's main moneymaker — have slowed. Software and other services generated $30 billion in revenue during Apple's last fiscal year, a 23 percent increase from the previous year.
Shazam was founded in 2002 and made one of the first apps for the iPhone. It has about 250 employees working at its London headquarters and seven other offices in the U.S., Australia and Germany.
BEIJING (AP) — Chinese Premier Li Keqiang appealed to Washington on Tuesday to "act rationally" and avoid disrupting trade over steel, technology and other disputes, promising that Beijing will "open even wider" to imports and investment.
"No one will emerge a winner from a trade war," said Li, the No. 2 Chinese leader, at a news conference held during the meeting of China's ceremonial legislature.
Li made no mention of a possible Chinese response in the event U.S. President Donald Trump raises import barriers over trade complaints against Beijing, but other officials say President Xi Jinping's government is ready to act.
Trump's government already has raised import duties on Chinese-made washing machines and other goods to offset what it says are improper subsidies and is investigating whether Beijing pressures foreign companies to hand over technology, which might lead to trade penalties. That has prompted fears of Chinese retaliation.
Advertisement
"What we hope is for us to act rationally rather than being led by emotions," said Li. "We don't want to see a trade war."
Commerce Minister Zhong Shan said on March 11 that China will "resolutely defend" its interests. He gave no details but business groups say Beijing might target U.S. exports of jetliners, soybeans and other goods for which China is a major market.
Asked whether Beijing might use its large holdings of U.S. government debt as leverage, the premier said its investments are based on market principles and "China will remain a responsible long-term investor."
Li promised more market-opening and other reforms as Xi's government tries to make its cooling, state-dominated economy more productive. He said Beijing will make it easier to start a business and will open more industries to foreign and private competition.
The ruling Communist Party promised in 2013 to give a bigger role to market forces and entrepreneurs who generate most of China's new jobs and wealth.
Reform advocates complain they are moving too slowly, but hope Xi, who took power in 2012, might accelerate changes after focusing during his first five-year term as party leader on cementing his status as China's most dominant figure since at least the 1980s.
"If there is one thing that will be different from the past, that will be that China will open even wider," said Li.
Beijing plans to "further bring down overall tariffs," with "zero tariffs for drugs, especially much-needed anti-cancer drugs," the premier said.
Li repeated a promise he made March 5 at the opening of the legislature to "fully open the manufacturing sector" to foreign competitors.
"We will also fully open the manufacturing sector," the premier said. "There will be no mandatory requirement for technology transfers and intellectual property rights will be better protected."
The government has yet to say how that might change conditions for automakers and other manufacturers that are required to work through Chinese partners, which requires them to give technology to potential competitors.
In a sign of Li's reduced status as President Xi Jinping amasses power, the premier was flanked by eight newly promoted economic officials, in contrast to previous years when he appeared alone at the annual news conference.
They included Liu He, a Harvard-trained Xi adviser who was named a vice premier Monday and has told foreign businesspeople he will oversee economic reform. Neither Liu nor any of the other officials spoke at the event.
The premier traditionally is China's top economic official but Xi has stripped Li of his most prominent duties by appointing himself to lead ruling party bodies that oversee economic reform and finance policy.
Many people are joining the Believers' LoveWorld (BLW) Medical Corps, an independent NGO, guided by Pastor Chris Oyakhilome and aimed at helping people and battering the world through the word of God.
It's a global Christian medical outreach, committed to providing medical care, relief assistance, and sustainable health care solutions in regions of crisis and to communities in dire need.
The volunteer Medical Corps has extended healing and medical help to the sick, weary, and despondent people all around the globe.
Recent important projects include a successful hospital outreach at The Kenyatta National Hospital in Kenya and hospital outreach in Zambia where volunteers distributed gifts, Healing School magazines and encouraged patients with the Word of God.
Moreover, Volunteer Medical Corps, including doctors and nurses have been successfully initiating and participating in blood donations activities, educational campaigns about tobacco consumption and medical aid and relief to children in prisons in India, Zimbabwe and Kenya.
In addition, the 2017 Volunteer Medical Corps (VMC) online conference took place this past October 28th where volunteers participated from all across the world in a one day transforming event.
Believers' LoveWorld (BLW) Medical Corps turned into reality thanks to the large-scale philanthropist Pastor Chris Oyakhilome who firmly believes that charity and contributing to the community is a vital part of life. According to his preaching, a Christian's mission in life is to serve God's will, and thus, just as Jesus did in his time, Pastor Chris Oyakhilome makes helping the needy a central part of his life.
Appropriate relief materials, medical assistance and health education are given to displaced populations including refugees and internally displaced persons in regions affected by natural or man-made disasters. In addition, health education and man power development training is provided to local health workers in underserved communities.
The philanthropic help of Pastor Chris Oyakhilome stands behind the numerous activities and possibilities of the Believers' LoveWorld (BLW) Medical Corps. His vision and guidance stand behind the organization's purpose and the decision to allocate 90% of the public donations directly towards the projects the organization works on.
Volunteers and workers are admitted providing their goal is to enhance health, and are committed to the mission of providing humanitarian assistance to communities and persons in need.
2016-2018 Focus RS Carbon Fiber Chin Spoiler
Contact
California Pony Cars
***@calponycars.com California Pony Cars
End
-- BOD-146-150Want to Stand Out from the Crowd? Then take a look at our NXT Generation 2016-18 Ford Focus RS Carbon Fiber Chin Spoiler!California Pony Cars/// proudly announces another high quality and cutting-edge accessory for the popular 2016-2018 Ford Focus RS. This OEM style 2016-2018 Ford Focus RS Carbon Fiber Front Chin Spoiler is the latest item to be released in our NXT Generation accessory line.Our front bumper chin spoiler features genuine carbon fiber contrition that adds much style with a show quality finish and is a direct replacement of your plastic OEM chin spoiler. California Pony Cars/// only uses top grade materials when producing any of our products that will insure a show quality look and long product life.-Made of premium-quality 3K 2x2 Twill carbon fiber.-Lightweight Vacuum infused.-Durable high gloss finish with UV protection.-No modifications necessary.-Straight forward install.-OEM style and fitment-Paintable-Installs using all factory hardware.: This part fits 2016-2018 Focus RS models Only.CALIFORNIA PONY CARS (CPC) was established in 1982 as an American Made Manufacturer of die cast, plastic, fiberglass, and metal stamping products for the Mustang reproduction parts industry. Every product we manufacture must pass our own strict, rigid standards. In most cases our "Custom" quality surpasses the "production"quality of the original mass produced OEM part. When you buy California Pony Parts products, you can be sure you are receiving the highest quality products and that you are dealing with a company whose reputation for dependability, fairness, and customer satisfaction has helped California Pony Cars become a leader in the industry. We are very proud of our company's reputation for quality and customer service. For more information about California Pony Cars, check out the company's website at http://calponycars.com
Aim-quoted Chaarat has appointed COO Robert Benbow as an executive director to its board of directors with immediate effect.
Benbow was appointed COO on June 25, after merger and acquisition strategist Artem Volynets was named CEO.
Advertisement
Benbow, who has worked with Chaarat since September 2016, will continue to build and develop Chaarat's Tulkubash project, in Kyrgyzstan, and oversee mining operations once in production.
“Robert's appointment to the board reflects the importance of delivering full value from the Company's assets in the Kyrgyz Republic, and highlights his ability to support Chaarat's M&A activities,” the company stated.
Sir, – Your editorial on gangland killings (“When life is cheap”, February 1st) outlines the multipronged approach needed to address such problems, but fails to mention one of the vital components of such an approach, namely the health service.
Life is indeed cheap in some parts of this country, where death rates from illness can be more than twice the national average due to social deprivation.
Despite the much higher health needs, such areas have far less than adequate services to meet the demands, a phenomenon called the inverse care law. Nowhere does this apply more starkly than the areas of psychosocial services for children.
GPs and public health nurses at the front line of the health service can readily identify the vulnerable families and children who urgently need services to prevent the spiral of behaviour problems and drug use that culminates in gang problems. We see them long before they come to the attention of the law - sometimes when they are still in preschool.
Unfortunately all the services that could make an enormous difference to these children and their families are effectively closed to them – the two family therapy services in this area are currently closed to referrals from everyone except Tusla – the Child and Family Agency, and child psychology in Dublin 15 currently has a waiting time of 18 months (versus four months in nearby parts of the city).
I have too often watched the “slow-motion car crash” of a young person's progression from problems at school, through drug use and into criminality (or death), and witnessed all the lost opportunities to intervene, because none of these severely under-resourced services was available when the family needed it and was willing to engage. And then I have marvelled at how the funding always seems to be found to fund a prison place, at €70,000 a year.
This is a matter of Government policy – unlike the education service, for example, health services are not weighted to take account of the much higher needs in areas of disadvantage, with very predictable consequences.
The current debate on abortion has triggered, yet again, intense focus and concern for the welfare of unborn children. A fraction of this energy directed towards the born children of this country would be very welcome . – Yours, etc,
Dr EDEL McGINNITY,
Riverside Medical Centre,
Mulhuddart,
Dublin 15.
AHMED OUOBA/AFP The Istanbul restaurant hit is just 200 meters from a hotel and cafe targeted in a deadly attack in January 2016.
At least 18 people including foreigners were killed and a dozen others wounded in a "terrorist attack" by terrorists on a Turkish restaurant in the Burkina Faso capital, the government said Monday.
Two assailants were also killed by security forces who launched a counter-assault following Sunday night's attack on the restaurant popular with foreigners, Communications Minister Remis Dandjinou said. It was not clear how many gunmen were involved, AFP reported.
The security operation "has ended" but searches are continuing in buildings in the Ouagadougou neighborhood around the restaurant, Dandjinou told a press briefing early Monday carried on social media.
The Istanbul restaurant is just 200 meters (yards) from a hotel and cafe targeted in an assault in January 2016 that left 30 people dead and 71 wounded, many of them foreigners.
A government statement described the latest deadly shooting as a "terrorist attack", while President Roch Marc Christian Kabore condemned it as "a despicable attack that has Ouagadougou in mourning."
"The fight against terrorism is a long-term struggle," he said in a Twitter message.
A police officer who spoke to AFP on condition of anonymity cited witnesses as saying at least two assailants arrived on a motorcycle around 9:00 pm (2100 GMT) on Sunday armed with Kalashnikovs, and opened fire on the Istanbul restaurant.
A waiter also said he saw "three men arrive on a 4X4 vehicle around 9:30 pm, get off the vehicle and open fire on customers seated on the terrace".
The communications minister had earlier said that "some people were held" by the assailants and that "some were released", but gave no further details.
He said the 18 victims were of different nationalities, both Burkinabes and foreigners.
Turkey said one of its citizens was among the dead, while Paris prosecutors said at least one French national died in the shooting, which French President Emmanuel Macron condemned as a "terrorist attack."
The gunfire ended around 5:00 am Monday, according to an AFP journalist who was near the restaurant.
Burkina Faso, a poor landlocked nation bordering Mali and Niger, has seen a string of attacks claimed by terrorist groups in recent years.
In December 2016, a dozen soldiers were killed in an assault on their base in the north of the country. And in October that year there was an attack that killed four troops and two civilians.
MU Health Care starts construction, renovation works on University Hospital
University of Missouri (MU) Health Care has initiated construction works for the 27,307ft2 expansion and renovation of University Hospital's emergency department.
The project works involving an investment of $16m will add 6,335ft2 of additional space to the emergency department, and will also see a renovation of 20,972ft2 of existing space.
The projected is expected to be completed by the end of next year.
Upon completion of the project, 17 additional exam rooms will be added to the 21 existing exam rooms, taking the total number of exam rooms to 38.
The hospital will also feature ten new fast-track exam rooms and one additional triage area.
The University Hospital, which was opened in 1957, was last renovated in 2002.
University of Missouri Health Care CEO Jonathan Curtright said: “In 2016, University Hospital's emergency department provided care for more than 49,000 patients; up from 37,000 in 2011.
“We are on track to provide emergency care to more than 52,000 patients in 2017. Our ER expansion and renovation at University Hospital will provide needed space for treatment of the most severely ill and injured patients.”
University Hospital's emergency room will remain open to serve patients, during construction works.
In addition to the ER expansion and renovation works, the project includes renovation of 11,355ft2 of space for adding 24 new inpatient rooms for adults with medical and behavioural issues, and another 5,108ft2 on the second floor of the hospital for mechanical equipment.
The total cost of the University Hospital renovations and expansion will cost nearly $22.6m.
Image: MU Health Care begins construction and renovation work at the hospital. Photo: University of Missouri.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two men answered a plea for help after an ambulance became trapped in the snow late last night (December 11).
An image posted online showed the West Midlands Ambulance Service vehicle at Walnut Way in Longbridge at around 23.35pm.
There is no word as to the sort of incident the ambulance was attending when it became stuck.
However, two local men from the area answered a plea from local community user B31 Voices to head down with a shovel to clear the snow.
And as they got to work freeing the vehicle from the snow, paramedics treated the patient inside the ambulance.
Birmingham remains in the middle of the harshest weather in recent memory.
After a frustrating weekend of disrupted services and heavy snow, temperatures have dropped well below freezing overnight.
The majority of schools will remain closed today (December 12) with plans to reopen on Wednesday. However, some have taken the decision to reopen early.
The ice warning issued by the Met Office will be lifted at around 11am today, although temperatures will remain low and there is still some snow forecast before the end of the week.
BAGHDAD: Iraqi forces made major gains in the six months since launching the operation to retake Mosul, but the battle for Iraq's second city and the war against the Islamic State group are far from over.
Tough close-quarters fighting in heavily populated areas of Mosul is still ahead, and IS also holds territory in other parts of Iraq, as well as in neighboring Syria.
The jihadists will still be able to carry out attacks in Iraq even if they no longer control significant territory, while the impact of the war—widespread displacement of civilians, cities and towns devastated by the fighting, countless lives disrupted—will last long after the fighting ends.
Iraqi forces and the US-led coalition supporting them “are nearing the end of the operation to recapture Mosul,” said Patrick Martin, Iraq analyst at the Institute for the Study of War.
But “the final neighborhoods will be the most difficult to recapture, especially the Old City and the remaining neighborhoods in northwestern Mosul,” Martin said.
Progress in the Old City—a warren of closely-spaced buildings and narrow streets where hundreds of thousands of civilians are thought to reside—has been difficult and slow.
“You cannot get vehicles in there, so it's gotta be a dismounted operation,” Brigadier General Rick Uribe, a senior coalition commander, said of the Old City.
That “makes it very difficult for any offensive maneuver in there, but it makes it very easy to defend,” Uribe said.
“Sometimes, 50 meters is a great day,” he said of the Iraqi advance.
Iraqi forces launched the Mosul operation in October, moving toward the city from the south, west and north before assaulting its eastern side, which was recaptured earlier this year.
Two special forces units – the Counter-Terrorism Service and the Rapid Response Division – have spearheaded the fighting inside Mosul, while soldiers and police have also taken part.
Lasting IS threat
Iraqi Kurdish forces were involved in the initial days of the operation but stopped short of the city, while pro-government paramilitary forces were tasked with moving on the IS-held town of Tal Afar, west of Mosul.
After retaking east Mosul, Iraqi forces set their sights on the far side of the Tigris River, which divides the city.
The battle for west Mosul – which was launched in mid-February – has taken a heavy toll on civilians, with hundreds killed or wounded in the fighting, and more than 200,000 displaced.
The coalition has said it “probably” played a role in civilian casualties in Mosul, while residents have been caught up in fighting between Iraqi forces and IS, and the jihadists are intentionally attacking civilians in the city.
Losing Mosul would be a major blow to IS, but would not mark the end of the war against the jihadists.
“Just because we're done in Mosul doesn't mean that Daesh is done in Iraq,” Uribe said, using an Arabic acronym for IS.
“There's still another significant number of areas within Iraq that will… need to be cleared of Daesh, and… the Iraqi security forces are getting themselves ready for that eventuality – they know that it's coming,” he said.
“We will not leave any area under the control of the terrorist organization,” Brigadier General Yahya Rasool, the spokesman for Iraq's Joint Operations Command, said at a recent news conference.
Thousands displaced
IS holds territory in Iraq's Kirkuk province, as well as areas west of Mosul, and in western Anbar province, and also controls territory, including the city of Raqa, in Syria.
Losing these areas would still not eliminate the threat of bombings and hit-and-run attacks by the jihadists.
Iraqi “successes in Mosul obscure how (IS) has successfully been resurging in other provinces in Iraq,” Martin said.
The jihadists have “reconstituted attack capabilities in Diyala and central Salaheddin,” he said, referring to provinces where Iraqi forces had largely reasserted control after heavy fighting earlier in the war against IS.
The end of the battle for Mosul will also leave Iraq struggling with thorny political issues, including control of recaptured territory in the north that is claimed by both the country's autonomous Kurdish region and its federal government.
And Iraq will still be contending with the effects of the war—citizens killed, wounded or missing, hundreds of thousands displaced, houses, shops and infrastructure wrecked, children years behind in school—for years to come.
AFP
BAKER, La. — Police say a Louisiana woman left an autistic child in a truck with the engine off in cold weather while playing bingo.
The Advocate reports a Baker police report says an anonymous caller reported someone sitting in a truck outside the Baker Bingo Hall for nearly four hours Friday. Officers found a nonverbal, autistic boy sitting in the truck in approximately 35-degree weather.
Police say 53-year-old Leslie Domengeaux said the truck belonged to her and the child was under her supervision. She told officers she had been at the hall for 20 minutes, but the police report says multiple eyewitnesses said she was there for at least two hours.
She has been charged with improper supervision, cruelty to juveniles and child endangerment. It's unclear if she has a lawyer.
PICTURE TAKEN AT EVENT!!
LINK TO FULL LIST!! HYPERLINKS ALSO NECESSARY
INSERT KEYNOTE SPEAKERS' NAMES SECOND PARA
Red Herring has announced the winners of its Top 100 North America 2017 event, held this week in Los Angeles. The winning companies, selected from thousands of prospective startups and tech firms, represent the cutting edge of North America's world-class technology industry–and demonstrate the region's continued reputation for digital excellence.
The Top 100 awards were handed out at a special ceremony tonight at the Marina Del Rey Marriott Hotel, where for the past two days companies' executives have presented their companies to a judging panel comprising industry insiders, analysts and journalists. Entrants also enjoyed a host of keynote speeches and panel discussions featuring some of North America's top technology leaders.
“This is one of the most innovative and exciting groups of companies we've ever hosted at a Top 100 awards show,” said Alex Vieux, chairman of Red Herring. “It's always a pleasure to come to California and see the cream of North America's tech crop. 2017 has proven to be another fine year for tech, which is now simply the economy rather than a small part of it.”
Finalist companies operate in all aspects of the tech industry, from fintech and IoT to robotics, security and clean technology. It was a particularly good year for cybersecurity platforms, whose market has diversified and expanded amid technical breakthroughs, and hacks that have made headlines around the world.
“The fact that so many companies here are working at the bleeding edge of tech, goes to show just how fast this sector is moving,” said Vieux. “I'm proud to see so many exciting entrepreneurs at this awards ceremony, and have no doubt they will go on to achieve great things.”
For a full list of this year's Top 100 North America 2017 winners, click here.
The memorial service is open to anyone affected by the loss of a child
Each year, Cottage Health System remembers and honors the children of the community whose lives have ended.
Titled “Circle of Remembrance,” the memorial event is a gathering of parents, siblings, friends, staff, volunteers and physicians to acknowledge, in an intimate setting, the meaning, value and celebration of lives that have touched our hearts all too briefly, yet in very profound ways.
This service recognizes those lives lost from pre-term pregnancy through 21 years of age.
Anyone whose life has been affected by the loss of a child is invited to attend the Circle of Remembrance, a memorial service for all faiths and traditions, to be held at 4 p.m. Sunday in the Burtness Auditorium on the first floor of Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital (enter at Castillo Street). A reception will follow.
For more information, call the Cottage Health System Department of Spiritual Care at 805.569.8386.
— Maria Zate is the marketing and public affairs manager for Cottage Health System.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Motorists faced traffic delays this morning (WED) after a crash closed a busy Birmingham city centre route.
Lancaster Street was blocked to motorists until around 12pm today after police and West Midlands Ambulance were called to the scene of a two car-crash.
One car had overturned while the second had smashed into the central reservation.
Three ambulances attended the collision although neither driver was seriously injured.
A spokesperson for West Midlands Ambulance said: "We were called to the junction of Price Street and the A34 at 8.36am to reports of a two-car RTC.
"A woman in her 20's managed to get herself out of the car. She had back and leg pain and was immobilised before being taken to City Hospital.
"A man in his 50's also got himself out of his car and he was treated for minor injuries before being taken to City Hospital."
A spokeswoman for West Midlands Police said:" Officers were there just to close the road on Lancaster Street although some the officers who passed the incident, stopped to help direct traffic."
Birmingham Connected earlier tweeted this: "Road traffic collision on Lancaster Street, Birmingham - the road is likely to be closed for some time. Emergency services and Highways Incident Response teams are on site."
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT
This is the stuff of nightmares.
Horrific photos of a snake bite have shown just what happens when a victim doesn't receive adequate treatment following an attack.
The images, which were posted to Facebook group 'Faculty of Veterinary Medicine' in New York, show the hand of an unidentified victim who has been bitten by a sharp-nosed viper, news.com.au reported.
Advertisement
A bite from a Sharp-nosed viper can lead to a state of massive internal bleeding in a prey animal. Photo / via Facebook A bite from a Sharp-nosed viper can lead to a state of massive internal bleeding in a prey animal. Photo / via Facebook
Initially, the bite itself looks like a small cut. But according to US-born, Australian-based venomologist Dr Bryan Fry - a bite like this can cause the death of cells within hours -which is exactly what happened for this person.
"That type of snake [sharp-nosed viper] has a venom that is extremely tissue destroying," Dr Fry told news.com.au.
"The reason for this is that they kill their prey by haemorrhagic shock, where some parts of the venom damage the blood vessel walls, while other parts destroy the ability of the blood to clot, leading to a state of massive internal bleeding in a prey animal."
As Associate Professor in the School of Biological Sciences at the University of Queensland, Dr Fry said because it is a Chinese snake, antivenom for a bite like this might be hard to come by in remote areas.
"If it was in a private collection somewhere, they probably didn't have it and likely none of the nearby zoos would either," he explained.
"Thus, they'd have to suffer through the full effects."
Dr Fry, who studies different types of venom and their potential use for drug development, said massive swelling and bruising would show up in a matter of hours, while large chunks of tissue would be dead in a day or two.
A bite from a Sharp-nosed viper causes massive swelling and bruising within hours. Photo / via Facebook A bite from a Sharp-nosed viper causes massive swelling and bruising within hours. Photo / via Facebook
The victim's thumb was amputated following the snake bite, left, and another shrivelled and turned black. Photo / via Facebook The victim's thumb was amputated following the snake bite, left, and another shrivelled and turned black. Photo / via Facebook
"A finger or entire hand may have to be amputated 3-4 days after the bite," he said.
"Other parts of the body may also be affected, with kidneys in particular copping a real beating so a person may be on dialysis too for the rest of their life.
In 2014, photos emerged of a 13-year-old girl whose leg shrivelled and turned completely black after being bitten by a snake.
She too had premature death of cells which caused her leg tissue to die.
According to the Instagram user who posted the image, the young girl was treated using traditional remedies from her indigenous culture before being transferred to Venezuela's capital city for emergency medical treatment a month later.
The Instagram description written by Dr. Moreno Castillo, a surgeon specialising in trauma and orthopedics in the Central University of Venezuela and the University Hospital of Caracas, acknowledged the patient also suffered a broken elbow from the incident with the snake.
News.com.au has contacted the Faculty of Veterinary Medicine in New York for comment.
MORE women are rising to the challenge of Australian Ninja Warrior as the hit obstacle course series returns for a second season.
The six females who made it to the semi-finals last year are back, and hot on their heels are more women who have taken up Ninja training as inspired by Andrea Hah, who conquered the warped wall, and former gymnast Olivia Vivian.
It's inspiring for returning co-host Rebecca Maddern, who was expecting her first child during filming. She and husband Trent Miller welcomed their daughter Ruby into the world a few months ago.
"The women are phenomenal this year," she says.
"It is really extraordinary to witness; what an example to set not just for their kids but for other mums out there.
"On some occasions I got tears in my eyes... it's so empowering to watch that happen in front of you.
There are so many great things that have happened for females in Australian sport in the past two years and this is just another addition to that."
Rebecca Maddern returns to call all the thrills and spills in season two of Australian Ninja Warrior. Stuart Bryce
Viewers will see plenty of other familiar faces - including Mount Isa's 'deadly ninja' Jack Wilson, the Ravi brothers, Ben Polson and season one finalist Luke Williams - with 90% of last year's contestants applying for season two.
"These people were so good in season one. I didn't think it was possible to get fitter and better, but some of our returning heroes are fitter and better than last year and that has blown me away," Maddern says.
"These people had six packs last year and now they have 12 packs (laughs)."
With more competitors, a longer course, and more semi-finals and grand final stages, Ninja Warrior promises more high-flying thrills and spills.
Ninja Warrior: Farmer builds his own Ninja course
"We sit back and do marvel at what these competitors do. It's easier this year (for us as hosts), but in saying that there are things that have happened that we never would have predicted," she says.
"There are some shocks, which make for a great TV show. There is no script to this. They stand there, the buzzer goes off and we don't know what happens next.
"More often than not when you think this person is on a roll they'll slip up and it's all over. You really go on the course with them, riding very bump and grasp and jolt.
"The underlying theme of those whole show is 'I'm going to give this a go'. I think that makes up so much of the Australian psyche and this is just extrapolating that. It's about fitness, health, giving it a go, setting yourself a goal and achieving that goal, and if you don't then try harder and improve yourself."
Season two of Australian Ninja Warrior premieres on Sunday at 7pm on Channel 9.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — A Muslim aerospace engineer has sued the Spirit Boeing Employees Association for religious discrimination stemming from a party at a lake in Wichita, Kansas.
The American Civil Liberties Union filed a federal lawsuit Friday on behalf of Munir Zanial, a Malaysian national of Indian ancestry.
The association declined to comment.
Zanial rented the group's lake last year to host a party to celebrate Malaysian Independence Day. The lawsuit alleges the association reported him out of fear he used the lake to hold an Islamic State meeting.
Advertisement
It alleged an American flag that had been "desecrated ISIS symbols." But the flag was actually a Malaysian flag and the guests included people of Malaysian Indian ancestry, some wearing hijabs.
Spirit filed a complaint with the FBI, and the association terminated his rental benefits.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
IBC Tamil Published Today News in Tamil all over the world.There are many Newspapers available,but some of them have quality and truthful content. Now a days people are very much interested to read news in online. So we are provided service in that way
Media Contact
IBC Tamil
+44 203 794 4000
***@ibctamil.com IBC Tamil+44 203 794 4000
End
-- At IBC Tamil we offer a full range of media packages that help businesses across the world reach Tamil consumers. We use state-of-the-art technology and employ reliable industry professionals to deliver the standards, service and results you expect.We provide news for all Tamil Peoples present in all over the world. We organized many events to encourage the talented people and provide best award to them.In Tv includes breaking news, live events and a huge range of entertainment, including game shows, dance and singing competitions.IBC Tamil Published Today News in Tamil all over the world.There are many Newspapers available,but some of them have quality and truthful content. Now a days people are very much interested to read news in online. So we are provided service like Online Newspaper, Online Live TV, Online Tamil Radio, Events in Tamil, Death AnnouncementAnd also we provide news in audio version, This is our new idea to disabled people. In every news have the audio with same content you only play the audio to know all type news. One more speciality is we provide every newspaper headlines in audio and video.visit us https://news.ibctamil.com/ for details
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Minnesota regulators should approve Enbridge Energy's proposal for replacing its aging Line 3 crude oil pipeline only if it follows the existing route rather than company's preferred route, an administrative law judge recommended Monday.
The proposal has drawn strong opposition because Enbridge's preferred route would carry Canadian tar sands crude from Alberta across environmentally sensitive areas in the Mississippi River headwaters region where American Indians harvest wild rice and hold treaty rights.
Administrative Law Judge Ann O'Reilly's recommendation that the Public Utilities Commission should order that the replacement follow the existing route sets up further disputes, however, because the existing line crosses two Ojibwe reservations where tribal governments have made it clear that they won't consent and want the old line removed altogether.
O'Reilly wrote that Enbridge has established that the project is needed, but that the negative consequences to Minnesota of the company's more southerly preferred route outweigh the benefits. The cost-benefit analysis shifts in favor of approving the project if Enbridge builds the pipeline in Line 3's existing trench, she said.
The commission is expected to make its final decision in June. O'Reilly's recommendations aren't binding on the commission, but they're the product of an extensive public hearing and comment process and voluminous filings, so they'll be hard for the commissioners to disregard. Commission Chair Nancy Lange acknowledged at a hearing last month that whatever the commission decides, the dispute is likely to end up in court.
Enbridge did not immediately reply to a request for comment.
Environmental and tribal groups — including the Sierra Club, Greenpeace USA and Honor the Earth — said there's no good reason to allow Enbridge to build the project, regardless of what route it takes.
If the project is approved, some opponents have threatened a repeat of the protests in North Dakota near the Standing Rock reservation that delayed work for months on the Dakota Access pipeline, in which Enbridge owns a stake. Similar concerns over the role of tar sands oil in climate change, and indigenous rights, have fueled opposition to Kinder Morgan's proposal to expand its Trans Mountain pipeline from Alberta to an export terminal in British Columbia.
Calgary, Alberta-based Enbridge says the Line 3 project is necessary to ensure the reliable delivery of crude to Midwestern refineries. The company says the existing line, which was built in the 1960s, is subject to corrosion and cracking and can run at only half its original capacity because of its accelerating maintenance needs. The Jobs for Minnesotans coalition of business, labor and community leaders backs the project, saying it will create 8,600 well-paying jobs with a total economic impact on the state of $2 billion.
Line 3 carries crude oil 1,097 miles (1,765 kilometers) from Hardisty, Alberta, through North Dakota and Minnesota to Enbridge's terminal in Superior, Wisconsin. Enbridge says the replacement would restore its original capacity of 760,000 barrels per day. Enbridge wants to shift much of the last half of the current 282-mile (454 kilometer) route in Minnesota into a more southerly, 337-mile (542 kilometer) corridor to Superior. Enbridge estimates the overall cost at $7.5 billion, including $2.6 billion for the
Minnesota segment.
End
-- Johnson Financial Consulting today announced that they will be significantly investing in commodities for the foreseeable future, with gold a key player.Johnson Financial Consulting will now focus on the core competencies of precious metals and minerals, and with gold on the rise, Johnson Financial Consulting's analysts' have reason to be optimistic.Johnson Financial Consulting's Global Head of Natural Resources said a few words on the new business strategy saying "Our decision will result in Johnson Financial Consulting dedicating more trading desks for energy, agriculture, precious metals and minerals. This new decision to refocus our commodities business is based on our identification of more attractive ways to deploy our capital and resources."Johnson Financial Consulting has established a special commodities team which will manage the day-to-day operations of the department. The financial derivatives and precious metals businesses will be integrated into Johnson Financial Consulting's Fixed Income and Currencies platform.About Us: http://www.johnsonfinancialconsulting.com/ index.php/about... Established in 2010, Johnson Financial Consulting has built an international reputation for market perception and client success. Since our founding, we have been delivering extensive financial planning to our client base, which consists of individual investors, families, trusts and multinational corporations.With over 7 years of experience, we have always operated with transparency and respect for our stakeholders and clients, carrying out exhaustive risk assessments and striving to uphold the highest industry standards. Our commitment and dedication to effectively implementing and managing assets has always been our priority. Through our understanding of international markets and our clients' unique positions, we seek out the best opportunities to improve your finances.In today's fast-paced investment environment and uncertain economic climate, we understand that it is essential to employ high-quality analytics and research methodology to ascertain positive moves into the market. At Johnson Financial Consulting, our expert financial strategists utilize the latest analytics technology and our internal projections to better understand market direction.Recognized as one of the leading private wealth management firms in Asia, and offering services in regions across the globe, Johnson Financial Consulting offers clients an exclusive service independent of third parties, allowing us to identify and offer opportunities which solely benefit your position.
Degen Prodger and his family have moved back into their Bella Vista home at The Lakes but what should be a great relief for them is instead bittersweet.
Many of their neighbours' homes are still empty and their future, like everyone else's, remains uncertain.
Prodger, his wife and their 8-year-old daughter were among the residents and homeowners evacuated last month.
Only three of the 21 Bella Vista homes previously ruled as unlivable can now be reoccupied.
Advertisement
The city council's structural experts and legal advisor said late on Friday afternoon that three of the properties at Aneta Way were no longer considered "dangerous and/or affected" and could be reoccupied.
"These three buildings on Aneta Way were referred to during the owner meeting last week as being affected due to the potential for wind to lift roofs off other homes nearby, or they had not been invasively tested," general manager of the council's chief executive group, Kirsty Downey, said yesterday.
She said, after more invasive testing, the council had withdrawn the "dangerous and/or affected" notices from numbers 2, 3, and 4 Aneta Way.
One of those homes belongs to Prodger and his wife.
Their house is above the retaining wall and the family had been living there for about a year.
"We were only kept out of our house because we were affected by dangerous houses around us," Prodger said.
He said they were told by the council on Friday that they could go back to their home.
"There are still some things that need to happen to it, but it's not dangerous. So we chose to go back, just because we were really struggling to be away from home."
Prodger has been sick for two weeks and said his daughter has been upset not knowing where the family was going to end up next.
"We just need to have some familiarity and just actually have a chance to get back to normal."
He said his family had been under emotional stress for so long.
"Six weeks is a long time to not know what's going on and always wondering what's going to happen next."
However, Prodger said there was still a chance his family could be asked to leave their home again.
Moving back in was not a decision made lightly, he said.
"We wanted to make sure that our act of moving into our house was not going to leave us out of any decisions that were being made on the 6th of June."
Prodger said they were given that assurance but it was still a "bittersweet situation".
He said he and his wife needed to do what was right for their family, but it was hard because their neighbours were still not able to move back in and remained in limbo.
Owners of the 21 Bella Vista-built houses sealed by the council six weeks ago received the devastating news last week that their homes could not be reoccupied.
Residents now have to put forward hardship cases for the council to continue to pay their accommodation, which expired last Friday.
Evacuated resident Tony Mann had an individual owner meeting with the council on Monday night.
"It was good really, we agreed on a lot of points made by both parties, I feel positive and hopeful that council is working towards making the right decision," Mann said yesterday.
Evacuated resident Tony Mann. Photo / File
Jenny and Damian Coffey have also had their individual owner meeting and said it was "productive".
"But it did not really tell us anything we did not know already. They offered to go over the report, we clarified a few items with them but the report is sobering reading," Jenny said.
"They told us how to apply for special circumstances. We told them about our circumstances and about our four dogs."
She said council chief executive Garry Poole was very interested in the dogs "as he is an animal lover himself".
Jenny and Damian Coffey. Photo / File
Meanwhile, former High Court judge Paul Heath QC will undertake a thorough investigation into the city council's role in the Bella Vista Homes development at Lakes Boulevard and Aneta Way.
Poole said Heath would deliver a report by June 1 which would allow elected members to consider its findings ahead of making a decision on the council's preferred option for homeowners on June 6.
If he takes a break from the 24-hour feed of Fox News and switches over to HBO in time to join his country in the millennial kumbaya that is Game of Thrones, Donald Trump might find himself gazing into the uncanny valley. Daenerys Targaryen is a striking doppelgänger: same initials, same preternaturally bright hair, same reliance on ‘fire and fury'. If Trump becomes a full-on Thronie, it's surely only a matter of time before the White House's conveyor belt for officials includes a demand to bend the knee in the Oval Office.
We open the latest episode of Game of Thrones – ‘Eastwatch' – by witnessing the fallout from the last episode's vicious, and catchily monikered, Loot Train Attack. Daenerys is offering a stark choice to the survivors: bend the knee or be immolated by her pet dragon. There has been a rippling undercurrent of concern so far this series, predominantly from her Hand, Tyrion, about whether the bloodthirsty Targaryen gene is starting to dominate the Queen. We see it here in full technicolor: Tyrion urges Daenerys not to destroy House Tarly, and yet she does, because even her smartest advisors need to know that, like a grown man on Twitter at 3am, she's in charge.
Whilst Daenerys's behaviour is troubling her closest allies, Jon Snow is continuing on his single-minded quest to defend the living, breathing world from the undead horde who are, quite literally, at the gate. At the end of the episode we get a Magnificent Seven moment as Jon, Jorah, Tormund, Gendry, Beric Dondarrion, Thoros of Myr and The Hound all head north of the wall, from Eastwatch, on a bizarrely King Kong inflected quest to bring a zombie to King's Landing. With further hints that Jon is the true Targaryen heir abounding in this episode, he must now be the frontrunner to sit on the Iron Throne at the series' close. The most obvious alternative to that, however, is an alliance with the Mother of Dragons – presumably involving a wedding (preferably of no specific colour), given the lusty looks they've been shooting one another – in which he might iron out her tendency towards capital punishment (although he did once hang a child…).
Cersei, meanwhile, achieves nothing in a military or political sense, but has, once again, been knocked up by her brother. Congratulations. She also seems, to an extent, to bury the hatchet with Tyrion (and not in his skull) as she realises that a bigger opportunity to secure the Lannister dynasty has presented itself, so long as she can stay alive long enough. Almost all seasons before have built towards a climactic war in Westeros, but this season, rather aptly in the current climate, seems to be heading towards multi-party treaty negotiations. It might not be the battle of Blackwater Bay or the Bastards, but it will be a compelling resolution to a season that is setting up the final battle between ice and fire.
Winterfell seems to be the last vestige of classic Game of Thrones on the current board. Arya and Sansa are squabbling, whilst Sansa mulls over her own claim to power. Bran is busy staring at trees (frankly he is more tolerable as a raven than as a human) whilst Arya and Littlefinger engage in a bizarre cat-and-mouse sequence, which ultimately shows that House Baelish is still the wildcard player in the Game. He is gambling on Sansa to take him all the way to the Red Keep, and even though it feels inconsequential compared to dragons and the walking dead, it may well come back to haunt the Targaryen/Snow alliance.
But if we are to continue rooting for the Dragon Queen, she must show a little more humanity. She has a collection of unorthodox allies, some of the show's best characters, but she must keep their trust and respect. ‘Dracarys', her command for Drogon to breathe fire, has become the Westeros equivalent of ‘You're fired!'. Unlike White House press secretaries, however, talented military advisors don't grow on trees: she must avoid the traps her father, the Mad King, fell into. ‘Eastwatch' is the new season of Game of Thrones' most elegant, well-paced episode, and it shows how an unfancied outsider can become a confident, charismatic and controversial leader once they have their finger on the nuclear, or more draconic, option.
Game of Thrones airs on Sky Atlantic at 2am on Mondays and then again at 9pm.
Premium Marshmallow Brand Showcases Product Line and Two New Flavors at Specialty Food Trade Show
End
--, an artisanal snackable marshmallow brand, launched by Jon Sebastiani's Sonoma Brands team will introduce Summer Fancy Food show attendees to their product roster, including two newly launched fan-inspired flavors. The new flavor formulations,andwere created in response to customer feedback and will be available for all attendees to sample the guilt-free sweet treat at Booth #5571.The entire roster oftreats are made with 100% organic sugar and all-natural, gluten-free ingredients. These better-for-you reinventions of the traditional marshmallow come in fun flavor "smash-ups" including:and the newest additions ofand. Each indulgent flavor "smash-up" contains only 80 calories per serving and less than 1 gram of fat, perfect to satisfy a sweet treat guilt-free."We have received an explosive response and off-the-charts feedback since SMASHMALLOW launched last summer and we are so excited to introduce the fun flavors to attendees at the show this year, "said Sonoma Brands CEO and Founder Sebastiani. "We listened to our customers and reformulated two new flavors to create more flavorful and indulgent pairings. This resulted in the creation of Mocha Chip and Meyer Lemon Poppy Seed. The new formulations complement the existing product line seamlessly as a delicious and guilt-free treat that is a perfect snack or incredible addition to a summertime s'more."Summer Fancy Food Show will take place June 25-27, 2017 at the Javits Convention Center, which is located at 655 W. 34St. New York, NY. Attendees are invited to sample all of's products at Booth #5571. For more details on the trade show, please visit https://www.specialtyfood.com/ shows-events/ summer-fancy- f... for more information about Sonoma Brands, please visit www.sonomabrands.com ; for more information about, please visit www.smashmallow.com.###Seeking to revitalize the sleepy sweets category,offers premium 'snackable' marshmallows that offer a blast of wow, a sprinkling of fun and a carnival of yum in every 20-calorie whipped to perfection pouf.is made with 100% organic sugar and simple natural ingredients that deliver a clean-label indulgence perfect for satisfying any sweet tooth. Available in 7 (and counting) flavor smash-ups,is the perfect anytime, anywhere snack. For more information on, please visit www.smashmallow.com.
Kiwi coach Joe Schmidt ordered Ireland not to rely on Johnny Sexton to dig them out of trouble again in the Six Nations.
Schmidt admitted he will drum home the message that Ireland cannot afford to let Test matches slip away, after Sexton's last-ditch long-range drop-goal stole a 15-13 win over France in Paris.
Les Bleus caught Ireland cold with Teddy Thomas's converted try edging them into a late 13-12 lead, only for Sexton's intervention to save the day.
Ireland ploughed through close to 40 phases before Sexton dropped the winning goal, and while Schmidt hailed his talisman's nerves of steel, he conceded they can ill afford to leave victories so late.
"We can't leave matches in the balance," he said.
"You've got to make the most of the advantages and get the points you need.
"One freakish event, and one freakishly good player in Thomas and his try can undo all that hard work.
"That's something we're disappointed with and we've got to do something to make sure that doesn't happen next week, and for the following weeks of the championship."
Schmidt revealed Ireland's coaching staff turned into supporters, cheering and jumping around when Sexton slotted the winning goal.
Sexton was mobbed by his teammates on the Stade de France field, and Schmidt hailed the British and Irish Lions star for fending off fatigue and cramp to seal Ireland's triumph.
"It's hard to explain how you feel when you think the game's gone away, you've let it slip and suddenly you've grabbed it back," Schmidt said.
"It was an incredible team effort. It's fairly inspirational."
"Johnny has hit a few drop-goals in his time, but not many. And I don't think he was really thinking too much about history, he just stepped and seized the moment and he did it with absolute aplomb."
Ireland will roll on to face Italy in Dublin next weekend, but must do so without Josh Van der Flier, who has suspected knee ligament damage.
France were left to rue a demoralising defeat inflicted from the jaws of victory in Jacques Brunel's first match at the helm.
Matthieu Jalibert and Antoine Dupont suffered knee injuries, with Brunel insisting France had no control over both playmakers undergoing head injury assessments (HIAs).
New Delhi [India], Feb 3 (ANI): The Income Tax (IT) department has issued nearly two lakh notices to persons who deposited unaccounted sum of Rs. 15 lakh or more in their accounts during the demonetisation period in November 2016.
"More than Rs. 15 lakh were deposited in accounts of certain individuals, for which no returns were filed. We have identified around 1.98 lakh such accounts and sent notices to the account holders in the months of December and January. However, we have not received any response on the same. It is to be noted that failing to reply to these notices can lead to penalising by the IT department," Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) Chairman Sushil Chandra told ANI.
Chandra further stated that around 3,000 prosecution cases were filed in the last three months across different areas, including tax evasion, delayed tax filing, abetment, and so on.
In a bid to encourage digitisation, the IT department, Chandra said, is focusing on e-assessment.
"This year, we introduced e-assessment on a trial basis. Nearly 60,000 e-assessments were done in three months. We expect this number to increase in the coming months," he said.
On a related note, the e-assessment process, which was introduced recently, allows online tax filing and assessment, thereby reducing the need for taxpayers to visit the income tax office for the same. (ANI)
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Banks' overdraft fees have critics seeing red
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
More than 50 Moroccan and Spanish border guards were injured repelling around 1,100 African migrants who attempted to storm a border fence and enter Spain's North African enclave of Ceuta, Spanish authorities said yesterday.
A migrant was found inside the dashboard of a car trying to be smuggled into Spain. Source: Twitter: Spanish Civil Guard
A regional government spokesman told The Associated Press that 50 Moroccan and five Spanish border guards were injured yesterday when the large group of migrants tried to enter Spain.
Police also detained two Moroccans who were trying to smuggle migrants hidden in a suitcase and a car into Ceuta yesterday.
The spokesman said two migrants managed to reach Spanish soil. Both were injured in scaling the six-meter (20-foot) -high border fence and were taken to a hospital by Spanish police.
A further 100 migrants climbed the fence, but Spanish agents sent them directly back to Morocco.
Last month, more than 400 migrants succeeded in breaching Ceuta's fence in one of the biggest crossing attempts of recent years.
Hundreds of sub-Saharan African migrants living illegally in Morocco try to enter Ceuta and Melilla, Spain's other North African enclave, each year in hope of getting to Europe.
Many people are worried about the proposed change due in 2018
driving theory test bishop auckland driving theory
Contact
Shirley Lewis
+441388608910
***@driving- lessons-durham.co.uk Shirley Lewis+441388608910
End
-- Learners drivers over the last ten years and maybe more have been driving on motorways - No you sayYes they haveMost unrestricted dual carriageways mirror motorwaysLet's look at the comparisonNational maximum speed limit of motorway 70mphNational maximum speed limit of Unrestricted Dual Carriageway70mphwww.driving-lessons-durham.co.ukMotorway have slip roads on and offDual carriageways have slip roads on and offMotorways have countdown markersDual carriageways have countdown markersThe only differences is that on a dual carriageway you can turn right at certain points on the central reservationSo is it really dangerous for learner drivers to finish their final lessons on the motorway.At the moment the government is proposing this is just voluntary and not a requirement.Learner drivers will need to be:• accompanied by an approved driving instructor• driving a car fitted with dual controlsDriving instructors will be allowed to decide whether or not to keep their driving school roof-top box on during motorway lessons, based on the manufacturer's instructions.However, the car will still need to display L plates front and rear if the rooftop box is removed.visit http://www.driving- lessons-durham.co.uk
It might be lingering bashfully on the icy outer edges of our solar system, hiding in the dark, but subtly pulling strings behind the scenes.
It's a possible "Planet Nine" - a world perhaps 10 times the mass of Earth and 20 times further from the sun than Neptune.
The signs so far are indirect, but add up to a compelling case nonetheless.
One of its most dedicated trackers, in fact, says it's now harder to imagine our solar system without a missing Planet Nine than with one.
Advertisement
"There are now five different lines of observational evidence pointing to the existence of Planet Nine," said Konstantin Batygin, a planetary astrophysicist at Caltech in Pasadena, California, whose team may be closing in on the heavenly body.
"If you were to remove this explanation and imagine Planet Nine does not exist, then you generate more problems than you solve.
"All of a sudden, you have five different puzzles, and you must come up with five different theories to explain them."
Batygin and his co-author on a new study, Caltech astronomer Mike Brown, described the first three clues last year, and two more have since emerged.
One suggested Planet Nine could have tilted the planets of our solar system during the last 4.5 billion years, explaining a longstanding mystery.
The other involved objects from the Kuiper Belt that orbit in the opposite direction to everything else in the solar system.
"No other model can explain the weirdness of these high-inclination orbits," Batygin said.
"It turns out that Planet Nine provides a natural avenue for their generation."
The remaining step, of course, is to find Planet Nine itself.
If discovered, it would be a homecoming of sorts, or at least a family reunion.
Over the past 20 years, surveys of planets around other stars in our galaxy have found the most common types to be "super Earths" and their somewhat larger cousins - bigger than Earth but smaller than Neptune.
Yet these common, garden-variety planets are conspicuously absent from our solar system.
Weighing in at roughly 10 times Earth's mass, the proposed Planet Nine would make a good fit.
It could turn out to be our missing super Earth.
Does morning sickness affect dads, too?
Researchers have suggested morning sickness can take a toll on expectant dads, too. Photo /123RF Researchers have suggested morning sickness can take a toll on expectant dads, too. Photo /123RF
While it may sound enough to make women experiencing the nausea of early pregnancy scoff, researchers have suggested morning sickness can take a toll on expectant dads, too.
New research out of Australia's Edith Cowan University examined the experience of 300 expectant couples and found more support was needed for the partners of women experiencing nausea and vomiting during pregnancy.
The study aimed to gauge expectant fathers' awareness of what their partners were going through, and the effect it had on the dads themselves.
The study found 82 per cent of fathers is aware that their partner experienced morning sickness.
Of these, 20 per cent reported no nausea or vomiting, mild 30 per cent, moderate 37 per cent and severe 13 per cent.
The partners of all 11 women formally diagnosed with hyperemesis gravidarum, reported the nausea and vomiting was severe.
Researchers asked expectant fathers about their partners' condition and their own mental health and found a significant increase in dads' anxiety levels.
Although there was some support available for pregnant women during pregnancy, the fathers were often left to fend for themselves, lead researcher Julie Sartori said.
"The study showed that in families where the mother experienced moderate or severe morning sickness, fathers reported much higher levels of anxiety."
That anxiety was linked to five main factors - disruption to work, feelings of frustration and helplessness, concern over depression in their partner, worry for the developing baby, and a "sense of being manipulated".
"There needs to be an active approach from medical practitioners and antenatal care providers, towards expectant fathers in cases where morning sickness is moderate or severe," Sartori said.
"Professionals would normally focus on the wellbeing of pregnant women, however engaging the father as well may help relieve reported anxiety and improve outcomes in the long term."
Can night shift make you fat?
A new study has drawn a link between night shift work and obesity. Photo / 123RF A new study has drawn a link between night shift work and obesity. Photo / 123RF
has drawn a link between night shift and obesity.
Researchers from the Chinese University of Hong Kong analysed data from 28 previous studies to find that night shift work was connected to a 29 per cent increase in a worker's chance of becoming overweight or obese.
The weight was mostly centred around the worker's stomachs, say the scientists, and mostly affected those who worked nights permanently, rather than those who worked rotating shifts.
"Globally, nearly 0.7 billion workers are engaged in a shift work pattern," said the study's senior author, Dr Lap Ah Tse.
"Our study revealed that much of the obesity and overweight among shift workers is attributable to such a job nature.
"Obesity has been evident to be positively associated with several adverse health outcomes, such as breast cancer, cardiovascular diseases."
The researchers suggest adjusting work schedules to avoid extended exposure to long-term night work could lighten the load, literally.
PUNTA PLANA: Quite a long way down to the sea
A WOMAN of 51 was badly hurt after she jumped into the sea from Punta Plana in Villajoyosa.
She was one of a party that had contracted a specialist company to organise “coasteering”, an activity where the adventurous hike along rocky sections of coastline, explore land caves, climb cliffs or jump from them into the sea.
The woman was so badly hurt that once stabilised by medics she was evacuated by a helicopter belonging to the provincial Fire Consortium and flown to the San Vicente fire station. From there she was transferred by ambulance to Alicante General Hospital.
According to sources involved in the rescue, the woman suffered multiple injuries including damage to her spine and hip when hitting a rock on her second jump.
The company which organised the expedition later clarified that the woman did not hit a rock and was only bruised but taken to hospital “as a precaution”. There was no spinal injury, the company said in a statement, that was later confirmed by the woman herself.
Nail art has been getting out of control lately. From nails that look exactly like teeth to fidget spinner nails to "toilet paper" nails, it seems like nothing is off-limits.
And now we have … comb manicures. That's right. Women are getting manicures that make their nails look like tiny combs.
So, if you ever need a comb on the go, you have 10 tiny ones right at the ends of your fingertips!
US President Donald Trump has ordered the Pentagon to review the country's nuclear posture amid an ongoing standoff with North Korea over its development of nuclear weapons.
Under the president's direction, Defense Secretary James Mattis is tasked with ensuring that Washington's nuclear arsenal is “safe, secure, effective, reliable and appropriately tailored to deter 21st-century threats and reassure our allies,” Pentagon chief spokesperson Dana White said in a statement on Monday.
“Secretary Mattis directed the commencement of the review, which will be led by the deputy secretary of defense and the vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and include inter-agency partners. The process will culminate in a final report to the president by the end of the year,” the statement added.
According to reports, Washington is currently keeping some 450 long-range nuclear missiles in underground silos across the US, in addition to an undisclosed number deployed to its military bases in Europe.
The US military can also use its fleet of ballistic missile submarines and long-range strategic bombers such as B-2 and B-52 to deploy its arsenal of more than 7,000 nuclear warheads to any target around the world.
Meanwhile, the US Air Force confirmed last week that it had test-dropped an upgraded gravity nuclear bomb to see whether its lighter fighter jets can carry the deadly weapon.
Trump has made it clear that he would expand America's nuclear arsenal to ensure it is at the “top of the pack.”
Trump's order comes amid a heated war of words between the US and North Korea over an imminent nuclear confrontation.
On Monday, US Vice President Mike Pence paid a visit to South Korea's border with the North and warned that the Washington's era of patience with Pyongyang was over.
The US has also warned China, North Korea's main trading partner, to resolve the situation.
Trump told his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping during their summit in Florida earlier this month that the US would “act alone” if China fails to help end the North's nuclear and ballistic missile programs.
Washington has even sent an aircraft carrier-led strike group to the western Pacific Ocean close to the Korean Peninsula amid growing fears over the North's weapons tests.
Pyongyang, however, has threatened the US with “all-out war” in response, asserting that it will continue to test missiles on a weekly basis now.
The iconic “Hollywood” sign got a New Year's Day makeover from an unknown vandal who used a black tarp to transform the letters into a message celebrating marijuana.
Multiple social media images showed the new “Hollyweed” sign on Mount Lee overlooking Los Angeles. One of the black tarps appeared to have an image of a peace symbol and the other a heart.
Cops have surveillance video of the suspect, TMZ reported. The vandal, dressed in all black, could face a misdemeanor trespassing charge, said Sgt. Robert Payan. The person scaled a protective fence surrounding the sign and then clambered up each giant letter to drape the coverings, Payan said.
California in November passed a measure legalizing marijuana for recreational use.
Though the Prop 64 vote may have been an impetus to change the sign, it wouldn't be the first time someone has taken to the hills to alter the letters in honor of cannabis. A vandal also changed the sign to read “Hollyweed” on New Year's Day 1976, TMZ reported.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gianfranco Zola cut an unusually agitated figure during his post match press obligations at Deepdale last night.
The Birmingham City manager had just seen his team concede a 78th minute winner, have their captain sent off and his tenure reach the lowest point so far.
He didn't want to stand there answering questions about an eighth defeat in 13 games - but to be fair to him he fronted up and honoured his commitments.
There was a much harder edge to the narrative, though.
There was no bemoaning bad luck, this time his assessment was withering: “We are - at the moment - very poor, as simple as that. We have got to be honest.”
Which is to ignore the fact that Zola's Birmingham are capable of playing some very decent football, in patches.
However they are also a soft touch. When the pressure comes on, inevitably they crumble.
That pressure is at its most intense at the start and end of games and in those situations the last two matches have been excruciating watching - both for Zola and even more so for the legions of supporters who have travelled up and down the country to stand by their team.
Their resolve has been admirable and their frustration entirely understandable.
(Photo: EMPICS Sport)
Particularly because after two months in charge, Zola's team is still struggling for lift off and the manager is running out of runway.
He is yet to find the right configuration - undermined by injuries and the need to integrate new signings in less than ideal circumstances.
But for the third match running the opposition's wide players were given acres of time and space to pick apart a flimsy defence.
They dodged a bullet against Fulham but were caught between the eyes at Hillsborough and Deepdale and as a result this weekend's match with Queen's Park Rangers becomes critical.
It might be that the 3-5-2 system introduced at half time on Tuesday night was a vision of the future - a formation as recently as Monday he said he didn't feel was the right route to go down.
Three-at-the-back produced a second half improvement but without a much more solid display on Saturday - which would hopefully be good enough to produce a much-needed three points, you have to ask how long that future is going to be.
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
BRUSSELS (AP) " A top European Union official says that legal action will be launched Wednesday against the Czech Republic, Hungary and Poland for failing to honor their pledges to accommodate refugees.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said that "for more than a year now they have not been taking any refugees at all," under a two-year program to share 160,000 refugees.
Juncker said: "That gives us no choice other than to initiate infringement proceedings against these countries today."
The relocation scheme is a major plank of the EU's migration policy, and was lauded as a pan-European show of solidarity in 2015 when more than a million migrants entered Europe.
Advertisement
But just three months before the scheme's end date in September, fewer than 21,000 people have been relocated.
The plan to share 160,000 refugees in overwhelmed Italy and Greece among other European countries was endorsed by a "qualified majority vote", roughly a two-thirds majority.
The Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania and Slovakia voted against the scheme. Hungary and Slovakia have launched their own legal action against it.
"It's a question here of observing European law, it's not a question of sanctions," Juncker told EU lawmakers in Strasbourg, France.
He added that "European solidarity cannot be a one way street."
___
This corrects that Juncker referred to infringement proceedings, not sanctions
SAINT-DENIS, France (AP) — When Jonathan Sexton's long-distance dropped goal just crept over the crossbar in the last act of the game, Ireland coach Joe Schmidt celebrated like he was among the delirious fans behind the posts.
Sexton's astonishing effort from 44 meters out on a greasy pitch in the rain settled a tense Six Nations encounter 15-13 in Ireland's favor — moments after France unexpectedly went ahead 13-12 thanks to a superb solo try from right winger Teddy Thomas.
Sexton's clinical pot kick came after the Irish strung 41 phases then stalled inside the French half.
"It's pretty hard to explain how you feel when you think that the game has got away, you've let it slip and then suddenly you've grabbed it," Schmidt said.
Advertisement
"It was incredible effort from everyone to work their way up the pitch. When he struck the drop goal I was just willing it to have enough distance to get over. When it did, the whole coaching staff stood up as one and cheered with the Irish supporters."
Ireland had just been given a reprieve, because although replacement flyhalf Anthony Belleau nailed the conversion to Thomas' try he then blew a penalty.
With what little time was left, the Irish used it with extraordinary composure to work into the French half.
Then came the moment, in the 83rd minute.
"Just had a pop," Sexton said. "The lads' legs were out. I don't think we'd have gone a couple more phases. Just got there in the end."
Sexton could not quite believe it, taking a second to check the dropped goal was given before he was mobbed by his teammates.
France's players dropped to their knees in a mixture of exhaustion and frustration. So much effort for so little reward.
"It's a very disappointing ending given how much energy we put into it," France coach Jacques Brunel said. "What else can you feel apart from enormous frustration? It came in the 83rd minute. He took the right option and you have to congratulate him, it wasn't easy."
Although Brunel's new-look side showed mettle, defeat would still have been harsh on Ireland.
"Our lack of discipline punished us," France captain Guilhem Guirado said. "It's even harder to lose when we had the match in hand."
France's evening went from elation to stunned disbelief in a frantic last 10 minutes that provided unexpected marvel to a scrappy contest in pouring rain.
With the clock running down, Thomas surged out of nowhere to beat four Irish tackles after a flying run down the right flank ended with him snaking over the line at full stretch.
France was just as surprised to see the try as Ireland, which seemed to have the French counterattack contained until Thomas accelerated around the edge and was through.
Until that point, it looked like Sexton's steady boot would be enough to get the Irish only a third win at Stade France. He landed four penalties but also missed one at 12-6.
Belleau took France's penalty at 13-12 because scrumhalf Maxime Machenaud, who slotted over two, had limped off the pitch. It was a big task for Belleau, winning only his third test cap after Matthieu Jalibert also limped away early, and the kick from about 35 meters on the left lacked confidence.
Still, France will take heart from the spirit they showed under Brunel. He was appointed in December to stop a six-match winless run, and boldly gave debuts to 19-year-old Jalibert and fullback Geoffrey Palis.
It was all penalty kicks until Thomas' try, which looked like being the highlight of the match.
Only to be trumped by Sexton's phenomenal final shot.
The charge sheet for the rape and murder of Irish woman Danielle McLaughlin in India last month is likely to be filed in a local magistrate's court by mid-May, police said on Tuesday.
Inspector Filomeno Costa, investigating the 28-year-old's murder in Goa, told The Irish Times that all “exhibits” associated with her, including her clothing and other personal belongings, had been dispatched to the Central Forensic Science Laboratory in Hyderabad, southern India, for examination.
Once the laboratory submitted its report, the Goa police would file a charge sheet for Ms McLaughlin's rape and murder in the Canacona Magistrate's court in southern Goa, close to the beach where her body was discovered on March 14th.
Insp Costa said investigations into the murder had been “completed” and one 24-year old man has been charged with raping and killing Ms McLaughlin.
He said the police were not looking for any others suspects, unless some further evidence surfaced.
Police identified the arrested man as Vikas Bhagat, who was facing multiple charges of theft and petty crime in Goa, and had been released on bail in early February in one of these cases.
Police said Ms McLaughlin was last seen a day before her body was found, dancing at a party on the beach along with Bhagat and several others as they celebrated Holi, the Hindu spring festival of colours.
A postmortem report revealed that McLaughlin's death was caused by “brain damage and neck constriction”. She had also been raped, police said.
Slow system
After the police file the charge sheet, the trial would begin but in India's notoriously slow judicial system it could take several years before coming to fruition.
Meanwhile the solicitor representing the family of the murdered Donegal woman says they are seeking any photographic or video images from the Holi Festival which she attended before she was murdered,
Des Doherty told RTÉ's Morning Ireland that the Truth for Danielle Campaign, which was launched by her family in recent days, hopes to find some evidence which will be of assistance to police.
He said that any images so far have indicated there were many people using phones and cameras at the Holi, the Hindu spring festival, in Palolem, a coastal village in Goa. “If we can get any information, document, video that will help we will share with the authorities,” he said.
Mr Doherty added that they will look at all the footage in an effort to identify everyone who was at the festival.
He said he “had to have confidence” in the Indian judicial system. As an officer of the court in his own jurisdiction it was not up to him to express criticism in another jurisdiction.
Members of the public might feel more comfortable sharing any information they have with Ms McLaughlin's family, he said.
Footage
A spokesman for the Truth for Danielle Campaign said: “At this time we are especially interested in any mobile phone or cellular device footage that you may have, if you were present in Goa for the Holi Festival in the area of the Festival Valley at Palolem Beach and Colomb Bay on March 13th, 2017, and the days leading up to March 13th, 2017.
“We are seeking to identify all potential witnesses from the footage and photographs that so many people have already sent to us.
“If you feel that you can help at all please upload what images or footage you have with date, time and location, identifying any person that you can. Any assistance will be invaluable and much appreciated by Danielle's family, friends and legal team.”
A childhood friend of Ms McLaughlin has already released a music single to raise money to support the justice campaign. Anyone with information can upload images and footage to christytduffy@gmail.com or can contact Mr Doherty on des@desmondjdoherty.com.
–(Additional reporting: PA)
WASHINGTON, D.C.: President Donald Trump is planning to decertify the landmark Iran nuclear pact negotiated by his predecessor Barack Obama, paving the way for potentially reopening sanctions, two leading US dailies said Friday.
WASHINGTON, D.C.: President Donald Trump is planning to decertify the landmark Iran nuclear pact negotiated by his predecessor Barack Obama, paving the way for potentially reopening sanctions, two leading US dailies said Friday.
Trump will argue that the agreement is not in the interest of the United States, the Washington Post reported, quoting four people close to the president. Advertisements
The New York Times also said Trump plans to decertify the accord but leave it in force and make Congress decide whether to reimpose punitive sanctions, quoting people briefed on the matter.
Resumed sanctions could derail the accord negotiated with Tehran by Obama and other major world powers.
Decertification would allow Trump to argue that he has rejected the accord as pledged but not completely ignored senior advisers and lawmakers who say the accord should stand.
Trump on Thursday criticized Iran's behavior with regard to the 2015 pact.
“They have not lived up to the spirit of the agreement,” said Trump, as he huddled with military leaders ahead of perhaps the biggest foreign policy decision of his young presidency.
“The Iranian regime supports terrorism and exports violence and chaos across the Middle East,” Trump said in the Cabinet Room.
“That is why we must put an end to Iran's continued aggression and nuclear ambitions” he said. “You will be hearing about Iran very shortly.”
Trump must tell Congress by October 15 whether he believes Iran is in compliance with the agreement.
He may well fly in the face of advice from some of his closest advisors, declaring Iran is not in compliance and leaving the pact's fate in the hands of the Republican-controlled Congress.
Ahead of that deadline, several officials familiar with White House deliberations told Agence France-Presse Trump has made it clear he does not want to certify Iran's compliance. But a formal decision has yet to be made.
Nuclear disarmament group ICAN won the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday for its decade-long campaign to rid the world of the atomic bomb as nuclear-fuelled crises swirl over North Korea and Iran. AFP
AFP/CC
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Growth in exports of dairy products, forestry and horticulture are projected to drive a 2.4 per cent increase in New Zealand's primary sector exports in the June 2017 year, up from the 1.4 per cent growth seen three months ago, according to the latest edition of the Situation and Outlook for Primary Industries.
Dairy exports are forecast to rise 10.2 per cent to $14.6 billion in the 12 months ending June 30, the Ministry for Primary Industries' SOPI says. That's followed by a projected 6.4 per cent gain in forestry exports to $5.5b and a 5.9 per cent gain in horticulture exports to $5.3b, which will drive total primary sector exports in the current year to $38.1b from $37.2b a year earlier.
Forecast growth in dairy exports was upgraded for 2017 and 2018, compared to the March SOPI, with next year's estimate lifted to $17.3b from the $16.8b forecast three months. The report was released about the same time as gross domestic product data for the first quarter, which showed agriculture, forestry and fishing expanded 2.8 per cent, the fastest pace of any sector, driven by increased milk production.
The rebound in dairy "represents a recovery of global dairy prices as supply and demand rebalanced over the year," MPI said. "Export revenue is forecast to continue to rise through to 2021, provided butter prices remain strong and overall global supply and demand remain balanced for most dairy products."
Advertisement
Growth in dairy is being driven by prices for whole milk powder (WMP), the biggest dairy export, with exports forecast to rise about 13 per cent this year to $5.2b and to $6.1b in the June 30, 2018, year. Growth is also seen in butter, anhydrous milk fat and cream ($2.9b this year, $4b in 2018) and to a lesser extend skim milk powder and butter milk powder ($1.4b in 2017 and 2018) while exports of casein and protein products is expected to weaken to $1.75b this year before rebounding to $2b in 2018.
Infant formula exports are expected to rise 12 per cent to $770 million this year and reach $1b in 2018.
"China's demand for imported dairy products remains strong due to a combination of lower domestic production and rising consumption," MPI said. "Increasing demand for WMP from other markets, like Brazil, Indonesia, Algeria, and Russia, will help support global prices during the year ending June 2018."
Meat and wool exports are forecast to fall 9.8 per cent this year to $8.2b, before edging up to $8.5b in 2018, MPI said.
"A fall in beef and sheep meat volumes compared with last year are driving a fall in meat and wool export revenue for the year to June 2017," it said." Prices for lamb, beef and venison are finishing the year much higher than previously expected, which has helped to offset some of the lost volume."
Forestry exports are expected to be driven by increase harvesting and global prices. "Record harvest volume of 30.7 million cubic metres for the year ended 31 December, 2016, was driven by relatively stable and record high log prices and a large supply of harvestable wood," the report said. "Export revenue is forecast to reach $6.3b by 2021, underpinned by strong global demand."
Growth in horticultural exports would be led by apples and wine and a pickup in kiwifruit as the result of increased planting of new gold varieties, it said.
Seafood exports are projected to be little changed, edging up 0.1 per cent to $1.77b in the year ending June 30 and rising to $1.8b next year. However, by 2021, exports are expected to reach $2.1b "driven by rising prices in the markets of China, Australia and the US."
Arable exports are projected to weaken 9.7 per cent to $184m this year and pickup to $195m in 2018, MPI said. "The vegetable seed export market remains steady while high international stocks have reduced demand for herbage seed exports," it said. "The domestic market for arable products has improved alongside rising dairy prices.
Exports of other primary sector products, which include innovative processed foods, confectionery, honey, cereal products, live animals, soups and condiments, are forecast to fall 6.3 per cent to $2.5b in 2017 after surging 37 per cent over the previous two years.
"Lower volumes are being shipped to Australia, China and Hong Kong, and poor weather is limiting honey production and exports," MPI said.
Cal Poly police arrest teen protester
April 24, 2018
A 15-year-old animal rights activist chained herself to a gate outside the Cal Poly meat processing center in attempt to stop the slaughter of a cow on Monday. University police arrested the girl for trespassing, video shows. [Cal Coast Times]
Zoe Rosenberg hopped a fence along with a woman who was also participating in the animal rights activism event. The two females then chained themselves to the gate and livestreamed the incident, with Rosenberg doing much of the talking.
Rosenberg said she has an animal sanctuary where more than 150 animals live.
“We are asking that they send this beautiful cow to my sanctuary, Happy Hen Animal Sanctuary, where she can live the life that she deserves,” Rosenberg said.
The teen activist said she was nicknaming the cow slated to be slaughtered “Justice.”
“We're asking for Justice to be released, and we're asking for justice for her,” Rosenberg said.
Additionally, the teen took aim at Cal Poly and the university's animal science program, claiming they are illegally torturing and killing animals. Rosenberg also said that is traumatizing students.
“For you animal science majors you are required to learn how to kill animals and that is horrible,” Rosenberg said.
Shortly after Rosenberg and her fellow activist chained themselves to the gate, university police officers arrived at the scene.
The officers offered Rosenberg and the woman multiple chances to leave peacefully without getting arrested. Rosenberg said she would not leave unless the cow goes to her sanctuary and that there is no peace when animals are being killed.
When an officer asked Rosenberg to place her hands behind her back, the teen responded, “Where is the cow?”
Eventually officers arrested Rosenberg and her fellow activist while other activists stood, watched, screamed and filmed the incident.
“Where is justice?” the activists screamed.
Cal Fire personnel came out to the scene to break the chain tied to the fence and the activists.
Loading...
MOSCOW (AP) — The Latest on the reported slaying in Ukraine of a Russian journalist: (all times local):
5:25 p.m.
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko, who had been reported shot and killed in the Ukrainian capital Tuesday, has shown up at a news conference very much alive.
Vasily Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, told a news conference on Wednesday the agency faked Babchenko's death to catch those who were trying to kill him.
Advertisement
Kiev and national police had said Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back at his apartment building and found bleeding by his wife.
He showed up at Gritsak's new conference on Wednesday and thanked everyone who was mourning his death.
Babchenko, 41, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, spoke and wrote year about leaving the country because of repeated threats that he and his family would be harmed.
___
2:35 p.m.
A top lawmaker says Russia is willing to help Ukraine investigate the murder of a Russian journalist.
Arkady Babchenko, who was scathingly critical of the Kremlin, was gunned down in the Ukrainian capital, Kiev, on Tuesday.
Babchenko fled Russia last year, fearing for his life, and settled in Ukraine. He had served in the Russian army during the two wars in Chechnya in the 1990s and became one of Russia's best-known war reporters.
Vyacheslav Volodin, speaker of the State Duma, told Russian news agencies Wednesday that Russia would be happy to help with the investigation if Ukrainian authorities requested it.
Ukrainian authorities have said they think Babchenko was killed because of his work. Several Ukrainian politicians blamed the Kremlin for the killing. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov dismissed those comments as cynical.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 0:59 Little feet fly at the Hawks Dance Team's Kids Dance Camp Pause 5:40 Gregg Bell on Michael Bennett's anthem sit, backup QBs shining and more from preseason opener 1:38 July, 2017 fight at the Artesian Commons Park 0:54 Olympia Pet Emergency moving back to Lacey 3:31 Chair of Thurston County Democrats threatens to withdraw candidate support 0:23 Lacey couple catches package thief on video 2:40 Seahawks' Richard Sherman: 'I've seen Earl Thomas beat up Chuck Norris' 0:49 Huskies practice tackling on Day 1 of fall camp 0:59 Jake Browning, K.J. Carta-Samuels throw at Huskies practice 1:47 Hiking Tatoosh Peak near Mount Rainier and Packwood Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Seattle's Pro Bowl defensive end sat a day after former teammate Marshawn Lynch did the same before an Oakland Raiders preseason game. Gregg Bell gbell@thenewstribune.com
Seattle's Pro Bowl defensive end sat a day after former teammate Marshawn Lynch did the same before an Oakland Raiders preseason game. Gregg Bell gbell@thenewstribune.com
Notes from the Editor
If you made it to this year's Environmental Leader Conference, you know that it overflowed with energy, excitement, and a mountain of inspiration. But if not, you're in luck: Environmental Leader and Energy Manager Today have published nearly a dozen articles based on content from our terrific speakers (links below) that will give you ideas and practical take-always. But in addition to the informative sessions, keynotes, workshops and Lightning Talks (weren't those great?), I've had snippets of overheard conversations running through my head all week that I wanted to share.
Here's a sample of thoughts from some of the chats I took part in. It was exciting to hear what some of the great thinkers in the environmental management space are mulling these days:
“Of all the reasons for engaging in environmental management, I have found that brand reputation is the key.”
“It seems that everyone in the room, across so many different industries, is ready to collaborate and form partnerships to get this sustainability thing done. These are exciting days in the space.”
“Energy management is the major part of what we do from a sustainability standpoint. All opportunities to decrease energy intensity impact the business, and we've found that even small things make a difference.”
“It's better to make (and announce) goals, even if you don't always meet them, than to not make any goals at all. Customers understand and appreciate it when you explain why you couldn't meet the goals, but they want to know you're trying.”
“The current administration has not had a significant impact on us. In fact, maybe the current administration is not very favorable to the environment, but it has been favorable to business. We're in a good business climate, so I don't have to worry about them cutting my budget. We're marching forward and looking forward to a good business environment, so now we can support or even pump more money into energy programs.”
“When it comes to working up and down our supply chain, we've found it's important to have forums, to engage with our suppliers eyeball to eyeball. If we just send emails to try to get on the same page in terms of energy management, they just go, ‘Ugh, survey fatigue.'”
“We've found that technology is not the solution to all of our problems, but it can solve many of them.”
Learn More from the Experts
Below are links to the articles from Energy Manager Today and Environmental Leader that wrap-up the tactics, techniques and best practices that were shared at the conference:
From Energy Manager Today
How Harrah's Las Vegas Saves $310,000 Annually with Retro-commissioning
Why Stakeholder Engagement is Vital in Terms of Water Stewardship
How IoT Affects Sustainability and ROI
How to Monetize Pig Manure and Other Opening Remarks
Implementing Zero-loss Thinking in Energy Management
Energy Manager's Role in Meeting Environmental Goals
From Environmental Leader
United Technologies Grows Revenues, Expands Ops with Sustainability Initiatives
The Internet of Things Will Be Bigger than the Internet Itself
Marriott: Businesses Need to ‘Step Up' Now that Washington Has Stepped Out
Regional EPA Leader Admits Regulators Are Now on a ‘Learning Curve'
WASHINGTON (AP) — American consumers were feeling more confident in April, rebounding to a level close to the 18-year high it had reached two months ago.
The Conference Board said Tuesday that its confidence index rose to 128.7 in April, up from a March level of 127.0. The March level was just below the 130.0 hit in February, which had been the highest since November 2000.
The business research group's index measures consumers' assessment of current conditions and their outlook for the next six months. Conference Board economist Lynn Franco said the strength in the confidence survey suggest that the economy will continue to expand at a solid pace in the months ahead.
Consumers' assessment of current economic conditions improved somewhat, with consumers rating both business and labor market conditions favorably.
Advertisement
Analysts said the strength in confidence reflects a strong labor market with unemployment at a 17-year low, as well as the impact of the $1.5 trillion in tax cuts approved in December, which began showing up in workers' paychecks earlier this year.
Analysts said that confidence was also helped by less stock market volatility in recent weeks and a lessening of worries about a full-blown trade war erupting in response to the Trump administration's tougher policies.
But some analysts said the high confidence levels may be over-stating the potential for consumer spending growth in coming months.
"The sluggishness of real income growth, even after the tax cuts, means that spending cannot rise as fast as the surveys appear to imply," said Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Economics.
Reds returned from Lancashire empty-handed as a 48th minute goal by Accrington Stanley's Shay McCartan handed them their third defeat in four matches.
Shay McCartan's early second half strike was lifted over the head of keeper Glenn Morris who needed treatment after bringing down the goalscorer.
Crawley made two changes to the side which drew 0-0 with Cheltenham, with James Collins returning from a one-match suspension and Josh Payne coming in for Rhys Murphy and Billy Clifford.
Reds started the sharpest as Collins seized on a defensive mistake but fired wide.
Kaby Djalo found Dean Cox, who is a cut-in from the wing but shot over the bar.
Accrington then produced chances at the other end as Billy Kee won the ball from Payne but fired straight at keeper Glenn Morris.
The Reds stopper was brought into play again to deny Jordan Clark with a bouncing shot from 30 yards.
Collins twice combined with Cox to create chances, the former Leyton Orient winger seeing his effort cleared then Collins saw his opportunity blocked.
Joe McNerney nodded an opportunity over the bar and just after Enzio Boldewijn's ball into the area was cleared only as far as Payne, whose ensuing shot was blocked.
Although Reds looked on top just before the break, Accrington scored within three minutes of the restart of the second half.
Billy Kee supplied a ball to McCartan who was brought down by the advancing Morris and the ball continued into the net for his 11th goal of the season.
There was a delay as the Reds custodian received treatment but then continued to play with a bandaged head.
The goal gave the home side a lift and Sean McConville soon nearly gave them a second goal with a far post header which flew over the bar.
Collins was on target with a chance which was deflected for a corner.
Accrington's McCartan hit the post with a curling shot with just 11 minutes left.
Crawley might have scored an equaliser with nine minutes to go when Payne launched a shot from 30 yards which was parried by the keeper to Collins who could not find the target.
Murphy came on for Jimmy Smith for the last nine minutes plus five minutes of add-time and pushed players forward but they could not find the net as Accrington extended their unbeaten run to 15 matches.
REDS: Morris, Young, Connolly, McNerney, Blackman, Smith (capt) (Murphy 82), Djalo (Clifford 62), Payne, Boldewijn, Cox (Roberts 62), Collins
Subs: Mersin, Garnett, Bawling, Lelan
ACCRINGTON: Rodak, Donacien, Hughes, Beckles, Rodgers, McConville, Conneely, Pearson, Clark, McCartan, Kee
Subs: Husin, Gornell, Boco, Edwards, Shaw, Brown, Chapman
ATTENDANCE: 1,652 (55 away)
2016 has been the springboard year for Cloud communications. Over the past 12 months, Cloud communications has gained a significant momentum, which will continue well into 2017 as enterprises migrate additional applications to the cloud and feature real-time communication applications. With massive business uptake and exponential growth, several industry reports have forecast this growth trend to be on track in 2017 as well. Given that cloud communications is benchmarked for rapid evolution in the near future, here are a few of cloud telephony trends that might prove to be a shot in the arm for the cloud communications industry in the upcoming year:
The Progressive Role of Public Cloud Services
From private clouds to public clouds, organizations are making a rapid transition after realizing the amount of savings it generates in terms of time and cost. Organisations are rapidly migrating onto public cloud services to meet any and all business requirements, be it emails, documents, business applications, or unified communication systems. This offloads the responsibility of day-to-day maintenance and management of the IT set up to cloud-based service providers, and frees up their internal IT teams to focus on business-critical innovations and drive additional revenue streams for enterprises. The steady progress of the global public cloud market can be gauged from its consistent annual growth of 22 percent, growing from $87 billion in 2015 to a projected $146 billion in 2017.
Web-based Communications
With 2017 poised to be the year of web communications, we will witness several integrations between web-based interfaces and communication technology. Numerous emerging technologies are already eliminating the need for plug-ins, hardware, or proprietary technology by enabling communications features and functions to be natively embedded into websites and web-based applications. By promoting interconnectivity between all supported devices, these integrations will allow organisations to exponentially increase the outlay of their communications infrastructure without heavy investments.
Cloud Communications & CRM (customer relationship management)
Intelligence is a buzzword in today's technological arena, and 2017 will see more companies benefitting from evolved voice communications. By integrating their communications infrastructure with customer databases, organisations will be able to create intelligent communication networks that places consumers at the heart of any interaction. This will not only drive better productivity for a business, but will also significantly enhance its customer experience quotient. Furthermore, businesses will rewrite more applications and shift it completely to the cloud platform to optimally utilize the elasticity of cloud communications.
Hybridisation of Cloud Platforms
While public cloud platforms and third-party providers help to significantly cut down on the costs, they also bring in a high risk of compromising sensitive and secured information. As a result, most CIOs are looking towards adopting a hybrid model with the help of Hyperconverged infrastructure (HCI). It offers preintegrated storage resources that creates small, isolated pockets of information and helps to run cloud implementations faster. In fact, HCI solutions are considered the foundation for any private cloud development.
Greater Proactivity and Improved Response Times
Technology has improved response times and facilitated a proactive business approach. Increasing sophistication in communications technology and its integration with CRM systems will allow enterprises to drive more growth, achieve greater scale, improve customer service, and generate better returns. Productivity will no doubt shoot up because of improved response times, as will the end-user service satisfaction.
Data Utilisation
Data has emerged as the new ‘gold' for the global business landscape, and 2017 is expected to further underline the impact of properly utilising data. Gartner predicts that as many as 25 percent businesses will create the leadership role of Chief Data Officer (CDO) to specifically oversee information management and value extraction from available data in order to enable highly informed and accurate decision-making.
Conclusion
Communication technologies have evolved in step with a fast-changing business ecosystem, and are providing organisations with a competitive advantage when it comes to accomplishing both long-term and short-term objectives. As more day-to-day functions migrate onto a digital platform and remote workforces continue to rise, there will be a greater convergence between tech and the way businesses currently work. Businesses that understand this changing paradigm and adopt cloud-based communications into their everyday functioning early will eventually be optimally positioned to achieve long-term success.
The widow of an Indian engineer who was murdered at a bar in Olathe, Kansas, was almost forced to leave the country, but others stepped in and bought her time.
When Rep. Kevin Yoder (R-Kansas) discovered that Sunayana Dumala, the widow of murdered Indian engineer Srinivas Kuchibhotla, was to be deported from the United States, he told TIME that he was "apoplectic."
"We are not going to deport the widow of the victim of a hate crime," Yoder stated.
With the support of others, Yoder was able to secure Dumala a one-year visa while he continues to help her win permanent residency.
In February 2017 Kuchibhotla was fatally shot in Austins Bar & Grill in Olathe, Kansas, in an alleged hate crime. Since he and Dumala had applied for a green card on his work visa, his death meant that his widow would have to start the entire process over.
Dumala, who has lived in the U.S. for 10 years, has built a life for herself in Kansas, and the prospect of being forced to leave compounded the tragedy of her loss. She was concerned that she would not even be allowed back into the country after visiting India to lay her husband to rest.
"On the fateful night of Feb. 22, I not only lost my husband but also my immigration status," Dumala told The Kansas City Star in an email.
TIME noted that Yoder has made some immigrants a key political cause of his. The congressman is behind a bill that would put well-educated immigrants for nations like China and India on the fast track to permanent residency, which can take decades thanks to a 7 percent cap on green cards issued to citizens of any one country in a fiscal year. The goal is to make America more accessible for those with skill sets highly valued in the currently booming markets.
"I'm very fortunate that many people came to my rescue to get me back on a temporary status ... and are continuing to work on a permanent fix," Dumala said.
Read More Congress Can Protect DACA Recipients With These 4 Bills
Banner and thumbnail credit: Reuters photographer Dave Kaup
Newcomer Flying V and perennial favorite Cignal HD try to arrange a dream championship showdown as they go for the clinchers in their best-of-three semifinals series in the 2017 Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) D-League Foundation Cup today at Ynares Sports Arena in Pasig City.
The Thunder try to extend their amazing unbeaten streak to 12 games as they seek to sweep Centro Escolar University (CEU) in Game 2 of their semifinal series at 5 p.m.
Meanwhile, the Hawkeyes also gun for their semis sweep against Marinerong Pilipino at 3 p.m.
Coming off a tough 65-61 win over the Scorpions in Game 1 last Thursday, Flying V brace for another tough encounter against a struggling CEU and force a winner-take-all Game 3.
“I know it will be more challenging. I think that it's why it's called playoffs. The CEU has increased their playing level,” said Thunderhead coach Eric Altramirano.
“We need to a better job controlling the rebounds and blocking out their bigs. We're just up by one game but its not yet finish. We should strive for more,” he added.
Flying V will continue to rely on Jeron Teng, Eric Salamat and Gab Banal to bring a solid defensive game plan on Scorpions Congolese big man Rod Ebondo, who had 20 points and 27 rebounds in Game 1.
In the first game, Cignal HD coach Boyet Fernandez also expects a strong encounter from the Skippers of mentor Koy Banal.
“As we all know it will be tough again facing Marinerong Pilipino because I am pretty sure that coach Koy [Banal] really prepared hard for us. We will look what our advantages are and really try to be methodical again to prepare against Marinerong Pilipino on Tuesday,” said Fernandez.
The Hawkeyes coasted to an 86-67 drubbing of Marinerong Pilipino to snap the latter's winning streak that put them in the semis.
Reymar Jose will lead the charge of the Hawkeyes along with Pamboy Raymundo and Jayson Perkins.
Meanwhile, Skippers coach Koy Banal is not losing hope and just wants his players to trust each other in order to tie the series.
“We've seen their capabilities and we did not play with our maximum potential. That's what we're expecting from them to bring in on Tuesday,” said Banal.
The Marinerong Pilipino will rely on Mark Isip, Robbie Herndon and John Lopez as they try to bring the series to Game Three.
Alleged mismanagement of resources is reported to have affected works of constructing Lundazi Trades Training Institute.
But authorities in Lundazi have however, dismissed the allegation that works at the learning institute stalled because of resource mismanagement.
Lundazi District Building Officer Felix Kaite says that delay in the completion of the institute was because government has not been funding the project for some time now.
Speaking in a telephone interview, Mr. Kaite stated that this has resulted into the contractor running behind the scheduled time of completion.
Mr. Kaite told Breeze News that the project is likely to resume this year, although he was unable to give a specific time when the project will resume.
He stated that it was up to the Ministry of Higher Education to honour the certificate of payment in good time for the works to resume.
About 21 million kwacha was budgeted for the construction of the project.
The government of New South Wales has expressed confidence in the Philippine economy and seeks to strengthen trade and investment cooperation ties between Manila and the eastern Australian state, the Department of Trade and Industry (DTI) said on Monday.
In a statement, DTI said New South Wales Premier Gladys Berejiklian met with Trade Secretary Ramon Lopez on December 7 and conveyed her government's intention to enhance its relationship with the country.
New South Wales imports telecommunication equipment and parts, passenger motor vehicles, medicaments or substances used for medical treament, refined petroleum and computers.
“We welcome Australian investors and businesses that will help us uplift the lives of those at the bottom of the pyramid and enable the Philippines to contribute in the global value chain,” Lopez said.
“New South Wales has expressed strong confidence in our economy and the business environment stability under the Duterte administration and wish to partner with us,” he added.
The trade chief highlighted the growing manufacturing sector and encouraged New South Wales to partner with the Philippines in research and development.
He also shared the government's initiatives in streamlining and automating services to improve doing business in the country.
“We will continue to work on opening areas of investment and increase employment and business opportunities for all Filipinos,” Lopez said.
Berejiklian said many Australian businesses, especially in the information and communications technology (ICT) sector, are attracted to the Philippines' encouraging economic state and enormous potential.
She said that, besides the country's impressive 6.9-percent gross domestic product (GDP) growth, the Filipino workforce also has good traits and work culture.
The Arizona Cardinals have not yet signed any cornerback since the start of free agency, but a couple have been on their radar. They wish to re-sign veteran Tramon Williams and also brought in E.J. Gaines.
They reportedly have interest in another free agent, one who has some familiarity with new Cardinals coach Steve Wilks.
According to Aaron Wilson, they, along with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, are interested in CB Robert McClain.
Cardinals and Buccaneers among NFL teams interested in free agent cornerback Robert McClain, according to league sources — Aaron Wilson (@AaronWilson_NFL) March 19, 2018
McClain is a small cornerback at 5-9, 180 pounds. He has been in the league since 2010, drafted originally by the Carolina Panthers in the seventh round. He has bounced around a bit, going from Carolina to the Atlanta Falcons, back to Carolina in 2015 and 2016, then to the San Diego Chargers and Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
He has some position flexibility, playing both cornerback and safety. Last season in Tampa, he played in 14 games, starting nine. He had 44 tackles, five broken up passes and three interceptions, one of which he returned for a touchdown. It was a career high in picks.
While in Carolina for his second stint, his position coach was Wilks.
Perhaps McClain is a backup plan for the Cardinals in case they cannot re-sign Tramon Williams or sign Gaines, or perhaps he would be added to simply add depth to Arizona's defensive backs.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
This year's festival will have a true local focus featuring local bands, local craft beers and support for local charities.
Contact
Larry Burdgick
9542057813
***@flnauticalfleamarket.com Larry Burdgick9542057813
End
-- The Indian River Nautical Flea Market will be packed with an impressive display of new, used, liquidated and closed out marine and fishing accessories. A wide range of other types of marine products, hardware, electronics, nautical hardware, clothing, shoes, and nautical gifts will on sale.Bargain hunters looking for deals can visit marine booths as vendor's exhibit and sell their nautical and marine related merchandise and services during the two day festival. The nautical flea market will have antique collectibles and maps, marine artifacts, rods, reels, lures and lines, boating apparel, taxidermy, diving equipment, and much more. Come by for some super discounts on liquidation, closeouts, new, and used boating and fishing supplies.One of the highlights to this year's event is the Marine and Wildlife Art Festival and Craft Show. Marine, wildlife and nature artists and craftsmen will be exhibiting and selling their work. Photography, acrylic and oil paintings, serigraphy, watercolor, jewelry, clothing, pottery, woodcarving, quilting, metalwork, leatherworkers and furniture will be exhibited and sold.Live local bands will play during the festival, as patrons crunch into healthy seafood to remind themselves of their love for the sea.Visit the Indian River Nautical Flea Market and Seafood Festival website http://www.FLNauticalFleaMarket.com for more information, discount tickets, vendor applications, special hotel rates and specific driving directions. Contact Under the Sun Promotions, Inc. at 954-205-7813, FAX: 561-395-5389.Follow Indian River Nautical Flea Market and Seafood Festival on Facebook for up-to-the-minute announcements.Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ Indian-River- Nautical-Flea- Marke...
President Trump has decided to add another attorney to the legal team defending him in the Russia probe — a lawyer who charges that the FBI and Justice Department have illegally conspired to frame the commander-in-chief.
Washington lawyer Joseph E. diGenova has also charged on TV and in speeches that the nation's top law enforcement authorities covered up for Hillary Clinton over her use of a private email server — and then decided to target Trump after Clinton lost the election.
“Over the past year, facts have emerged that suggest there was a plot by high-ranking FBI and Department of Justice officials in the Obama administration, acting under color of law, to exonerate Hillary Clinton of federal crimes and then, if she lost the election, to frame Donald Trump and his campaign for colluding with Russia to steal the presidency,” diGenova charged during a speech in January at an event in Washington, DC, sponsored by Hillsdale College.
“This conduct was not based on mere bias, as has been widely claimed, but rather on deeply felt animus toward Trump and his agenda.”
Digenova, whose hiring was first reported by The New York Times, won't head up the president's defense team, which also recently contacted a white collar lawyer who is an expert on impeachment issues.
But he will play the role of pit bull, echoing Trump's own ramped up attacks on special counsel Robert Mueller, the paper reported, citing sources.
“The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!” the president wrote in one of a series of raging weekend tweets.
While offering little evidence other than polls that show about half of voters think Mueller's probe is politically motivated, diGenova has pushed the theory that shadowy forces are at work trying to undermine the president.
“There was a brazen plot to illegally exonerate Hillary Clinton and, if she didn't win the election, to then frame Donald Trump with a falsely created crime,” he said told Fox News in January.
“Make no mistake about it: A group of FBI and DOJ people were trying to frame Donald Trump of a falsely created crime.”
The addition followed a weekend statement from one of Trump's lawyers, John Dowd, that Mueller's investigation should be shut down.
Dowd at first said he was speaking for the president — who slammed Mueller by name on Twitter for the first time over the weekend after his administration fired deputy FBI director Andrew McCabe — but later changed his tune and said he was speaking for himself.
Another lawyer, Ty Cobb, had repeatedly told his boss that Mueller's probe would end by Thanksgiving, and then Christmas when the former didn't happen.
But with the special counsel's team seeking documents from the Trump Organization related to Russia, experts said the investigation will continue for months or longer.
And Trump's personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, is defending the president in a high-stakes legal battle with porn vixen Stormy Daniels over the affair she alleges she had with Trump in 2006.
Charles Harder — who had successfully represented first lady Melania Trump in her lawsuit against the Daily Mail and Hulk Hogan in the his legal battle against Gawker – had signed onto a lawsuit the president filed against Daniels to keep her from spilling the beans on their hookup.
The president is also reportedly in talks with Emmet Flood — who represented President Clinton during his impeachment proceedings.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
As is ever the case, the new Cabinet appointments tipped their hats to gender, geography, ability and, in the case of the main mover around the table, a demand that just had to be met.
Arguably, the key appointment of Leo Varadkar's first Cabinet was Simon Coveney, the defeated candidate in the Fine Gael leadership contest. Once Coveney wanted Foreign Affairs, it was impossible for Varadkar to refuse.
It may not be the most powerful position – that goes to Paschal Donohoe – but the move had knock-on effects across Cabinet.
Coveney's big ask was to be given, after the Taoiseach, the next most important position when it comes to Brexit negotiations, and he can be counted as one of yesterday's big winners since he got exactly what he wanted.
And to underline that he will indeed be the point man for Brexit, Varadkar confirmed in the Dáil that the new Fine Gael deputy leader will co-ordinate the Government's response on the issue that will likely define the next few years.
Yet there was a sting in the tail for Coveney, as Varadkar ordered his successor in the Department of Housing, Eoghan Murphy, to review Coveney's keynote Rebuilding Ireland strategy, which likely spells the end of his controversial first-time buyer's grant, which Varadkar already cast doubt on during the leadership contest.
Coveney's request for Foreign Affairs meant that Charlie Flanagan's days in Iveagh House were numbered, but the Laois TD fell somewhat on his feet in the Department of Justice. Although a politically toxic brief in recent times, it is still one of the State's big departments.
Coveney's move also meant that Murphy, who ran Varadkar's leadership campaign, was rewarded with a senior Cabinet position in the Department of Housing, Planning and Local Government.
Poor signal
It had been speculated in recent days that Murphy may have had to make do with a superjunior post, but that would have sent a poor signal to those who went to bat for Varadkar.
Had Murphy not been promoted, and Coveney supporters such as Simon Harris kept on, other Varadkar backers could have been forgiven for asking what loyalty to the new Taoiseach is worth.
Nevertheless, Murphy's promotion is a well-earned reward for running the leadership campaign with ruthless efficiency.
Harris, staying on the Department of Health, is probably still breathing a sigh of relief. The 30-year-old Minister was in the crosshairs, but the new Taoiseach has pardoned him, albeit by keeping him in a busy post that most past ministers tried to escape from.
Varadkar has said he will take an active role in the department, so Harris could find his work closely supervised.
One of the biggest winners was Frances Fitzgerald, whose sunny demeanour and upbeat humour in recent days perhaps betrayed some knowledge that she was to be awarded with a significant post.
And so it came to pass, with the Dublin Mid West TD reappointed as Tánaiste and moved from troublesome Justice to the much more attractive Enterprise and Innovation brief.
Whatever passed between the Fitzgerald and Varadkar when she pledged her support to him, she has shown herself to be a canny political operator who is well positioned if she wants a run for the presidency, as is rumoured.
As Tánaiste, she will also have Varadkar's back and is not a threat to his leadership.
Yet even with the big names of Coveney and Fitzgerald at the apex of the new Government, Paschal Donohoe has emerged as the second most powerful person around the Cabinet table.
Donohoe has assumed the role of Minister for Finance in addition to his previous job as Minister for Public Expenditure, again concentrating tax and spending responsibilities in one individual. Donohoe, who has risen quickly, has thus far earned a reputation as tough negotiator, skills that will be needed even more.
Demoted
The biggest loser is Mary Mitchell O'Connor, who has been demoted from the Department of Jobs to a new superjunior position in the Department of Education with responsibility for higher education.
The eventual elevation to Cabinet of Michael Ring, the Mayo TD who has long soldiered in the shadow of Enda Kenny, ensures there is a voice for the west of Ireland at the top of Government – and a loud one, at that. Ring and Varadkar have a strong personal relationship, too.
Regina Doherty's promotion from chief whip to Minister for Employment and Social Protection was also a reward for a Varadkar ally, and Joe McHugh's step up to Doherty's old position was a long time coming for the Donegal TD. His constituency is also one where Fine Gael knows it needs to improve.
But there were many TDs watching last night who vocally supported Varadkar and felt they should have been rewarded, but will not yet speak out.
They will await the junior ministerial appointments next week, when the real trouble could begin for Varadkar.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
A woman trapped in a fire in a residential block in London sent a Snapchat message to say goodbye to friends and family.
The unidentified mother-of-two was on the 23rd block of Grenfell Tower in west London when a fire broke out and quickly engulfed the building.
A friend of the woman shows ITV news the video, she says the woman is praying in Arabic and saying "the whole building is burning."
"She is saying goodbye to everyone. You cant see anything because it is all smoke."
The 30-year-old woman had her two children with her when the fire started. It is not yet known if she made it out of the building.
The cause of the London fire is yet to be determined.
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
KlitschKo sends Joshua warning
Wladimir Klitschko has warned Anthony Joshua that he could knock him out with either hand in their world title fight in April. The Ukrainian has 53 stoppage wins in his 68 fights, including five in his last eight, a statistic which he claims proves that, despite being 41 when the Joshua clash takes place at […]
The post KlitschKo sends Joshua warning appeared first on Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
We preview Offaly and Laois in the Leinster Hurling Championship, with starting teams and live score commentary updates; throw-in Sunday 3:30pm.
It hasn't been the ideal season for Laois, but they preserved their Division 1B status with a promotion/relegation playoff this year against Westmeath. That was their only victory in a league campaign in which they fell to a five-point defeat to Offaly.
In a re-match of last year's Leinster quarter-final, in which Laois ran out eight-point winners. Offaly suffered defeat to Westmeath in the Leinster Round-robin before two victories secured a place in this year's Championship proper. But they were far from convincing against Kerry and Carlow and Laois should have the upper hand this Sunday.
Offaly will look to Shane Dooley who has scored 2-23 in the round-robin. The problem for Laois over the last while, in the big games is scoring goals. While they should get the upper hand against Offaly they will need to score goals to overcome a bigger foe.
The Managers
Seamus Plunkett (Laois): Oddly he became the manager he was supposed to be searching for back in December 2012. He was the Minor manager before making the step up to senior level. He won promotion out of Division 2A in his first year. In the Championship his side led Galway by a point at the break before and trailed 1-13 to 1-12 with seven minutes remaining before falling to defeat. In 2014 they came close again to Galway, losing by two points.
Éamonn Kelly (Offaly): The Tipperary man won All-Ireland medals at Junior level. He brought Kildangan to an intermediate All-Ireland title in 2005, and later was a selector for the county U21 team. He led Kerry to a National Hurling League Division 2A title against Carlow before missing out on promotion to Division 1B having lost out to Offaly. He lost out on qualification to the Leinster round-robin Championship when he lost in back-to-back finals. He stepped down as manager of Kerry and became manager of Offaly in 2015 with a mediocre league campaign this seaosn.
Teams:
Offaly:
1 James Dempsey - 2 Paddy Rigney, 3 Dermot Shortt, 4 Chris McDonald – 5 Dermot Mooney, 6 Sean Gardiner, 7 David King – 8 Sean Ryan, 9 Pat Camon – 10 Paddy Murphy, 11 Joe Bergin, 12 Shane Kinsella – 13 Kevin Connolly, 14 James Mulrooney, 15 Shane Dooley.
Substitutes:
16 Oisin Mahon, 17 Cillian Kiely, 18 Sean Cleary, 19 Paudge Guinan, 20 Jason Sampson, 21 Dan Kelleher, 22 Niall Wynne, 23 Colin Egan, 24 Liam Langton, 25 Ben Conneely, 26 Adrian Cleary.
Laois:
1 Enda Rowland – 2 Dwane Palmer, 3 Darren Maher, 4 Cahir Healy – 5 Leigh Bergin, 6 Matthew Whelan, 7 Ryan Mullaney – 8 Patrick Purcell, 9 Colm Stapleton – 10 Charles Dwyer, 11 Neil Foyle, 12 Stephen Maher – 13 John Lennon, 14 Willie Hyland, 15 PJ Scully.
style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:250px"
data-ad-client="ca-pub-7929883964836276"
data-ad-slot="9238716543">
Former Canterbury Bulldogs NRL chief executive Raelene Castle is reportedly set to take over as Rugby Australia's new boss and make another piece of sports administration history.
A number of media outlets ran reports late on Monday evening and early Tuesday morning that Castle would be appointed to succeed incumbent CEO Bill Pulver.
When he announced in August that Perth's Western Force was being cut from Super Rugby, Pulver said he would stand down once a replacement was found.
His contract is due to expire next February and it is not yet clear if he will see out his tenure Rugby Australia has yet to confirm the reports, though that may happen later on Tuesday.
Advertisement
If confirmed, Castle would become the first female boss of any of the national governing bodies of the four major football codes in Australia.
Fusion Antibodies Ltd (UK) and Synbio Technologies Co. Ltd (China/USA) are excited to announce a commercial partnership to support biologic drug development in China.
Contact
Synbio Technologies
Logan Cummins
***@synbio-tech.com Synbio TechnologiesLogan Cummins
End
-- Fusion Antibodies Ltd (UK) and Synbio Technologies Co. Ltd (China/USA) are excited to announce a commercial partnership to support biologic drug development in China.June 2017 – Fusion Antibodies Ltd (Belfast, UK) and Synbio Technologies Co Ltd (China/USA), today announce a commercial agreement whereby the companies will support academia, biotech and pharma companies in China across the full spectrum of services required for the discovery and development of biologic based drugs.Fusion Antibodies, a biologic drug development contract research organisation (CRO) founded in Belfast UK in 2001, offers a suite of services from early discovery through to antibody engineering and stable cell line development. They are particularly well known for their antibody humanization capabilities utilising their proprietary CDRx™ platform.Synbio Technologies is a DNA technology company which focuses on next generation gene synthesis technology and its applications. The company's scientific capabilities encompass areas such as DNA engineering, genome synthesis, pharmacogenomics, microbiology, translational biology and the applications of synthetic biology. They have developed the first integrated GPS (Genotype, Phenotype and Synotype) system aimed to a quick and easy translation or reverse translation between "Genotype" and "Phenotype" by using their proprietary "Synotype" platform."We are very excited with this new partnership,"Dr. Paul Kerr, Managing Director of Fusion Antibodies stated. ''We believe that bringing together Synbio Technologies molecular biology expertise with Fusion Antibodies protein engineering capabilities will bring significant benefits to the Chinese biologics development community. Through this agreement Synbio's clients' will be able to move seamlessly from antibody discovery through the key steps of gene synthesis and protein engineering to cGMP supply in China".George Diao, VP for Business Development of Synbio Technologies said: "Fusion Antibodies is the ideal partner as is having the right expertise and technology to help clients move quickly in to clinical development. They have successfully completed over 75 humanization projects for biopharma clients globally and with 6 antibodies humanized via their CDRx™ platform now in or entering clinical trials they have a proven track record. Together we intend to replicate this success in China harnessing Synbio Technologies local market knowledge and scientific expertise."Please visit http://www.synbio- tech.com for more details.
From chocolate cheese sandwich to hung curd sandwich, it has it all
It is being immensely loved by people across Delhi NCR
This 'Food Car' located in Noida serves the most scrumptious sandwiches
This 'Food Car' is located in Noida and serves the most scrumptious sandwiches
A post shared by Shubham Verma (@thefoodiemonk) on Nov 2, 2017 at 10:52pm PDT
A post shared by Dipti (@dipti.creative.soul) on Oct 7, 2017 at 4:34am PDT
In a new study, UCSB scientists explain how they used DNA to identify microbes present in the Gulf of Mexico after the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, and how they identified the microbes responsible for consuming the large amount of natural gas present immediately after the spill. They also explain how water temperature played a key role in the way bacteria reacted to the spill.
The results of their research are published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The study was led by David Valentine, a geochemist and professor of earth science at UCSB, and Molly Redmond, a postdoctoral scholar in Valentine's laboratory. The research was supported by the National Science Foundation and the Department of Energy.
The Deepwater Horizon oil spill was unique, according to the scientists, because it happened at such great depth and contained so much natural gas — predominantly methane, ethane and propane. Those factors influenced the way bacteria responded to the spill. In earlier studies, Valentine, Redmond and their colleagues showed that ethane and propane were the major hydrocarbon compounds being consumed in June 2010, two months after the start of the April spill. By September 2010, the scientists found that these gases and all of the methane had been consumed.
In May and June 2010, the scientists found that bacterial communities in the Deepwater Horizon submerged plume were dominated by just a few types — Oceanospirillales, Colwellia and Cycloclasticus — and were very different from control samples without large concentrations of oil or gas, and also from the communities in surface oil slicks collected at the same time.
“It's much warmer at the surface than in the deep water — around 80 degrees (Fahrenheit) versus 40 degrees, which is pretty close to the temperature in your refrigerator,” said Redmond, the study's lead author. “There was very little natural gas in the surface samples, suggesting that both temperature and natural gas could be important in determining which bacteria bloomed after the spill. The bacteria we saw in the deep-water samples in May and June were related to types of psychrophilic, or cold-loving bacteria. Most bacteria grow more slowly at cooler temperatures. That's why we keep our food in the refrigerator. But psychrophilic bacteria actually grow faster at cold temperatures than they would at room temperature.”
To provide additional evidence of the importance of temperature, the scientists added oil to water from the Gulf and incubated it at 40 degrees and at room temperature (about 70 degrees), and looked at which bacteria grew at the different temperatures. In the 40-degree samples, Colwellia were most abundant, but were only found in low numbers in the room temperature samples, suggesting that these particular bacteria have an advantage in cold water.
“To figure out which bacteria were consuming methane, ethane and propane, we used a technique called stable isotope probing, where we incubated fresh seawater samples from the Gulf with isotopically labeled methane, ethane or propane,” Redmond said. “The bacteria that grew as they consumed the methane, ethane, or propane converted the isotopically labeled gases into biomass, including their DNA. By sequencing the labeled DNA, we were able to identify the bacteria that had consumed the methane, ethane or propane.
The bacteria that consumed the ethane and propane were the same Colwellia that we saw at high abundance in the environmental samples from May and June, when ethane and propane consumption rates were high, and that were abundant when we incubated oil at 40 degrees, but not at room temperature.”
This suggests that the Colwellia were abundant because they grow well at low temperatures and because they could consume ethane and propane, which were very abundant during the spill, the researchers said. The bacteria that consumed methane were a group of bacteria called Methylococcaceae — the same bacteria that were abundant in September after the methane had been consumed, suggesting that they were, in fact, important in consuming methane.
“The ability of oil-eating bacteria to also grow with natural gas as their foodstuff is important, because these bacteria may have grown to high numbers by eating the more-abundant gas, and then turned their attention to other components of the oil,” Valentine said. “With this work, we have revealed some of the relationships between hydrocarbons released from Deepwater Horizon and the bacteria that responded. But numerous questions remain as to how the bacteria interacted with one another, and how this ecology impacted the fate of the released oil.”
The new range of carrier bags comes in a number of designs yet is available at pocket friendly prices.
Solid Green Brown Twisted Handle-850x300
Contact
David Boon
Carrier Bags For Sale
01618832344
***@gmail.com David BoonCarrier Bags For Sale01618832344
End
-- This time is for new age and out of the box thinking. Copying what others have already done will bring no newness to your routine products and brand. There is a team of creative people that work their minds every day for more than twelve hours and that is when the brands are made.Marketing is no easy job and it takes lot to make a company a brand. Carrier Bags for Sale has been privileged to work with many brands and contributed towards their branding by supplying them with beautifully designed, the best quality printed carrier bags.On April 17, 2017 Carrier Bags for Sale has come up with a new technology to give a matt and glossy flawless finish to their bags. For the record they have been selling matt and glossy finish carrier bags for years but now they have start using thermal lamination technique to give a flawless finish to the paper carrier bags.This effect makes the bags of the company a high-end carrier bag. However, the price of these bags has not been raised. They still are the best option for buying cheap carrier bags.The new range which is also called boutique carrier bags is made from 150 GSM paper. These bags are given dual protection at the mouth and base by adding a layer of duplex paper of 300 GSM. This is because maximum pressure is put on the mouth and base of the bags.Mostly retailers complain to their packaging providers about the handles of the bags. Very often handles come off when bags are stuffed to their limits. Carrier Bags for Sale has used turn over top technology to prevent this issue. This technology is rare to find with packaging industries, as it involves a fully automated production.This new range is sure to attract many retailers and give a good competition to many packaging industries.Carrier Bags for Sale is a premier supplier of packaging solutions in UK. It is a Manchester based company and have a wide spread of categories to match the complete packaging needs of their customers. Their UK based website is one of the leading e-commerce portals. They have the expertise in the entire packaging arena and their forte is carrier bags. Company manufactures European styled turn over top folded or J-cut carrier bags. They are known for excellent quality and affordable prices.For more information about the company, visit www.carrierbagsforsale.co.uk They can be reached at 01618832344 or you can also write to them at sales@carrierbagsforsale.co.uk
Central Pulse have continued their push for home advantage in the national netball premiership playoffs with a 57-47 win over the Northern Stars in Porirua last night.
With only one game of the regular season remaining, the Pulse have eased into second place overall, one point ahead of the Northern Mystics and four in front of the Magic.
Pulse's Phoenix Karaka takes a pass with Stars' Emma Iversen during the ANZ Premiership netball match between the Pulse and Northern Stars at the Te Rauparaha Arena in Porirua. Source: Photosport
Second and third will play off to decide who meets unbeaten competition leaders the Southern Steel later this month in Invercargill.
The Pulse looked comfortable for the first 30 minutes last night, their dominance built around a slick midcourt and an unflappable shooting circle.
Whitney Souness, Sarah Bayman and tireless wing defence Claire Kersten shifted turnover ball swiftly down court where Cathrine Tuivaiti (35 from 36) and 16-year-old goal attack Tiana Metuarau (22/27) duly converted.
However, ahead 15-10 after 15 minutes, and 30-19 at halftime, the Pulse lost momentum in the third quarter as the Stars hauled themselves back into the match.
Kayla Cullen's shift from wing defence into the circle put more pressure on the Pulse feed and, at the other end of the court, Afa Rusivakula and Malia Vaka found good position to convert the turnover ball.
Ahead 41-35 at the three-quarter mark, the Pulse opened out in the closing 15 minutes to restore some respectability to their winning margin.
Earlier, an outstanding final-quarter defensive effort had set up the Steel for a gritty 51-46 win over Mainland Tactix in Christchurch.
The Steel were left depleted after six of their squad were involved in an accident on Tuesday when their van collided with a car at a Christchurch intersection.
Captain and wing defence Wendy Frew needed surgery on her elbow and leg, while Jamaican shooter Jhaniele Fowler-Reid, goal attack Te Paea Selby-Rickit and midcourter Shannon Francois were also admitted to hospital briefly.
Missing four of their top-line players, the Steel ran a largely second-string line-up against the bottom-of-the-table Tactix, who looked set to record just their second win in 14 games when they took a three-goal lead into the last quarter.
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) " Cristiano Ronaldo made a big impact in his truncated appearance at Camp Nou on Sunday, scoring a goal before being sent off in Real Madrid's 3-1 win over Barcelona in the first leg of the Spanish Super Cup.
Ronaldo went on in the 58th minute and scored with a beautiful strike to make it 2-1 in the 80th, earning a yellow card for taking off his shirt to flex his muscles at Barcelona's faithful.
But that defiant pose turned into a petulant pout two minutes later when Ronaldo was booked again for diving in the area following contact with Barcelona defender Samuel Umtiti.
Ronaldo gave the referee a push in the back after seeing the red card that meant he will miss Wednesday's return leg at the Santiago Bernabeu.
Advertisement
Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane said that the club would consider appealing Ronaldo's second booking to the Spanish football federation.
"We played a great match. What bothers me is the sending off of Cristiano," Zidane said. "Maybe it wasn't a penalty, but the card is a bit too much."
After Madrid went ahead in the 50th from an own-goal by Barcelona defender Gerard Pique, Lionel Messi equalized for Barcelona in the 77th from the penalty spot. Messi was given the chance to take his "clasico" goal record to 24 against Madrid when Luis Suarez was fouled by goalkeeper Keylor Navas.
While Ronaldo's goal was a blow, substitute Marco Asensio's 90th-minute strike " with Madrid down to 10 men " left Barcelona in a deep hole for the second leg.
"I am not going to play this down, we are happy with the result. But of course it is not over," Zidane said. "We are going to enjoy this today, because it is something to enjoy, and tomorrow we will think about the game on Wednesday."
While Zidane's Madrid took a big step to a second title to start the season after beating Manchester United in the European Super Cup, it was a dismal debut for Barcelona manager Ernesto Valverde.
Barcelona had hoped to show that, with Messi, Luis Suarez and Andres Iniesta, it could still compete with Madrid despite having Brazil star Neymar plucked away by Paris Saint-Germain on a world-record transfer last week.
Valverde opted to start Gerard Deulofeu in Neymar's spot on the left side, and the contrast with Neymar was clear. The forward lacked the natural talent and expert timing that Neymar had developed over four seasons with Messi and Suarez up front, and Barcelona attacked better after midfielder Denis Suarez replaced Deulofeu early in the second half.
While Barcelona slumped to a loss to its fiercest rival, Neymar scored a goal in an impressive debut for PSG to help it win 3-0 at Guingamp in the French league.
"We don't like to lose, especially against Madrid, and especially when there is a title at stake," Valverde said. "We are hurting after a loss like this, but we have to regroup and get ready for the next match."
Barcelona's night to forget started when Pique slid to defend a cross by Marcelo, only to redirect the ball into the corner of his net.
Barcelona still dominated possession, but ended up playing into Madrid's hands. It was caught off-balance in defense on goals by second-half substitutes Ronaldo and Asensio scored on the break.
Both forwards were left all alone against Pique. And, after maneuvering to pick their spots, Ronaldo and Asensio executed superb strikes from outside the area to beat the outstretched arms of goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen.
Ronaldo's first goal of the season came after he played just the final 10 minutes of Madrid's win over United as Zidane monitors his return to full speed following an extended summer vacation.
The defeat leaves Barcelona under pressure to spend at least part of the record 222 million euros ($262 million) it received from PSG for Neymar before the market closes at the end of the month. So far, the club's attempts to pry away Liverpool midfielder Philippe Coutinho and Borussia Dortmund winger Ousmane Dembele have failed.
"The team needs to be renewed," Barcelona midfielder Sergio Busquets said. "There is no doubt that we have to sign players."
Brendan Taylor's brilliant century went in vain as West Indies moved to the brink of qualification for the 2019 Cricket World Cup as they defeated Zimbabwe by four wickets in the latest qualifying match on Monday.
Chasing 290 to win, the two-time champions reached their target with six balls to spare after surviving a worrying mid-innings collapse.
Marlon Samuels smashed a gutsy 86 off 80 deliveries to keep the World Cup hopes alive. The Jamaica-born cricketer stitched a crucial 135-run stand with Shai Hope for the third wicket.
The Caribbean outfit is leading the points table with 6 points but will still have to avoid defeat against Scotland on Wednesday to confirm their berth in cricket the biggest event.
Zimbabwe, on five points, can still make the 2019 finals by beating the UAE on Thursday although the Scots, Ireland and Afghanistan all remain in contention for a spot in the showpiece in England and Wales.
Brendan Taylor top-scored for Zimbabwe with 138 which included 20 boundaries and two sixes.
Brief scores:
Zimbabwe 289 all out in 50 overs (B. Taylor 138; J. Holder 4-35) v West Indies 290-6 in 49 overs (M. Samuels 86, S. Hope 76, E. Lewis 64)
Plexure Group shares jumped 26 per cent as the mobile voucher firm started generating positive cash flow after slashing costs and building sales momentum.
The Auckland-based firm held cash of $4.1 million as at March 31, after generating a cash inflow from its operations of $2.6m in the year through March, compared to an outflow of $4.7m a year earlier. That means it can fund its own operation without having to go back to shareholders.
Plexure narrowed its loss to $1.6m from $6.5m a year earlier, having boosted income 62 per cent to $11.8m and trimming 13 per cent from its operating costs to $11.9m.
The shares climbed 4.9 cents to 24 cents.
Advertisement
"The board is extremely pleased with the progress the company has made in the last 12 months," Plexure said in a statement.
"The financial results, cash position and substantial reduction in loss are clear evidence that our strategic direction is positioning Plexure for sustainable growth and profitability."
The mobile voucher firm, formerly VMob, was tracking ahead of expectations when reporting its first-half result in November, due largely to cost cutting by laying off staff.
Separately, former chief executive and its biggest shareholder Scott Bradley resigned from the board, effective immediately.
By Dapo Akinrefon
LAGOS—THE Progressives Congress, APC, Ward C, in Mushin local government area has urged the leadership of the party to suspend the party's National Legal Adviser, Dr Muiz Banire, for 10 years following allegations against him by party members.
Banire, however, shunned an invitation to appear before a disciplinary committee set up by APC Mushin Ward C, as efforts to get across to him proved abortive as calls put across to his telephone could not go through.
Scores of party members from Mushin APC Ward C converged the venue of the committee sitting in the area as early as 9 am with the hope that Banire would appear and defend himself.The Committee had summoned Banire to appear before its sitting by 10am, yesterday at Bishop Aggey Memorial School, Ilasamaja, Mushin to defend allegations contained in a petition written against him by two members of the party in the area, Messrs Olukayode Tunde Tolu and Ayodeji Adebayo. Addressing the gathering, secretary of the committee, Alhaji Laide Badru said Banire was duly served the invitation to appear and that the committee got proof that the invitation was received.
Badru said: “We sent the invitation to him by courier and we got a receipt, which is proof that he got our invitation. Also we published the invitation in major newspapers as well as other prominent platforms. So we are sure he was aware.”
Also speaking, a former member of the House of Representatives and counsel to the committee, Dr Wunmi Bewaji assured that the committee would be fair even in Banire's absence. Bewaji said: “We will be fair even though we cannot force anybody to appear before the committee. We will be fair.”
In his remarks, one of the two members who had petitioned Banire, Mr Olukayode Tolu,, said though he co-authored the petitions that led to the setting up of the committee, all members of the ward supported his action.
Tolu noted that the party's National Legal Adviser had abandoned his ward and had not paid any dues for the past two years, adding that “the ward is the most important component of the structure of any party. Yes, you can be at the National level, but the ward is the most important.
“Banire has not attended any meeting at the ward for the past two years and he has not paid any dues. Also, his activities shortly before the last council election in the state, smacked of anti-party. He took the party to court over alleged imposition of chairmanship candidate in Mushin,” one of the petitioner said.
In addition, he said; “He (Banire) even insulted the leadership of the party in the state and was behaving as if he was bigger than the party. And how can you claim to be a member of the party and you did not vote in the last council election in your ward? Banire cannot claim to be above the rest of us and that is why I pray this committee to uphold the discipline that is the trademark of the party. On behalf of all APC members in Mushin Ward C, I prayed the committee to suspend him from the party for 10 years and that he should never be allowed to hold any position in the party again.”
In the petition, the petitioners urged that Banire be suspended from the party and barred from holding any party office as well as contesting office on the platform of the party for a period of ten years.
They alleged that aside the fact that Banire had been continuously absent from ward meetings for more than two years contrary to Article 9 (2) (iii) of the party's Constitution, he has also engaged in unrestrained media campaigns against the party, its organs, leaders and functionaries, a development calculated to embarrass the party and bring it into disrepute contrary to Article 9 (2) (I) of the Constitution.
Welcome to 1 NEWS NOW's live coverage of the second day of the Hamilton Sevens from Waikato Stadium.
3:01pm
France have edged a spirited Spain outfit 19-14 and will face Wales for 13th place at 6pm.
2:38pm
A comprehensive victory for Wales as they ran in two more tries in the second spell, they defeat Russia 33-7. They will face either Spain or France next.
2:28pm
Wales lead Russia 19-0 at halftime in their 13th place semi-final fixture.
2:03pm
South Africa book their semi-final spot, beating Scotland 22-0. They'll now face Australia this evening for a place in tonight's final.
1:42pm
Australia have comfortably beaten Kenya 33-12, they'll face the winner of South Africa v Scotland in the semi-final later today.
1:24pm
Kenya will face Australia in the third quarter-final.
1:21pm - FULLTIME: NZ 19 England 12
The siren goes, England have one last play to try and win. They tap and go and get the ball out wide, Mikkelsen bundles the ball carrier out of play and that's the game! NZ will face Fiji in the semi-final!
1:19pm - 16 mins: NZ 19 England 12
Koroi breaks through before finding the pass inside to Scott Curry! The captain races away and scores what could be the winning try!
Koroi converts and NZ are ahead by seven!
1:18pm - 15 mins: NZ 12 England 12
Mikkelson wins a penalty and New Zealand look to attack quickly. Koroi fires a pass to Ware, who can't hold on!
England with the ball again, NZ give away another penalty and England try the quick tap now. England tries a kick through! The chaser is tackled and plays the ball on the ground to recieve a yellow card! It's Phil Burgess and England will finish the game with six!
1:14pm - 9 mins: NZ 12 England 12
England to kick off after halftime. Ravuovou loses the ball straight away and England are on the attack! McConnochie scores again! England are level after the break.
1:09pm - HALFTIME: NZ 12 England 7
NZ give away another penalty, a high tackle on Bibby has England in possession in front of halfway. England moving the ball from one side of the field to the other, but NZ's defence is resolute to far.
Ravuovou gives away a penalty but England lose the ball and New Zealand counter!
Koroi races away for a brilliant try as the siren goes, he converts his own try to give NZ a five-point halftime lead.
1:06pm - 4 mins: NZ 5 England 7
New Zealand with a chance to attack now. Ravouvou makes a good run and England are stretched! Dixon has a go but Burgess is offside for England and gives away a penalty.
New Zealand on the line and Tim Mikkelson scores! His 200th career try! The kick isn't successful though, NZ trail by two.
1:03pm - 2 mins: NZ 0 England 7
Koroi kicks off and New Zealand give away a penalty from the kick off. England look to run the ball upfield, before moving out the ball out wide. Scott Curry makes a try-saving tackle, but England recycle quickly and McConnochie scores! Mitchell lands the conversion too.
1:02pm
New Zealand and England out on the field now, their quarter final just moments away.
1:00pm - Fiji 12 Samoa 10
Samoa get things rolling in the second half! Tom Iosefo shows some serious pace to run away and score. Samoa hit the front.
Fiji needs to go 90m in 30 seconds to win. Samoa turns the ball over and can just run the clock down, but Fiji have won possession back!
Nasoko runs the length of the field to break Samoan hearts! They'll face the winner of NZ v England in the semi-final.
12:47pm
After an incredibly tight first half, Fiji holds a slim two-point lead over their Pacific rivals. Mocenacagi opened the scoring for Fiji, before Gordon Langkilde grabbed one back for Samoa before the break.
12:32pm
We're all set and ready for the cup quarter-finals. Fiji will be up against Samoa to get things rolling. Huge support in the stands, for both sides.
Earlier results from today:
Wales 14-19 Canada
Argentina 21-12 Russia
USA 29-12 Spain
Papua New Guinea 35-0 France
PRE MATCH
After an unbeaten first day, New Zealand will be looking to go all the way as they host the Hamilton Sevens for the first time.
An opening 52-7 walloping of France was followed up with an impressive 24-5 victory against Scotland.
However, the hosts were tested in their final pool match with Argentina, coming away winners 17-12, having trailed at half time.
Those results have set up a quarter-final showdown with England, who themselves finished second in Pool B behind South Africa.
Quarter finals:
Fiji vs Samoa - 12:36pm
New Zealand vs England - 12:58pm
Kenya vs Australia - 1:20pm
South Africa v Scotland - 1:42pm
The memo is a critique of the FBI's application for surveillance amidst the Russia Probe.
A top House Democrat is challenging the core conclusion of the memo released by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes on Friday, calling the allegation that the Justice Department and FBI withheld key details as they sought a secret surveillance warrant on former Trump adviser Carter Page “deliberately misleading and deeply wrong on the law.”
NBC News has exclusively obtained a six-page rebuttal to the Nunes memo from Rep. Jerry Nadler, D-N.Y., the top Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee, which was to be circulated to all House Democrats on Saturday.
Given his senior position, Nadler is one of the small number of lawmakers who has viewed the highly-sensitive documents that are the basis of Nunes' memo.
Nadler's legal analysis represents Democrats' most detailed public response to the Nunes memo, released Friday after President Trump agreed to its declassification over the objections of his own FBI Director.
Trump Says He's Declassified GOP Memo on Russia Probe
The Federal Government has committed $10,000 to fighting alcohol and drug misuse in Bundaberg.
The Federal Government has committed $10,000 to fighting alcohol and drug misuse in Bundaberg. kaarsten
IN A bid to tackle Bundaberg's ice scourge, the Federal Government has committed $10,000 to fight the problem head-on.
Together with the Alcohol and Drug Foundation, they have announced a Local Drug Action Team for the region to help prevent harms from alcohol and other drugs, including ice.
The partnership is one of 40 selected in the second round of the LDAT program, bringing the total number of LDATs across Australia to 80.
The T@Y - Thursdays @ the Y Local Drug Action Team Program will receive an initial $10,000 from the government and will be supported by the ADF to develop and deliver community-led action plans. Importantly, the project will centre on preventing drug use, and will be tailored to the particular needs of the local area.
The LDAT program is part of the government's $298m investment over four years under the National Ice Action Strategy to help local communities prevent drug misuse. By 2020, there will be up to 220 LDATs across the nation, with a particular focus on remote, regional and at-risk communities.
Queensland state manager for ADF, Nicole Little says the T@Y - Thursdays @ the Y Local Drug Action Team Program will play a key role in preventing harms from alcohol and other drugs in their area.
"Through partnerships, LDATs plan and deliver on-the-ground prevention projects tailored to the needs of local communities,” she said.
"Developing and delivering local solutions is vital in addressing harms from alcohol and other drugs, including crystal methamphetamine.”
The program builds the capacity of communities and encourages local groups to look at opportunities within their region and start building or extend partnerships to better tackle alcohol and other drug issues facing their local areas.
The third round of LDAT applications will open in late 2017, with more opportunities to be part of the program in 2018 and 2019.
For more information about the LDAT program visit www.adf.org.au/ldat or call the ADF's Media and Stakeholder Manager Carmel Green on 0430 948 380.
The Chichester Singers offer a programme of Handel, Parry and Duruflé when they perform in Chichester Cathedral on Saturday, March 24 at 7.30pm.
Musical director Jonathan Willcocks said: “The programme combines celebratory baroque music (Handel – Coronation Anthems) with the beautifully-evocative mid-20th century Duruflé – Requiem.
“And we also have an interesting lesser-known piece Hear My Words, Ye People by Parry, to mark the centenary of this fine composer's death in 1918.
“Parry is today best known for the great hymn Jerusalem, which has virtually become a second National Anthem, and the dramatic anthem I Was Glad which features prominently in most great royal church and cathedral ceremonies.
“But in late Victorian England he was one of the most prominent musicians (director of the Royal College of Music and professor of music at Oxford University) as well as its leading composer in the generation before Edward Elgar.
“Hear My Words, Ye People has Southern links, as it was written for a festival held in Salisbury Cathedral in 1894.
“A further strong local connection is the fact that the original organ accompaniment was orchestrated in 1978 by Richard Barnes, who is currently accompanist to the Chichester Singers, and in this version first performed in St. Paul's Cathedral for the 300th anniversary of the granting of the Royal Charter.
“We have two excellent professional soloists (Stephanie Wake-Edwards – mezzo-soprano and Hugo Herman-Wilson – baritone) and the orchestra for this concert will, as usual, be Southern Pro Musica.”
The full programme is Handel – Zadok the Priest; Handel – The King shall Rejoice; Parry – Hear my Words, ye People; and Duruflé – Requiem.
Tickets are available from the box office:http:// https://chichestersingers.co.uk/buy-tickets.
More from Phil on https://www.chichester.co.uk/author/Phil.Hewitt2
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. (AP) " Hillary Clinton, Michelle Obama and Sen. Kamala Harris made surprise appearances at Women in Film's awards ceremony with special videos, while veteran newsman Dan Rather called the group's work toward gender parity in entertainment an example of "basic American decency, tolerance and generosity."
Comedian Jessica Williams hosted the unexpectedly patriotic Crystal + Lucy Awards Tuesday at the Beverly Hilton Hotel, where F-bombs flew freely and "Wonder Woman" earned applause anytime it was mentioned.
Clinton said she hadn't seen "Wonder Woman" yet, but planned to: "Something tells me that a movie about a strong powerful woman fighting to save the world from a massive international disaster is right up my alley," she said before introducing Crystal Award-winner Elizabeth Banks.
Lucy Award winner Tracee Ellis Ross was misty-eyed as she watched Obama describe her as brilliant and hilarious.
Advertisement
"Your character on 'Black-ish,' Bow, is an inspiration for folks all across this country," the former first lady said.
"Oh my goodness gracious," Ross said.
In accepting the award named for Lucille Ball, Ross said that "to be a part of reshaping what it is to be a modern woman through the face and being-ness of a joyful black woman is really special."
But she said she wonders why such representations are so few.
"Why are black women underrepresented in the stories that get told?" Ross asked, adding: "That question is not just a question for black women."
Robert Redford, who played Dan Rather in the 2015 film "Truth," presented the reporter with a humanitarian award.
Rather praised Women in Film for supporting equality, inclusion and fairness.
"In standing tall about these characteristic American values, you do our country " not just the film industry, but our country " great service far beyond what you may imagine," he said. "It is of tremendous value to our nation as a whole."
Oscar-winner Lupita Nyong'o introduced filmmaker Mira Nair, who received the Dorothy Arzner Director's Award. Producers Michael Barker and Tom Bernard received the inaugural Beacon Award: The co-founders of Sony Pictures Classics have released more than 60 films directed by women.
Actress Zoey Deutch received the Max Mara Face of the Future Award, which Banks received eight years ago.
"You get eight years before you get the Old Lady in the Business award, so good luck," Banks quipped.
She said movies and TV shows by and about women are important because media images shape popular perspectives.
"We are creating culture," she told the industry-heavy crowd. "We are sending messages out into the world, and those messages matter. Presenting strong independent women who have agency in TV and film, is really important " not just in this room, not just in our culture, but in global culture."
The annual Crystal + Lucy Awards raise funds for Women in Film's research and education programs.
Besides awards, the gala offered a look at some Women in Film's new initiatives, including the "Flip the Script" series of short videos premiering on YouTube Wednesday.
___
Follow AP Entertainment Writer Sandy Cohen at www.twitter.com/APSandy.
Drake is on track to continue basking in his UK chart success.
Canadian pop star Drake could join the annals of UK singles chart history if he manages to dominate the top position for the ninth week in a row this Friday.
The 31-year-old has claimed the top spot with his single God's Plan for eight consecutive weeks so far and looks set to deny British four-piece Rudimental the top position again this week, according to the Official Charts Company.
Rudimental's single These Days has spent a number of weeks in the top five of the UK singles chart, but has failed to end Drake's run in the top spot.
God's Plan will be one of only 21 songs to spend nine weeks or more in the top position of the UK singles official chart, additionally marking it as a memorable event in the 67-year history of the charts, the Official Charts Company said.
Drake performing at the Wireless Festival in Finsbury Park, central London (Ian West/PA)
This week's album chart looks set to once again be owned by The Greatest Showman soundtrack.
Last week the soundtrack to the hit Hollywood musical became the second album in 30 years to spend 10 consecutive weeks at the top of the UK album chart.
The movie's musical accompaniment would then be claiming its eleventh week in the top spot if it scores another victory on Friday.
Our new album #InYourOwnSweetTime is out NOW. If you haven't done so already you can buy the album at: https://t.co/N6iyRK9qFO Here's a quick message from Jon Fratelli… pic.twitter.com/5d0vvXcfMc — The Fratellis (@TheFratellis) March 16, 2018
Scottish rock band The Fratellis could also enjoy chart success this week as they look set to make their return to the album chart's Top 10 for the first time in 10 years with their new album In Your Own Sweet Time.
Controversial rapper XXXTentacion, whose real name is Jahseh Dwayne Onfroy, may also be a new entry to the top five this week with his second album titled ?.
Another American act, The Decemberists, are in line to clinch fifth position, their highest in the UK charts to date, with their album I'll Be Your Girl.
Someone else who could enjoy a long-anticipated return to the UK album charts is pop star Kim Wilde.
Wilde's new album, titled Here Come The Aliens, is currently in the ninth spot on the album charts, making it her first album in the UK Top 10 for some 30 years, the Official Charts Company said.
© Press Association 2018
The Rochester Police Department has received information that town residents are receiving calls from a company claiming to be “Legal Support Services.” This is a fictitious company being used as the front for a phone scam. The victims are being told by the company that they will be at the address within 48 hours serving papers with a uniformed officer and to put away any dogs on the property.
Victims are asked for personal information and or financial information. Do not provide any information to these calling parties. One of the phone numbers being used by this scam which may appear on caller ID is 866-353-1944. If you are contacted by these people, please report it to the police.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Johnny Russell has sent a heartfelt parting message to Derby County fans following his Pride Park exit.
Russell left the Rams on transfer deadline day to join Major League Soccer side Sporting Kansas City.
It ended the Scottish forward's four-and-a-half-year stay at Derby.
Russell was one of Derby's longest-serving players, having made 203 appearances since his £750,000 move from Dundee United in the summer of 2013. He has scored 34 goals in that time.
He made 25 appearances in all competitions this season, scoring five goals. His last game was the goalless draw at home to Bristol City.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
The 27-year-old's contract at Derby was due to expire in the summer and he turned down the offer of a new deal after expressing a desire to play in the United States.
He has signed a three-year MLS contract with Sporting KC and is due to link up with the squad later this month as they prepare for the new season, which starts in March.
Russell took to social media on Friday to post a message for Rams fans on Instagram.
"It was an honour to play for your club," he said. "You took me to your hearts from day one and for that you will always have a place in mine.
"This is one of the toughest decisions I have had to make in my career but I feel it's the best for me and my family.
"Thank you to everyone at the club for an incredible five years. I have met some amazing people and made some friendships that will last long after we are done.
"I hope this is the year the boys finally get what they fully deserve and get the club back to where it belongs. See you all soon."
WASHINGTON (AP) — With the 2018 primary season already underway, leaders of the Senate intelligence committee are launching an effort to protect U.S. elections from a repeat episode of foreign interference.
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr of North Carolina and Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the panel, will preview some of the committee's recommendations for improving the nation's election infrastructure at a news conference Tuesday. On Wednesday, the committee will hold a hearing examining attempted hacks on state elections systems in 2016 and the federal and state response to those efforts.
The committee has prepared a larger report on the issue, one of what could be several reports to come out of the committee's investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election. Burr and Warner have said this report is the most urgent because of the threat that it could happen again in 2018. It's unclear when the full report will be released, but it is expected to include recommendations for elections officials around the country and also proposals for legislation to help ward off the hacking.
Overall, experts say far too little has been done to shore up vulnerabilities in 10,000 U.S. voting jurisdictions that mostly run on obsolete and imperfectly secured technology. Russian agents targeted election systems in 21 states ahead of the 2016 general election, the Homeland Security Department has said, and separately launched a social media blitz aimed at inflaming social tensions and sowing confusion. Top U.S. intelligence officials have said they've seen indications Russian agents are preparing a new round of election subterfuge this year.
Advertisement
There's no evidence that any hack in the November 2016 election affected election results, but the attempts scared state election officials who sought answers about how their systems had been potentially compromised. DHS took nearly a year to inform the affected states of hacking attempts, blaming it in part on a lack of security clearances. Lawmakers in both parties have pressed the department on why it took so long.
Warner has said he thinks the process to prevent such hacking needs to be more robust, especially since President Donald Trump has not addressed the matter as an urgent problem.
"We've got bipartisan agreement we have to do something on this," Warner said earlier this year.
At the hearing Wednesday, former Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson and current Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen will both testify.
The Senate intelligence panel has put off making any assessments about whether Trump's 2016 campaign in any way coordinated with Russia. Though that is one part of the panel's investigation, Burr and Warner have decided to focus on less controversial issues where all members agree.
With its ever-improving infrastructure, wide variety of housing stock, broad stretches of sandy beach front and a relaxed pace of life, Co Wexford in the sunny southeast has plenty to offer those in search of a new home.
“The county council is investing in tourism, upgrading the quays in Wexford town, building new hotels to increase bed numbers, and planning an office park aimed at the financial sector to draw new big-name employers,” says Tony Larkin, deputy chief executive of Wexford County Council. BNY Mellon, Zurich, Danone and Done Deal all have headquarters in the county.
A new upgrade to the M11, which currently ends north of Gorey, will extend it south to about 11km from Wexford town. The Enniscorthy bypass, scheduled for completion early next year, is expected to shave 15-20 minutes off the journey time from Dublin, while an upgrade to sewage works in the town will ease capacity constraints. Flood-protection works and a refurbishment of the town centre are also planned, Larkin says.
The N25 New Ross bypass scheme will cut drive times to Cork and Limerick and the new River Barrow bridge crossing will, at 900m, be the longest bridge in Ireland, and connect Pink Point in Co Kilkenny and Strokestown in Co Wexford.
At the moment Co Wexford accounts for just five per cent of the available stock within the Republic on property portal MyHome.ie. According to the Property Price Register, 100 properties sold in the past 12 months with an average price of about €172,000. The cheapest sale listed was €10,000, while the most expensive property was sold in Courtown for €490,000.
The market is good and improving all the time, says Adrian Haythornthwaite of SherryFitzGerald Haythornthwaite. According to his data crunching from open market sales on the Property Price Register there's been a value rise of 11 per cent between 2015 and 2016, with a similar rise in the 12 months to 2017.
“There is terrific value for money here,” Colum Murphy of Kehoe & Associates says. Geographically those buying north of Gorey can reasonably commute to Dublin. In Wexford town, where Murphy's agency is based, househunters are moving to live here on a permanent basis.
“The business here is local,” says John Kearney of Kearney & Co, who says that while prices seem to be firming up there was still growth of about 10 per cent in the last year in Wexford town and its environs. A three-bed semi that last year sold for €165,000 is now asking between €180,000 and €200,000.
The cap on mortgages is putting a brake on prices and this means developers are not rushing to finish new phases of developments. Kearney notes that while there is planning permission coming on stream for new homes – 1,000 units are planned within the Gorey area for example – turn-key new properties are in short supply. The council is buying up new homes stock, the thinking being that it is quicker to buy than build, Kearney says.
Not all prices are on the rise though, and the market is sluggish at the upper end. Forest Lodge, in Barntown, is a property that first came to market in 2006 asking €825,000; it is now back on the market through Kearney & Co seeking €425,000. Borleagh Manor came to the market in 2014 seeking €4.75 million through agent Colliers and has since reduced its price to €3.4 million.
DETROIT (AP) — Dennis Edwards, a former member of the famed Motown group The Temptations, has died. He was 74.
Rosiland Triche Roberts, his longtime booking agent, says Edwards died Thursday in Chicago after a long illness.
The Birmingham, Alabama-born Edwards replaced founding member David Ruffin in 1968. His soulful, passionate voice defined the group for years. He was a member on and off for about two decades and part of the lineup that released “Papa Was A Rollin' Stone,” “Ball of Confusion (That's What The World Is Today)” and “Cloud Nine.”
Paul Riser, a Motown arranger and musician, worked with Edwards during the label's Detroit heyday and subsequent projects. He says Edwards possessed a “voice for the ages,” with a great range, energy and artistry.
Edwards would have turned 75 on Saturday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Josh Brolin went to an '80s-themed birthday party as his character from “The Goonies”!
If you remember the movie “The Goonies”, then you remember Josh Brolin playing the part of Brand Walsh. Well, for a recent '80s-themed birthday party, Josh returned to the role…
Click Here to see more.
BERLIN (AP) — The far-right Alternative for Germany party is calling for a parliamentary investigation into the government's handling of the migrant crisis in 2015.
The party, which came third in last year's national election, wants parliament to determine whether Chancellor Angela Merkel broke the law by refusing to shut Germany's borders to refugees.
Hundreds of thousands of people streamed into the country during the fall of 2015, most of them fleeing war in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan.
The influx eventually resulted in more than a million asylum requests in Germany, putting a strain on the country's resources and inflaming anti-migrant sentiment among sections of the population.
Advertisement
Alternative for Germany co-leader Alexander Gauland said Thursday he hoped the motion would get support from the pro-business Free Democrats and conservative sections of Merkel's bloc.
The children pile into the stadium in shiny clothes, clutching green-and-white Pakistani flags. Their parents light the area with cell phones to record the event as they scream, chant and cheer, watching soldiers close a gate that separates India from Pakistan.
In the evening ritual at the Wagah-Attari border, near Lahore and Amritsar, soldiers from both countries high-kick, shake their fists, then shake hands – and slam the gate shut.
It is deeply visceral for many Pakistanis: an acknowledgement of their border, of a plucky country they feel they have sacrificed so much to create.
Pakistan was imagined more than 70 years ago by a stern, British-educated, whiskey-drinking Shiite lawyer. Muhammad Ali Jinnah hoped for a nation as cosmopolitan as he was. He led the fight to carve the country out of British-ruled India. In a new, independent India, Muslims were fearful that they would be dominated by a Hindu majority.
But in the decades since, the sense of who is a citizen in the Muslim state hasn't been resolved. The question has come at a high price: Although Pakistan's constitution specifies the protection of minority rights, "the government limited freedom of religion," according to the State Department. The country's tiny minorities of Sikhs, Christians and Hindus are vulnerable to persecution. Certain laws, such as blasphemy laws, are often used to target them.
Within the Muslim community as well, the definition of who exactly is a Muslim has narrowed.
The seeds of Pakistan's intolerance were sown within the country's very ideology as a Muslim state, says Taimur Rehman, a political scientist at the Lahore University of Management Sciences.
That intolerance was "inherent in the very way in which Pakistan was created and the very purpose which it was supposed to serve of being a Muslim state," he says. "By its very definition, it has already singled out a community in opposition to another one," he says, referring to Muslims and Hindus. "And it's very easy for that community to be narrowed further."
Over the decades, he argues, the narrowing has been exacerbated by the military, Pakistan's most powerful institution, which cultivated hard-line Islamists to wage a jihad in the disputed region of Kashmir, among other things.
This has given right-wing religious groups outsize influence. "Despite never having won an election," Rehman says, "they are nonetheless able to dictate the narrative in the country because of the support that they have from the military establishment."
Perhaps none have suffered more than members of a small Muslim sect, known as Ahmadis, whose beliefs clash with the dominant Sunni version of Islam. They played a key role in founding Pakistan. They are a community of over-achievers: An Ahmadi physicist, Abdus Salam, received one of only two Nobel prizes awarded to Pakistanis.
But the state declared Ahmadis as heretics via a constitutional amendment in the 1970s and restricted their rights further in the 1980s. They're not allowed to call themselves Muslims, and can't refer to their houses of worship as mosques. Over the years, militants have attacked their mosques and targeted them in killings.
In a leafy suburb near Lahore, the Khans live in a two-story home behind a high gate that's firmly bolted. Mrs. Khan stands on the balcony every morning, waiting for her husband to return from prayers at their local mosque. She's terrified that somebody will kill him.
"We are frightened," she says. "For the life." (Her first name isn't being published out of concern for the family's safety.)
Most of her family already fled overseas.
So far, Mrs. Khan insists on staying. She runs a clinic that dispenses free medicine to her poorer neighbors. "If I go, the people will suffer," she says.
She doesn't want to "just sit and eat" in exile. "This is not the meaning of life."
She's also worried about her nephew. Twice, somebody threw a note into his house warning him to convert to Sunni Islam — or die. He hides out here when he's afraid.
He repeatedly tried to flee Pakistan – but he says the U.K., Sweden and Canada all rejected applications.
The roots of intolerance run deeper than just how Pakistan defines itself as a Muslim state, says Anam Zakariya, an oral historian in Islamabad.
She traces it back to Pakistan's birth story – at the time of Partition, in 1947, when millions of Hindus and Sikhs fled to India and Muslims to Pakistan. Mobs raped and butchered each other — around a million people died.
But Zakariya says those events are pushed aside. Pakistan focuses on celebrating its creation – and emphasizes how Muslims were victims.
"Now if it's your biggest victory to date," Zakariya says, "you have to make sure that the bloodshed is portrayed to the younger generations as perpetrated by Indians — Hindus and Sikhs."
It's to drive home the point: "And that's why there was a need to create Pakistan."
There are challenges emerging to that narrative. In a sprawling park in the heart of noisy, smoggy Lahore, a museum will soon open that will look at Partition through the stories of the people who witnessed it. It's a collaboration between the Citizens Archive of Pakistan, a nonprofit, and the government of Punjab, Pakistan's most populous province.
"This is the first place in the entire country where you'll experience what the refugees in 1947 experienced," says Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy, an Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker and head of the Citizens Archive.
Being exposed to stories from survivors of Partition will help create a more inclusive Pakistan, she believes, but it's a race against time – the people who lived through Partition are fading away.
And 70 years on, the very idea of what Pakistan is meant to be – an Islamic state, in opposition to Hindu-dominated India – feels hard to shake.
Near the museum construction site, the Abdul Aziz family huddles under a shelter as a sudden summer rain drenches the park. Their patriarch, Yousef, isn't sure of his age, but says he used to work in fields alongside Hindus – and so he predates Partition. When the Hindus left Pakistan, he said, Muslims became free.
"We are now in a country where we can say, 'There is no God but God and Muhammed is his messenger,'" he says, reciting the Muslim declaration of faith.
In Pakistan, he says, "There is no idolatry" – a reference to polytheist Hinduism.
His granddaughters Sania, 22, and Aya, 19, nod in agreement. He says he's proud of Pakistan, which he describes as a "fort of Islam" where it's safe for his grandchildren to grow up.
Sania says she's not interested in a museum. She's already heard her grandfather's stories of Partition, and she'll tell them one day to her own children.
Besides, she says, "I know history — the Islamic history of Pakistan."
Jasmine Ritter competes at the Aquis Champions Tour in the Gold Coast hinterland in April.
Jasmine Ritter competes at the Aquis Champions Tour in the Gold Coast hinterland in April.
IT'S been under consideration for years and now Livingstone Shire Council says it's time to seriously investigate moving the Yeppoon Showgrounds to Barmaryee.
Land off Milroy Drive and Stanley Avenue has been identified as a suitable site and with unanimous backing of councillors, state government funding will now be sought to evaluate the proposal.
The new showgrounds would have expanded capacity to run an agricultural show, but at the heart of the council's plan lies a facility capable of hosting national and international equestrian events.
Close proximity to the racecourse and pony club would facilitate a dedicated regional equestrian sports precinct, which deputy mayor, NIgel Hutton said would allow equestrian athletes to train on the Capricorn Coast and open up further sports tourism opportunities.
Mayor Bill Ludwig said discussion about relocating the showgrounds dated back to the early 2000s, but the research needed to be done.
"We can't find out if we don't do the homework," Cr Ludwig said.
"This funding would allow us to do the feasibility study...to evaluate and advance plans."
The current proposal affects only the showgrounds and it was envisaged that other users of Stevensen Park, including the markets, would not be impacted or move "unless they wanted to".
Cr Ludwig said the show society "was excited that this motion is coming to the table" and Keppel MP, Brittany Lauga had agreed to fully support the funding application.
His comments were yesterday endorsed by Yeppoon Show Society president, Ken Landsberg who said they had been pushing for the move and for an equestrian centre for some time.
"We've outgrown the area in town and parking is a terrible problem," he said.
"If we had more room we could have more events, and we could overflow to the pony club next door."
Mr Landsberg said in all the discussions he had been part of, he was not aware of any opposition to the idea.
Three major utility companies have for the year so far racked up almost 400 customer complaints and has had to refund a total of GYD$30 million to customers, according to the Public Utilities Commission (PUC).
PUC Complaints Manager, Destra Bourne said Guyana Telephone and Telegraph has has had to refund GYD$635,000; Guyana Power and Light more than GYD$30 million and Guyana Water Inc. GYD$522,000.
Major reasons for the reasons include continuous payment for phone service that has not been provided, over-billing for electricity consumption, and “billing issues” with Guyana Water Inc. Most of the complaints against GTT, officials said, were made by customers in Berbice.
The PUC plans to open an office on the Essequibo Coast.
Briefing the media on its work, the utility regulator reported that of the 505 complaints received this year against the 355 were against GTT; 124 against Guyana Power and Light; 23 against Guyana Water Inc, and 20 against Digicel
Bourne said 320 of the complaints against GTT were for technical issues that consumers had been already reported to the phone company and given a reasonable time to resolve. “What we have noted is happening is when persons reported their issue here to the PUC, their matters are resolved within a very short period,” she said.
She said of the 303 pending matters, consumers have informed the PUC that about 150 have been resolved. PUC Chairman, Attorney-at-Law, Dela Britton said the utility companies have all assured the commission that they would make every effort to reduce the number of pending reports. “When we met with the stakeholders, the utilities they have given us all assurances with respect to the matters that are still pending and that in the future that ‘we will try to resolve that in a speedy manner' so that the next time you meet with us we don't have large and daunting numbers to report on,” she said.
Of the 124 complaints against GPL, 46 were for allegations of tampering or meter bypass, 28 for application of service, 18 for technical issues, 11 for billing queries, 11 for disconnection of service, and five each for change of tenancy and request for compensation.
The PUC Chairman, meanwhile, said the regulator is not currently legally empowered to address poor land and mobile data services until the Telecommunications Act and regulations come into effect. She said the PUC is aware that Digicel to GTT text messaging has not been working for weeks but could do little unless the Commission receives a complaint.
This article was originally published by Niqash. Any opinions expressed are those of the author, and do not necessarily reflect the views of Iraq Business News.
Locals In Anbar Take Reconstruction And Security Into Their Own Hands
Sick of waiting for promised aid, locals in Anbar are doing their best to reconstruct their own lives – and even starting their own neighbourhood watch against extremists.
There is plenty to be concerned about when it comes to the reconstruction of Anbar province, an area that has suffered much destruction due to the security crisis caused by the extremist Islamic State group.
Whole towns still lie in ruins and rubble and, in some areas, not even the decomposing corpses of former IS fighters have been removed. There are checkpoints and armed men everywhere, explosives remain hidden underneath destroyed buildings, displaced families or families suspected of being involved with the IS group have fled and are living in the desert and there is always the ongoing threat that the extremists might return and launch further attacks. Locals are just waiting to see whether all the talk of reconstruction amounts to anything.
But at the same time, they have started trying to bring life back to the destroyed cities themselves. The fact that a reported 80 percent of local students have been able to return to school makes people here happy: Seeing them walking the streets on their way to class is a joy. The schools have reopened thanks to international and local aid projects.
Hakim Naji, a resident of the Shuhada area on the outskirts of Fallujah, has recently returned home to his job at a local school. Soon he will be supervising exams there and, he says, it's the first time he has been back to the institute for three years. He finds it very painful and says he is particularly shocked at the pupils' behaviour after several years of the security crisis.
“The coming days and months are going to be difficult,” he concedes. “People here, and educational institutions, will need to invest huge efforts to bring people back to the right path – especially the younger people, who are the future of our society.”
Anbar's people are not waiting for humanitarian aid or government donations – many of them are doing their best to bring life back to their hometowns. Watching returned families busy trying to renovate and rebuild their own properties is also reason for optimism.
People are trying to adapt, says Ammar al-Ulwani, a greengrocer from the Jamiyah neighbourhood in Ramadi; he himself has managed to fix his house up and even re-open his business selling vegetables. “We are trying to live a normal life. We are trying to overcome our difficulties – but life is far from normal yet. We must continue to face these challenges. Because you don't just stop living.”
One thing that local residents are concerned about when it comes to reconstruction is the discrimination between different neighbourhoods. If there is a government official, a tribal leader, or a member of one of the influential political parties living in a certain neighbourhood, that place always seems to be serviced first. The important people living in those areas advocate for what they see as their electorate, critics say.
According to some tribal leaders, tribal disputes and wrangling for more power or wealth in Anbar, don't help either. The city of Ramadi and towns of Heet and Baghdadi are particularly afflicted by this and the infighting is apparently contributing to further deterioration in services, lack of reconstruction and a potential security issue that could see the IS group gain control over the divided tribes.
Security and stability are really the main concern of most of Anbar's ordinary people though. They do not want to lose anything that has been gained at such a high price, to the extremists. In many ways, they are taking this problem into their own hands. Locals in the southern neighbourhoods of Ramadi said that everyone is more cautious these days and that people feel more of a sense of personal responsibility for their own security. They cooperate with security forces and notify them of anything that could be associated with terrorism, they said.
For example, Abdul Hamid al-Faraji, a resident of the Tamim neighbourhood in Ramadi, says he checks who enters and exits his neighbourhood daily. Other than that, he notes, he's living an ordinary life.
“Most people here have an increased sense of the need to maintain security in order to prevent the city from falling into the hands of strangers again,” al-Faraji said, adding that the local security forces know he keeps an eye on the streets and are happy for him to do this. “We also believe that some in the security forces may still be affiliated with the terrorists. Now we are doing what we think is best for us,” he concludes.
He says he is unpredictable!! What do you think about #ZubairKhan? #BiggBoss11
A post shared by Endemol Shine India (@endemolshineind) on Oct 6, 2017 at 5:52am PDT
A post shared by Endemol Shine India (@endemolshineind) on
: The contestants of Colors TV show Bigg Boss 11 are leaving no stone unturned to give drama to the viewers. But it seems like that makers and Channel authorities didn't do a proper research on the commoner contestant.Actually, Bigg Boss 11 contestant Zubair Khan, who offended many housemates with his rough language at the start, may get thrown out of the house. The reason is that Zubair claimed that he is son-in-law of Haseena Parkar, Dawood Ibrahim's sister. But it turns out that he is a fraud.A member of Dawood Ibrahim's group and co-producer of film ‘Haseena Parker' Sameer Antulay said that Zubair is doing all this for publicity. In a given statement to Mid-day, Sameer said “Zubair Khan is a fraud. He has no connections with our family. He is misusing the Dawood title for publicity. We will be approaching the cops to register an FIR against him.”Sameer also revealed that late Haseena Parkar has two daughters, Qudsia and Humeira and Zubair is claiming to be married to Qudsia. But in reality, she is married to a businessman named Zaheer Shaikh.He further said, “These rumours need to end as my sisters are facing a lot of problems.”This is quite much and also a failure on the team of Colors TV.It is to be seen now whether Zubair is kicked out of the house for faking identity or makers will retain him. Also he is nominated this week, so do you think he will get evicted?Stay tuned for all Bigg Boss 11 and TV news.
“Where I live, it's a crisis. I personally, as a stay-at-home mom, couldn't contribute financially and I felt like I had to help.”
A Muslim woman just completed her seventh marathon. But, what makes it different from the past marathons she has taken part in, is that this time she ran the Boston Marathon to raise money for Syrian refugees.
Rahaf Khatib, 33, who lives in Michigan, is a daughter of Syrian refugees. She was born in Damascus, Syria, and later came to the United States with her family. She is also the first woman wearing a hijab to be featured on Women's Running magazine.
According to unofficial results from the 2017 Boston Marathon website, Khatib completed the race in about 5 hours and 13 minutes. She was able to raise $16,000 through the race. She plans to donate the money to Syrian American Rescue Network which is a Michigan-based nonprofit that helps refugees adjust to life in America.
Khatib said she felt the urge to walk for refugees as there was a "deep need" for aid within her community. So, she decided to help them by running for them.
“Where I live, it's a crisis. I personally, as a stay-at-home mom, couldn't contribute financially and I felt like I had to help. This is giving back to both humanity and giving back to the running community,” she said.
She further added, “They need support. They are our guests in our country, and we need to be good to our guests. And how can I not help? They're in my backyard.”
The athlete started running five years ago and has been part of Berlin and Chicago marathons.
Previously, Khatib started her blog where she inspires Muslim women to get active.
"I never really imagined myself as a figure on social media. I'm just an average Joe runner who's trying to make a point and break stereotypes. Everyone I followed on social media was a white runner; running is a very predominantly white sport. You don't see many hijabi runners out there," she said.
She further added that when she started her blog, her main focus was to provide answers that she couldn't find online about running as a Muslim woman. Simple questions that arose were: How do you cover up and run in the summer months? What kind of training schedule do you follow when you're fasting during Ramadan?
Thank you Rahaf Khatib. She's running the Boston Marathon to raise money for Syrian refugees. #humanity #Syria https://t.co/4XmatTq2kp — Humanity Strong ™ (@HumanityStrong) April 16, 2017
By Scott T. Sterling
Christmas is coming early for Paul McCartney fans.
Related: Billy Joel Joins Paul McCartney Onstage
On Nov. 17, the Beatles legend is set to release eight new titles from the Paul McCartney Archive Collection: McCartney, McCartney II, Tug Of War, Pipes Of Peace, Paul and Linda McCartney: Ram, Paul McCartney and Wings: Band On The Run, Wings: Venus And Mars, At The Speed Of Sound.
Each release will come in single CD digi-pak and 180-gram black vinyl single LP formats—as well as limited edition 180-gram color vinyl pressings. All vinyl LPs in the Archive Collection will feature a download card and fully restored artwork.
Every release in the ongoing Paul McCartney Archive Collection is supervised by McCartney himself, who oversees all aspects of each title from remastering to the curation of lost tracks, outtakes, artwork, photographs and video from his personal vaults.
The titles and corresponding limited edition vinyl colors are as follows:
Paul McCartney: McCartney – RED
Paul McCartney: McCartney II – CLEAR
Paul McCartney: Tug Of War – BLUE
Paul McCartney: Pipes Of Peace – SILVER
Paul and Linda McCartney: Ram – YELLOW
Paul McCartney and Wings: Band On The Run – WHITE
Wings: Venus And Mars – RED & YELLOW
Wings: At The Speed Of Sound – ORANGE
Image caption Refuse collectors are being trained in how to spot signs of child sexual exploitation in Telford
Bin workers in Telford are being trained to watch out for and report signs of child sexual exploitation.
It comes after a Sunday Mirror article claimed about 1,000 children could have been abused in the town over 40 years.
Police said refuse collectors are getting the training because they may spot people in need during their early-morning rounds.
Taxi drivers, pubs workers and hotels staff have already been given advice in how to spot the signs of grooming.
Telford & Wrekin Council agreed to launch an independent inquiry, after the claims the town has endured a persistent problem with abuse, and set aside £350,000 to pay for it.
As well as child sexual exploitation, refuse collectors will also be trained to spot and report modern day slavery and drug use.
Sgt Ram Aston, from West Mercia Police, which is running the training with the council, said: "They might see a young person that is walking through an estate on their own that might just prick their conscience and think: 'I see that person every morning, why are they not in bed? Why are they out so early? They've not got a paper round bag.'"
Image caption Sgt Ram Aston said bin workers could spot people who need help while out on their early-morning rounds
Tim Walters, from Veolia, which run's Telford's refuse collections, said: "It is a question of getting the right message across for the bin men so they can help the communities they serve."
One survivor, who was abused in the 1980s, told the BBC she thinks the training is a good thing, as long as police act quickly on information they receive.
Supt Tom Harding, from West Mercia Police, offered his "utmost assurance" that all reports of abuse are taken "incredibly seriously".
This Original Geordie Shore Cast Member Is Set To Return For The New Series
We can't wait for their return.
Geordie Shore hasn't quite been the same since most of the original cast slowly departed, but it looks like another original is coming back for the next series – James Tindale has apparently signed up to rejoin the cast!
Geordie Shore's Charlotte Crosby Surgery Timeline: Before And After Pictures Revealed
It comes after news that Scotty T will be returning as ‘house boss' in charge of getting the cast mortal every day, but James will also be joining the house once again.
James left in 2014 after joining the show as part of the original cast back in 2011 and he's since made a couple of cameos for special episodes of the show without being in the main cast.
A source told the tabloids, “James is already filming with the cast in Newcastle – he was on a night out with them and then they went to a kebab shop.
“Everyone was mortal, just like the old days – he was having a catch up with Sophie [Kasaei] and getting friendly with Abbie [Holborn].
“He's single again and bosses think he's exactly what the show needs right now.”
His return comes after news that Scotty T would also be coming back as a house boss, with sources claiming, “Anna, who we know is in charge of the house, has brought Scotty in to work as a boss alongside her.
“He impressed bosses on Just Tattoo Of Us and they think he deserves a second chance. Scotty will be in charge of the Geordies' activities and will be setting the challenges they do. He's telling everyone he's going out to make them all mortal and make the show crazy like it used to be.”
We're already hyped for the next series!
Download Our Fabulous New App For All The Latest Geordie Shore News
COLOMBO, Sri Lanka (AP) — An envoy says Maldives will not extend the state of emergency that is due to expire on Thursday amid criticism of the government over the recent political turmoil.
Mohamed Hussain Shareef, ambassador to neighboring Sri Lanka, said the government "has no intention of extending" the emergency when its 30-day period expires, "barring very unusual circumstances such as widespread violence."
Maldives declared an emergency due to turmoil following a Supreme Court ruling ordering the release of several of the president's jailed political opponents. Under the emergency law, President Yameen Abdul Gayoom had two Supreme Court judges arrested for alleged corruption and the remaining three judges annulled the order to release Yameen's opponents.
The emergency regulations gave Maldives' security forces sweeping powers, including to make arrests and search and seize property.
Advertisement
___
This story has been corrected to show emergency is set to expire Thursday, not Wednesday.
Students and teachers raised more than $500,000 during annual giving day event.
Cheerleaders2small
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Tca
• NTXGivingDay
• Charity Industry:
• Education Location:
• Addison - Texas - US
Contact
Elizabeth LaMonte
***@pharrpr.com Elizabeth LaMonte
End
-- Trinity Christian Academy (http://www.trinitychristian.org/page) (TCA) in Addison, raised more than $500,000 during the ninth annual North Texas Giving Day (https://northtexasgivingday.org/), the largest community-wide giving event in the country, which helps build awareness and support for nonprofits in the North Texas region.Every donor that participated helped TCA receive "bonus funds" for the organization, and the first $47,000 TCA received was matched dollar-for-dollar by alumni, donors and friends. TCA received 989 gifts, more than any other school on North Texas Giving Day. The school was awarded $5,000 for this achievement. Of the more than 2,700 organizations that participated in North Texas Giving Day, TCA was ranked eighth in number of gifts and ninth in total dollars received."We're always impressed by the support we receive from our community each year," said TCA Headmaster Dave Delph. "Donation amounts have increased each year since we began participating in North Texas Giving Day in 2013. Since then, we have raised a total of $1,980,269. On behalf of our faculty, staff and students, I want to say thank you to everyone who donated this year."North Texas Giving Day once again exceeded its prior record and raised $39 million in 18 hours due to the generosity of TCA's donors as wcj well as other contributors who donated funds to various nonprofits. Donations poured in from people in all 50 states and 36 countries, and have positively impacted nonprofits in North Texas, including $370,000 in contributions granted to hurricane relief funds.Trinity Christian Academy (TCA) is an independent coeducational school, which offers families and their children a demanding, college preparatory curriculum within a Christian community. For more than 45 years, TCA has followed the goals of the founding board members of being a debt-free facility. TCA strives to honor God in the way it uses the funds that continue to be given to the school. To learn more, visit www.trinitychristian.org
3-2 vote may be appealed to Oneida County Board of Adjustment
BY KEVIN BONESKE
REPORTER/PHOTOGRAPHER
On a 3-2 vote Wednesday morning, the Oneida County Planning and Development Committee denied a conditional use permit for the Marshfield Clinic to build a 72,000-square-foot hospital addition to its current clinic in Minocqua.
Committee members Scott Holewinski, Jack Sorensen and Mike Timmons voted to deny the permit with Dave Hintz and Billy Fried opposing that motion, for which the majority's basis for the denial had to do with the permit application not meeting a standard for approval that states, “The establishment, maintenance or operation of the conditional use will not be detrimental to or endanger the public health, safety, morals, comfort or general welfare.”
Oneida County Planning and Development Committee member Billy Fried speaks at Wednesday's meeting in favor of granting the Marshfield Clinic a conditional use permit to build a hospital addition to its current clinic in Minocqua.
Holewinski, who chairs the committee and had sought additional information about the permit application, said that standard was the only one of the nine required in the county code for approval that he found couldn't be met.
“Because of the level of service that we have right now, I don't believe we're going to have the level of emergency care that we have right now (if the permit would be approved),” Holewinski said. “I believe we'll have real competition in the profitable surgeries, but we won't – and everything that's unprofitable will go away – we'll have to travel long distances for that health care.”
The Marshfield Clinic applied in January for a conditional use permit to build a hospital that would have a surgery center, 12 in-patient beds, emergency room, imaging and lab. The proposed single-story addition, which has an estimated price tag from $30-35 million, would be built to the southwest of the existing clinic and designed for potential future expansion, vertically and horizontally, according to the permit application.
If approved, the project would place another hospital in the Minocqua-Woodruff area in close proximity to the existing Howard Young Medical Center that is part of Ministry Health Care and owned by Ascension. Representatives of HYMC expressed objections to the Marshfield Clinic's proposal. HYMC also has its own multi-million-dollar renovation and construction project in the works.
Marshfield Clinic's hospital addition proposal previously received the backing of both the Minocqua Plan Commission and the Town Board after both bodies heard from supporters and opponents before the permit application was forwarded to the county's Planning and Development Committee, which held its own public hearing April 27 and also conducted an on-site inspection of the property May 10.
Marshfield Clinic regional medical director Bill Melms said he was disappointed with the committee's decision.
“We feel that the three committee members that voted against us were led down a path by Ascension officials that they sort of fell into the smoke and mirrors that were presented,” Melms said. “They were confused between what competition is and what the general welfare standards were.”
Hintz, who urged the committee to base its decision on appropriate land use for the property, said it would be a “significant mistake” not to allow the Marshfield Clinic to expand in Minocqua.
“We're refusing to let a legitimate company expand,” he said.
Holewinski said in response to a question from Hintz that HYMC could lose its profitable business to the Marshfield Clinic and no longer be able to afford its unprofitable services, while the 60-75 new jobs the Marshfield Clinic claims it would be adding with a hospital addition in Minocqua could negatively affect employment levels at HYMC.
When Hintz then asked if Holewinksi would feel the same way if the permit was for a new paper mill, which could hire employees away from an existing paper mill, Holewinski noted the committee was dealing with a permit for health care services and not a paper mill.
“We're not dealing with a paper mill, we're not dealing with McDonald's, we're not dealing with Kwik Trip,” added Sorensen. “I put medical services way above everything else…. If everybody wants a hospital down the street, all that's going to do is continually cost more and more and more and more to all of us.”
Timmons said he didn't believe the year-round population in the Minocqua-Woodruff area could sustain two hospitals.
“There's not going to be quality staff anywhere if we keep spreading out so thin,” Timmons said.
HYMC president Sandy Anderson said the Marshfield Clinic's proposal for a hospital addition in Minocqua would result in a duplication of services and also negatively affect HYMC's staffing.
“People (at HYMC) would gravitate to those jobs (at the Marshfield Clinic), because their hours, they wouldn't have as many hours at Howard Young to work,” Anderson said. “So it's not 75 new jobs (at the Marshfield Clinic). There's a lot more at risk when you look at starting to filter off services from one hospital to another.”
Fried, who also supported the Marshfield Clinic's permit application as a member of the Minocqua Town Board, said the community would be served best by “giving those that want to try different models the opportunity.”
“Howard Young hopefully has sustainability,” Fried said. “It's been mentioned that they would move forward no matter what happens here today.”
The committee's denial may be appealed to the county's Board of Adjustment. Melms said a decision by the Marshfield Clinic on how to proceed following the committee's vote would be made sometime in the next 30 days prior to the deadline to file an appeal.
“We would like to build our hospital in Minocqua attached to our clinic – that's best for our staff, best for our patients – but we will look at other options as well,” said Melms, who didn't comment when asked whether the Marshfield Clinic might consider building a hospital nearby in Arbor Vitae in Vilas County.
Best Snowy Destinations For A Cozy Cottage GetawayFrom the moderately priced to over the top, here are five of the best snowy destinations to stay this year for a cozy cottage getaway
MSP Airport Flight Operations Return To Normal Operations are back to normal at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport after gusty winds on Monday disrupted flight schedules.
Saving Space: How To Pack Your Bulky Winter ClothingFive suggestions on how to avoid baggage fees by packing all of your winter clothing in a single carry on and personal item
5 Best U.S. Cities To Ring In 2017Five of the best American cities to celebrate when the clock strikes twelve.
Chicago's Newest Holistic Wellness Program Provides Education, Coaching, and Counseling for Men in Urban Communities.
Contact
LaQuita Washington
***@studiotwentyfivechi.com LaQuita Washington
End
-- Kingdom Health Concepts, a cutting-edge, holistic wellness program for men, is proud to announce its official business launch on February 25,2017 at Hubbard Street Lofts.Kingdom Health Concepts offers training and support to promote healthy lifestyles for men through a 'holistic approach.' This program provides ongoing support through education, coaching, and counseling, creating a ripple effect that will enhance the wellness and future of men throughout the Chicago area.Men who sign up for the program will experience a personalized 180 Day Turnaround Program, designed to radically improve health and increase happiness. Throughout the duration of the program men will:· Set and accomplish goals· Understand and reduce cravings· Explore new foods· Increase energy and stamina· Improve internal relationships"We are very excited to launch Chicago's newest approach to enriching lives of men. Because there are so many wellness programs for women, we plan to fill a void in this market and further our success and expand this concept nationwide,"said Dearal Jordan founder and CEO of Kingdom Health Concepts.Kingdom Health Concepts business launch event will be held at Hubbard Street Lofts (1821 W. Hubbard Street Chicago, IL) on February 25, from 2pm-5pm. Participants can purchase tickets at https://www.eventbrite.com/ e/kingdom-health- concepts-busi... For more information, visit www.kingdomhealthconcepts.com.
The Nigerian Army says it has recovered one AK47 assault rifle and uniforms belonging to DSP Mohammed Alkali and his police orderly allegedly beheaded by cultists.
The policemen were killed by suspected cultist at Omoku, Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni Local Government Area of Rivers during the Dec. 10 re-run legislative elections.
Maj.-Gen. Kasimu Abdulkarim, the General Officer Commanding (GOC), 6 Division, Port Harcourt, disclosed this to newsmen in Port Harcourt on Sunday.
Abdulkarim said that troops from the Division recovered the items during a raid on four militant camps and cultist's hideouts in Ujju community near Omoku.
According to him, troops also recovered assorted types of arms and ammunitions stashed away by bandits in the area.
“Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni Local Government Area has over time witnessed criminal acts ranging from attacks on critical national infrastructure and brutal murder which affected economic activities of oil companies and citizens.
“The barbaric nature and manner of criminalities led the 6 Division to conduct a raid on December 31 on four suspected criminal camps located across the River, in Ujju community.
“In the raid, 6 Division troops in conjunction with Operation Delta Safe Special Boats Service and air component, engaged the suspected criminals in exchange of gunfire.
“Troops later arrested some suspects and recovered several weapons, ammunitions and uniforms, including uniforms and rifle belonging DSP Mohammed Alkali and his orderly, Sgt. Urukwu Nwachukwu.
“Our forces also recovered one AK47 rifle, two G3 rifles, five Double Barrel guns, two pistols, 31 empty AK47 magazines, 242 rounds of 7.62mm NATO ammunition.
“Others are, 322 rounds of other ammunition calibres, bulletproof jackets, seven other police uniforms, 31 handsets, Automated Teller Machine Cards (ATM) and a First Aid box,” he said.
Abdulkarim said the clean-up operation was in continuation of efforts by the Division to recover weapons from cultists and militants who refused to embrace Amnesty offered by Rivers' government.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The 32-year-old woman was killed while protesting a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville. NBC 7's Astrid Solorzano reports.
Local members of the national labor union, The Industrial Workers of the World, gathered Saturday night to remember one of their own.
The 32-year-old woman killed when a man deliberately drove into a crowd protesting a white supremacist rally in Virginia was also a member of the union.
“This is a serious loss for us. One of our comrades died today,” one union member at the El Cajon vigil said. “It could have been one of us."
About 60 people showed up to the hastily-put-together vigil with a simple message: denouncing white supremacy and right-wing groups that use violence to continue to suppress minority groups and people of color.
Families came with children to light candles and stood in unity against hate. Other social justice organizations also came to support the candlelight vigil.
Participant Claire Douglas said a member of her group was also injured when James Alex Fields, Jr. slammed his car into the crowd in Charlottesville.
She said that despite the shock and fear from today's actions, it is necessary to organize.
“People are really scared,” she said. “I think this kind of demonstration makes people think like I should just stay home, and I think. . .that what we. . .absolutely need to do is to be bigger than them, be more organized than them and show them we are the majority.”
Organizers say they won't be intimidated by hate groups and will mourn peacefully and safely.
A walk of peace and second candlelight vigil will take place Sunday.
Monsanto Nickoloff
End
-- The two-man team of rock music known as Monsanto/Nickoloff has released their debut single, "Without You." The track has been proudly published as an independent record release without the involvement of the corporate music industry. Grooving, rolling, and featuring the skills and talents of two true American veterans of rock, "Without You" is a track which will put Monsanto/Nickoloff on the map across the USA and beyond.Monsanto/Nickoloff are Reg Monsanto and John Nickoloff. They cite as main artistic influences Kiss, Journey, Bon Jovi, Van Halen, Eagles, Def Leppard, "and many more." The strength of the '80s rock sound which continues to distinguish groups like Jovi, Halen, Leppard, etc. is equally strong on Monsanto/Nickoloff's "Without You" debut single, and fans of these will enjoy it immensely.Asked to describe the themes of the song, Monsanto/Nickoloff write, "Positivity and Hope. We believe that everything happens for a reason, and that something good always follows something bad.We want for the listener to find the positive in the negative. It's there."Reg Monsanto and John Nickoloff are from New York and Indiana, respectively. They met in Daytona Beach, Florida in 1994 and formed a popular rock group at that time called RainLord. RainLord went on to release several records and receive national radio circulation. When the band went on extended hiatus, the two continued their collaboration."Without You" was co-written in 2016 and represents the first official fruit of their ongoing creative efforts."John and Reg are excited," their current bio states, "about the prospect that this could lead to more of what they both love to do.""Without You" by Monsanto/Nickoloff is available online worldwide from over 700 quality digital music retailers now.-S. McCauleyLead Press Release Writerwww.MondoTunes.com
End
-- Believe it or not, we are only about a week away from summer. And, our weather patterns have already settled into familiar territory here in the Treasure Coast. Afternoons are warm and rainy, and it doesn't get much cooler at night. Fortunately, an efficient air conditioning system should be able to keep you and your loved ones comfortable, regardless of the temperature. However, if your unit needs any work, you should consider bringing in A/C Doctors, Inc., before the worst of the summer heat arrives.Do you want to save on your energy bill this summer? You can try the following techniques, when it comes to your air conditioner:• It is important to get your system serviced regularly. Bring in the A/C Doctors to look over your unit, and keep things running flawlessly year round.• If you can spend more time on lower floors of your house, you can avoid feeling hot air rising. This may allow you to use less a/c.• Obviously, if sun is glaring into your house, it's going to heat things up in a hurry. Use blinds, curtains or trees to add some shade, and take some stress off your air conditioning.When your place of business or residence is suffering from a lack of air conditioning or heating, everybody loses. So, if you are having any issues with your systems, it is time to bring in the experts. Contact A/C Doctors, Inc., today, and set up your appointment.For more information visit http://www.acdoctorsinc.com or call (877)-633-3944.
The Riviera Golf Club will stage its 19th Invitational Tournament from February 8 to 10 in its Silang, Cavite course.
List-up is ongoing with an entry fee of P12,000 for member-guest and member-member divisions, and P14,000 for the guest team.
The tournament fee is inclusive of use of golf cart, breakfast and cocktails, one practice round, P5,000 worth of merchandise, and a raffle entry.
The event is open to the public with three categories to play.
For inquiries, call the Riviera membership office at (02) 888-9089 local 203 and 204.
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn's resignation
1:07 Highlights: Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
0:41 A year ago, Lake Nacimiento was almost dry. Here's what it looks like now after the rain.
0:44 See Santa Margarita Lake at 70 percent capacity after the storms
0:29 This is how dry Lopez Lake has gotten this summer
Magical lights and animals are the theme for Christmas at Waddesdon this year, with thousands of fairy lights on the trees in the house and a huge fluorescent dragon in the grounds.
The annual Christmas Fair market stalls, have been moved from the back of the house to the North Front.
One of the house decorations. Picture by Heather Jan Brunt
So when visitors arrive, they are greeted with 80 pretty wooden chalets selling everything from unique gifts to delicious food lining the drive up to the house.
The trees behind them are lit with pretty pink lights and the manor itself is incredible, From dusk, the front is decorated with an extraordinary light and sound show, Waddesdon Imaginarium, created by video design students from the Guildhall School of Music and Drama.
Projected onto the manor's ornate facade, the show has been inspired by the architecture, gardens and history of the estate with objects from the collections 3D scanned and transformed into detailed animations.
Visitors can see roaming porcelain animals, dancing musical clocks, fluttering clouds of butterflies and moths and 18th century portraits creating a fantastical visual story of Waddesdon.
The decorated bathroom. Picture by Heather Jan Brunt
Pippa Shirley, head of collections and gardens, said of the results of the collaboration with Guildhall: ”The house is exploding and the collection is liberated in a most extraordinary way. The musical sound track used is specifically for the projection and it was composed, created and is performed by the students.”
After several years of outdoor light installations from Bruce Munro, American artist Lauren Booth is now illuminating the Rothschild grounds with Electric Menagerie. The display winds from the Aviary to The Stables with a collection of neon goats, parrots, a flea circus and a quite spectacular dragon lighting up the darkness of the evening.
Inside the house, the theme for this year's decorations, Enchanted Menagerie, celebrates the weird and wonderful animals that can be seen throughout Waddesdon's collections, from an elephant parade inspired by the 18th century musical automaton to a life sized zebra and trees decked with colourful birds and mythical beasts, and in the Bachelor's Wing Noah's Ark in the billiard room and a very amusing bathroom decoration featuring sealions.
Florist Mike Massaro worked with his colleagues at The Flower People to create much of the artistry in the house. He said the project was planned over two to three months off site and then seven people arrived to put the displays together over several days. Fourteen feet Christmas trees are used throughout the house with 10,000 fairy lights, 3,000 baubles, 500 animals, 300 birds and 700 butterflies.
There is plenty of food and drink to keep visitors warmed and filled up during a visit to the manor. In addition to the tasty refreshments on offer from the Christmas Fair market stalls, the Wigwam Cafe has returned, and there is the Treaterie at the Stables and festive teas and lunches at the Manor Restaurant.
Waddesdon is open for Christmas from 11am-6pm Wednesdays to Sundays until January 2 (closed December 24, 25 and 26). Although not usually open on Mondays and Tuesdays, it will open on Monday January 1 and Tuesday January 2. Admission to the house and grounds is £25 for adults, £12.50 children, free for under fives. Admission to the grounds only is £10 adults, £5 children. Discounts are available, full information on opening times and ticket prices at www.waddesdon.org.uk
The Christmas Fair is at the manor during opening hours until Sunday December 10.
ORLANDO, Fla -
A Riverview man is arrested for making threats towards singer Lana Del Ray.
Orlando Police received a tip about a possible kidnapping threat to singer Lana Del Ray (Elizabeth Woolridge Grant). The singer was scheduled to perform at the Amway Center in Orlando yesterday.
Police believe that Michael Hunt, 43, of Riverview made threats on social media to Lana Del Ray that they believe to be credible. Orlando Police did not say what the exact threats to the singer had been.
Due to the Online threats, Orlando Police began a search to located Hunt. Police found Hunt Friday evening a block away from the Amway Center. When Hunt was taken into custody, he was in possession of tickets to the Lana Del Ray concert and a knife.
Police say that at no time was Hunt able to make contact with the singer to follow through in his threats. Lana Del Ray's concert when on as scheduled Friday.
Hunt was arrested for Aggravated Stalking with a Credible Threat and Attempted Kidnapping with a Weapon. Hunt is currently being held in Orange County Jail on no bond.
Hunt has a criminal history with 61 felony convictions that range from drug charges to violent crimes per Orange County Police. Hunt has 13 arrests in Hillsborough County.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Schools may be off today due to snow and icy conditions but children are being given the opportunity to make the most of their free time with a trip to the zoo.
For one day only, Twycross Zoo is FREE for youngsters.
They will have the chance to meet Mal the Orangutan, snow leopards, meerkats and more.
Billie-Jan Humphries, marketing and communications manager, said: "Twycross Zoo is open today plus to help out parents whilst the schools are closed we are offering FREE entry to children and £5 entry for adults to the zoo all day today only.
"Please ask everyone to listen to local travel advice and be careful on their way into us."
For more information go to https://twycrosszoo.org/event/snow-day-offer/
John Essey and family live in a modest, two-story home on a tree-lined street in the suburbs north of Pittsburgh. From the outside, it looks like any other house in the neighborhood, but this house has a brain.
"It knows we're home. Doors unlock, [it] kinda sets the mood for the rest of the house too, turns on lights, sets the thermostat accordingly," Essey says.
Essey is an engineer at Uber and an early adopter of the Internet of things. He can control his lights with his Amazon Echo or an array of touchpad sensors he's installed throughout the home. Sensors tell him when there's water in the basement or a leak under the sink.
While Essey's setup might sound a little like science fiction it's a prototype of the future. Some critics are worried these devices won't be secure and that companies will use them to spy on us to make money.
Gierad Laput, a Ph.D. student at Carnegie Mellon University, says as the Internet of things becomes more engrained in our daily lives, there are a couple of ways people are turning ordinary homes into smart homes.
"One way is basically to buy all the appliances, smart oven, smart dishwasher, smart microwave, smart toaster, all these things," Laput says.
But that stuff is really expensive. Smart refrigerators can cost $3,000 or more. And Laput said those devices don't always talk to each other, especially if they're made by different manufacturers.
The other way is to get sensors, and put them on everything you want to monitor.
"But then those get really unwieldy and you've got all these things sticking around and they look ugly and socially obtrusive," Laput says.
So Laput and his team wanted to see if they could build just one sensor that could monitor a whole range of activity in a room. And they did. It doesn't look like much; just a little 2-inch-square circuit board that plugs into the wall. The board senses about a dozen different facets of its environment: vibrations, sounds, light color and so on. The sensor communicates wirelessly with a computer, which interprets everything it picks up.
Laput demonstrated how the sensor works by turning on a blender. Almost immediately, a text box saying "blender running" popped up on a computer screen along with a purple squiggly line representing the blender's vibration.
Laput turned on a light, and the screen said, "light on."
Laput says he imagines both domestic and commercial applications for such a sensor. It could tell you that you left your stove on or that you're almost out of paper towels in the bathroom at the restaurant you own.
But critics say there's a catch.
"Surveillance is now the business model of the Internet. Companies make money spying on you," says Bruce Schneier, an Internet security expert and the chief technology officer at IBM's cybersecurity arm. "When the app says I can detect when you're out of paper towels, they're not doing it for your best interest, they're doing it because they want to sell you paper towels."
Schneier pointed to Roomba, the little automated vacuum from iRobot. The company's CEO said last month that the device could soon start mapping your home, raising concerns that that data could be sold for a profit. The company swiftly clarified that it would only collect and share data if customers consented.
But on top of the issue of surveillance, Schneier says makers of Internet-of-things devices just aren't prioritizing security.
"We're building a world-sized robot without even realizing it," he says.
That robot has eyes and ears that collect data, brains that process it and arms and legs that take action in the real world.
But arms and legs can kick and punch, and more eyes and ears — like Laput's sensor — could make those kicks and punches both more accurate and more devastating.
Vancouver Family Magazine readers recently voted on their favorite local hotspots. Check out the winning businesses!
Best Date Night
Cinetopia
Two locations:
8700 NE Vancouver Mall Dr‎.
Vancouver, WA 98662
360-448-4100
11700 SE 7th St.
Vancouver, WA 98683
360-213-2800
Drawing moviegoers from far beyond its Vancouver origins, Cinetopia has been perfecting the art of the movie going experience since 2005, and has since grown from one Cascade Park location to 3 additional locations. The luxury and comfort make the classic dinner and a movie date night delightfully unique, with a full restaurant and cozy living room style cinema viewing areas.
*Best of Vancouver 9th year running!
Best Kids' Retail Clothing
Target
Various Vancouver locations
You had us at one-stop shop. From newborns through teens, Target's style and price are just right. The only problem: you're guaranteed to walk out with more than you planned to purchase.
Best Public Park
Esther Short Park
Between Columbia and Esther Streets, and 6th and 8th Streets, downtown Vancouver.
Traditionally considered the oldest public square in the state of Washington, Esther Short Park truly is the jewel of Vancouver. Throughout the year, crowds flock to events here such as movies in the park, the Recycled Arts Festival, and Vancouver Farmers Market. It's also the scene of choice for cooling off in the coolest water feature in town.
*Best of Vancouver 9th year running!
Best Family Night
Big Al's
16615 SE 18th St.
Vancouver, WA 98683
360- 944-6118
Not one, but two full bowling alleys with 42 state-of-the-art bowling lanes, including 12 plush VIP lanes, provide endless hours of entertainment for the whole family. Add a full restaurant, plus an arcade, and it's no wonder Big Al's is family night central year round.
*Best of Vancouver 9th year running!
Best Kids' Fun Spot
Dizzy Castle
11606 NE 66th St.
Vancouver, WA 98662
360-885-PLAY (7529)
Unpredictable weather makes indoor recreation a must in our neck of the woods, especially for kids. Dizzy Castle is a kids' dream come true, with a whimsical castle, dragon and pirate ship, and dedicated toddler area. Parents are fully cared for too, with tall ceilings to encourage parents to play with their kids, and a lounge/cafe area for parents' break time. They even check out iPads to parents for no extra charge. Because we all know when mommy and daddy aren't happy, no one's happy.
Best Toy Store
Kazoodles
13503 SE Mill Plain Blvd., Suite B-3
Vancouver, WA 98684
360-699-9200
Kid-powered toys that are designed to inspire children's imagination are the specialty at this mom-and-pop shop that also hosts “crafternoon” activities and other special events.
*Best of Vancouver 9th year running!
Best Guys' Night Out
It's a tie!
Heathen Brewing
5612 NE 119th St
Vancouver, WA 98686
Feral Public House
1109 Washington St.
Vancouver, WA 98660
360-836-5255
Main Event Sports Grill
Two locations:
800 Main St.
Vancouver, WA 98660
360-448-7146
3200 SE 164th Ave. Suite 204
Vancouver, WA 98683
360-828-8583
Whether it's after a busy day at the office, a backbreaking day on the job, or a full day at home with the kids, guys in Clark County are unwinding at these popular restaurants and breweries.
Best Ladies' Night
It's a tie!
Niche Wine Bar
1013 Main St.
Vancouver, WA, 98660
360-980-8352
Main Event Sports Grill
Two locations:
800 Main St.
Vancouver, WA 98660
360-448-7146
3200 SE 164th Ave. Suite 204
Vancouver, WA 98683
360-828-8583
When gals get together, there's bound to be lots of gabbing, lots of laughter, and lots of fun. Gals in Clark County are flocking to these locations that set the tone for all of the above.
Best Formal Cuisine
It's a tie!
Roots
19215 SE 34th St. Suite 110
Camas, WA 98607
360-260-3001
Lapellah
2520 Columbia House Blvd., Suite 108
Vancouver, WA 98661
360-828-7911
Focus on locally farmed produce and stellar atmospheres set Roots and Lapellah apart.
Best Pizza Place
Blind Onion
Various Vancouver locations
360-597-4898
A Vancouver favorite for years, with all the traditional pizza combinations, plus some of the most unique recipes around.
Best Family Dinner Experience
Red Robin
Various Vancouver locations
360-892-1121
It's not easy juggling energetic toddlers or moody teenagers while attempting an enjoyable dinner out with the family, but Red Robin has family dining down to a science. The usual crayons and colorable menus are just the beginning: balloons, appearances by Red the Robin, and kid-friendly menu items have transformed the family dining experience in Clark County.
Best Consignment Clothing
Spanky's
13503 SE Mill Plain Blvd.
Vancouver, WA 98684
360-260-0791
Long before it was the most popular way to shop, Spanky's was blazing the consignment trail with quality used clothing, shoes, accessories, baby gear and furniture. Get credit for your old clothes, and get the highest quality and best brands for a fraction of the cost of new.
Best Baby Boutique
Tiny Hinys
10910 NE Fourth Plain Blvd.
Vancouver, WA 98662
360-885-2786
You can't miss the historic farmhouse turned paradise for all things baby and kid, located right on Fourth Plain in Orchards. Shop hundreds of gently used baby gear and clothing items, with new inventory constantly on arrival.
Best Spa Salon
Spoiled Spa and Salon
5500 NE 109th Ct.
Vancouver, WA 98662
360-828-5411
Facials, hair, makeup, massage, and even a sauna and Jacuzzi all beckon anyone in need of some serious pampering. Men are also “spoiled” with hot towel shaves and haircuts.
Best Burger
Killer Burger
1525 SE 164th Ave.
Vancouver, WA 98683
360-836-5274
Peanut butter pickle bacon burger? Yes, please! It might be the most unusual burger combo you've ever heard, but it also happens to be, well, killer. Top it off with all the fries you can eat and lots of rock and roll.
Best Family Fitness
Firstenburg Community Center
700 NE 136th Ave.
Vancouver, WA 98684
360-487-7001
Should parents be banned from posting photos of other children on social media?
An Auckland school has asked parents not to post photos of other children taken at school events without permission.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stars of Coronation Street have gathered for the funeral of much-loved soap actress Liz Dawn.
Cast members past and present arrived at Salford Cathedral to pay their respects to the 77-year-old, who played the part of Vera Duckworth on the cobbles for 34 years.
A coach of Coronation Street stars arrived at the church ahead of the service.
Among the mourners were Samia Longchambon, who plays Maria Connor, and her husband Sylvain, a professional ice skater.
Alan Halsall, whose character Tyrone Dobbs was taken in by Vera and husband Jack on the soap, attended with wife Lucy-Jo Hudson, who played Katy Harris in the soap.
Helen Worth, who plays Gail Rodwell, Jack P Shepherd, who plays David Platt, and Chris Gascoyne, the soap's Peter Barlow, were also present for the service.
Former stars Ken Morley, who played Reg Holdsworth, Bruce Jones, who played Les Battersby, and Alison King, who played Carla Connor, also turned out to pay their respects.
In her role as the wife of on-screen husband Jack, played by the late Bill Tarmey, the duo endeared themselves to millions of the Street's fans, becoming a staple of the ITV soap.
A former Woolworths shop girl from Leeds, who first set foot on Weatherfield's famous cobbles in 1974, Dawn, who had four children, died peacefully last week at home with her family around her.
She had been diagnosed with the lung disease emphysema and was written out of the show in 2008 at her request.
Jennie McAlpine, who plays Fiz Stape in the soap, Sally Dyvenor (Sally Metcalfe), Michael Le Vell (Kevin Webster) and Andrew Whyment (Kirk Sutherland) were also at the cathedral for the service, which was due to be followed by a private family committal.
Bharat Book Bureau provides the report; on "Online Travel Booking Market -Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecasts, 2017-2023". The report witness growth due to rising disposable incomes in the masses within the emerging regions.
Media Contact
Sandhya Nair
+91 22 27810772 / 27810773
***@bharatbook.com Sandhya Nair+91 22 27810772 / 27810773
End
-- The Online Travel Bookings Market (https://www.bharatbook.com/travel-tourism-market-research-reports-905765/global-online-travel-bookings.html)is expected to attain a market size of, growing at aduring the forecast period. Online travel providers seek to make the process of travel planning and bookings simple and easy for customers. The online travel market is majorly driven by factors such as quick and convenient flight and hotel bookings, safer online payment methods, availability of multiple choices and comparison options. Leading players in the market are focused on offering travel services through different platform such as mobile websites and apps to attract young and professional crowd.The level of internet adoption has steeply risen due to the widespread acceptance of online travel market. The online travel market would witness growth due to rising disposable incomes in the masses within the emerging regions, easy comparison of travel options, and others.Based on Service Types, the market is segmented into Transportation, Accommodation, and Others. Based on Mode of Bookings, the market is segmented into Online Travel Agencies and Direct Travel Facilitators. Based on Platform Types, the market is segmented into Mobile Based and Desktop Based. Based on Age Groups, the market is segmented into 30-45, 46 – 56, 20 – 30, and 57 & above. Based on region, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa.The report covers the analysis of key stakeholders of the Online Travel Bookings Market. Key companies profiled in the report include Expedia, Inc., Priceline Group Inc., and Trip Advisor LLC, Make My trip Limited, Hostel world Group, Thomas Cook Group Plc., Fare portal (Cheapoair.Com), Airbnb, Inc., and Ctrip.Com International, Ltd.About Bharat Book Bureau:Bharat Book Bureau is the leading market research information provider for market research reports, company profiles, industry analysis, country reports, business reports, newsletters and online databases Bharat Book Bureau provides over a million reports from more than 400 publishers around the globe. We cover sectors starting from Aeronautics to Zoology.Contact us at:Bharat Book BureauTel: +91 22 27810772 / 27810773Email: poonam@bharatbook.comWebsite: www.bharatbook.comFollow us on: Twitter|Facebook|Linkedin |Google Plus
Want Warriors news in your inbox? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter.
OAKLAND – The road to the NBA Finals has not changed for four years. The Warriors arrived here with a front office, coaching staff and All-Star players collaborating for the common good. The Cleveland Cavaliers arrived here with LeBron James prevailing through roster turnover and front-office dysfunction.
Will it ever change? The rest of the NBA wishes that already had happened. The Warriors and Cavaliers hope it keeps going. And for Warriors general manager Bob Myers, he dreadfully sees an expiration date approaching.
“I definitely know this is ending,” Myers said Wednesday on the eve of Game 1. “I don't need any reminders. The narrative is, ‘This will go on forever.” On the record, it can't. Nothing does, especially in a sport where the competition is so great.”
To subscribe to the Planet Dubs podcast, click here.
The Warriors might not want to hear those words as they try to win another NBA championship after winning two of them in the past three years. Myers still remains confident in a third one because of coach Steve Kerr and four healthy All-Stars (Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, Draymond Green, Klay Thompson). Yet, Myers still remains wary partly because of James' greatness and partly because veteran Andre Iguodala will miss at least Game 1 because of a left leg injury that also sidelined him in Games 4, 5, 6 and 7 of the Western Conference Finals against the Houston Rockets.
Then, Myers saw how the Warriors came close toward falling short of an NBA Finals appearance in what would have marked the first time since 2014. Hence, Myers admitted that “relief is the predominant emotion” after beating the Rockets as opposed to “the bliss” he wishes he had felt.
Want real-time Warriors news texted to your phone? Sign up for Mark Medina's private text messaging service.
“No team should last forever. It's not good for anybody,” Myers said. “I'm fully aware. I don't need a reminder from Houston to know how fragile this whole thing is. That's a part of it. That's why you have to appreciate it.”
And it is also why Myers hopes to maintain and make tweaks to a roster that can delay his prediction from becoming true. But how much will the Warriors' success or failure against Cleveland in the NBA Finals influence his offseason decisions?
“I don't know. I don't think you can evaluate anything until your year is over, good, bad or in the middle,” Myers said. “It's an incomplete product. Who knows. I have no idea if we win or lose, what that will look like. I think our players have shown they're made of the right stuff. So you don't do anything rash. They've earned the right to continue on this journey.”
It appears likely that Curry, Durant and Thompson will earn that right to continue the journey.
Curry re-signed last year with the Warriors to a five-year deal, $201 million deal. Though Durant will be a free agent this summer, he has said unequivocally he plans to re-sign with the Warriors. Thompson and the Warriors have had discussion during training camp about agreeing to an extension at some point before he becomes a free agent in 2019 offseason. Green will become a free agent in the 2020 offseason, though there is intrigue on how well he can stay healthy and maintain his effectiveness as a versatile defender.
“At one point, players get older and teams get broken up,” Myers said. “It always happens. You just don't know when.”
It appears more likely the bench will be broken up in some fashion this offseason.
The Warriors have four frontcourt players who will be unrestricted free agents (Kevon Looney, Zaza Pachulia, JaVale McGee, David West). Veteran forward Nick Young, who signed with the Warriors to the mid-level exception at $5.2 million, will be an unrestricted free agent after playing through inconsistency with his shooting and defense. And second-year forward Patrick McCaw will be a restricted free agent after suffering a spine contusion that kept him sidelined for almost two months.
Any trades aside this summer, the Warriors can sign players at a mini-mid level exception worth ($5.2 million) a bi-annual exception ($3.3 million) and at veteran's minimum deals. The Warriors will also have the 28th pick in the NBA Draft on June 21. Though Myers conceded difficulty in evaluating a bench that had varying rotations and overlapping injuries, he praised Kerr “for using a lot of guys” for matchup and depth purposes.
“To try to construct a team in this modern NBA, it's almost like baseball now where you have one guy that will pitch one out to a left-handed batter and then you're out of the game,” Myers said. “It's one of those things you have to match up. Our job is to build a roster that has some versatility and will play fast and play slow, play big and small. You never get it exactly right.”
The Warriors thought they got it right in late October when they declined to guarantee Looney's $2.2 million contract for next season because of luxury tax implications. It did not help that Looney had hip injuries during his first two NBA seasons. In his third season, though, Looney has impressed the Warriors with his durability, defensive versatility and work habits. Will those qualities attract too much outside interest for the Warriors to match?
“The hypothetical stuff is tough. I expect the unexpected,” Myers said. “Who knows.”
The Warriors also thought they got it right when they waived veteran guard/forward Omri Casspi, who signed last summer on a veteran's minimum deal. He had overlapping injuries to his right ankle. Quinn Cook, who played on a two-way contract with the Warriors and their G-League team in Santa Cruz, grew with his play. And the Warriors signed Cook both to their playoff roster and for next season with Curry initially out for six postseason games with a left knee injury.
Injuries to McCaw and Iguodala, though, left the Warriors against the Rockets without two wing players and a surplus of big men that did not fit Kerr's vision against a Rockets team that often went small.
“If we had McCaw and Andre in this series, I wouldn't have felt vulnerable at the wing. We might have to go bigger in this series against some of those guys,” Myers said. “I don't know. It depends. You want to build something and cover for injury. But sometimes it's difficult.”
Myers does not consider it difficulty to handle scrutiny for moves he did or did not make.
“Everything's fair. I criticize myself. You just try to get here and win,” Myers said. “At the end of the year, you look at things you might have done differently with what you got right and what you got wrong. There are a lot of things they can say we didn't do right or I didn't do well.”
There are also a lot of things that Myers did well. He played a part in the Warriors drafting Thompson (11th in 2011) and Green (35th in 2012). He played a part in hiring Kerr (2015). He played a part in maintaining cap space to sign Durant (2016). He played a part in buying draft picks at No. 38 that secured the rights to McCaw (2016) and Jordan Bell (2017).
“Those are good, too,” Myers said, smiling. “We're going to get some stuff right. We're going to get some stuff wrong. Keep moving.”
For now, though, Myers will sit back and watch what unfolds in front of him.
“Having gotten to the Finals is very very difficult. I commend any team in any sport that gets here. It is so hard,” Myers said. “I know to appreciate we're even here, even though people think it's pre-ordained. I don't feel that way at all.”
He also feels this will not last forever. He hopes it will last at least a little bit longer, though.
Follow Bay Area News Group Warriors beat writer Mark Medina on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.
Tracking devices attached to Asian Hornets
Electronic radio tags could be used to track invasive Asian hornets and stop them killing honeybees.
For the first time, Scientists from the University of Exeter have attached tiny tags to Asian hornets, then used a tracking device to follow them to their nests.
They tested the technique in southern France and Jersey and say it could be used here in the future.
''Our new method of tracking offers a really important new tool to tackle the spread of this invader, providing an efficient means of finding hornets' nests in urban, rural and wooded environments,'' said lead researcher Dr Peter Kennedy, of the Environment and Sustainability Institute on the University of Exeter's Penryn Campus in Cornwall.
Asian hornets prey on honeybees and other pollinators, and the scientists say the technique demonstrated in their study could help protect Britain's beleaguered pollinator populations.
''It is vital to find the nests early in the season to prevent the hornet spreading, as later in the year hundreds of new queens emerge and disperse from each nest, each with the potential to make new nests,'' said Professor Juliet Osborne, a co-author on the study, and Director of the Environment and Sustainability Institute.
The work was funded as part of Defra's efforts to prepare for future outbreaks of the Asian hornet in the UK.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:38 Still need solar eclipse glasses? Make sure they're legit Pause 1:09 How to safely watch a solar eclipse 3:01 Michael Bennett on why he sat during national anthem at Seahawks' preseason opener 0:54 Olympia Pet Emergency moving back to Lacey 0:59 Little feet fly at the Hawks Dance Team's Kids Dance Camp 1:38 July, 2017 fight at the Artesian Commons Park 0:29 Gurneys fall from coroner's van into intersection 1:12 Olympia couple building their dream one cottage at a time 0:45 Car rams into crowd of counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Va. 3:47 Video: Arlington mom films arrests of her two teenage sons Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email President Trump calls out the KKK, neo-Nazis and other hate groups in condemning Saturday's violence in Charlottesville. The White House
President Trump calls out the KKK, neo-Nazis and other hate groups in condemning Saturday's violence in Charlottesville. The White House
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Butyl Reclaim Rubber Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Butyl Reclaim Rubber market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Fishfa Rubbers Ltd, High Tech Reclaim Pvt. Ltd, SNR Reclamations, GRP, Sun Exim, Rolex Reclaim Pvt. Ltd., Rolex Reclaim Pvt. Ltd., U.S. Rubber, Yeu Guan Industrial Co., Ltd., Star Polymers Inc.. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Butyl Reclaim Rubber Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-butyl-reclaim-rubber-market/10349/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Butyl Reclaim Rubber market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Butyl Reclaim Rubber market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Butyl Reclaim Rubber Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Butyl Reclaim Rubber. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Butyl Reclaim Rubber in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Natural Butyl Reclaim Rubber, Synthetic Butyl Reclaim Rubber.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Adhesives, Waterproofing Sheets, Tires.
Key Highlights Of The Butyl Reclaim Rubber Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-butyl-reclaim-rubber-market/10349/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Butyl Reclaim Rubber new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Butyl Reclaim Rubber market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Butyl Reclaim Rubber industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Fans will have to wait until next week to find out the truth about this soap death.
Emmerdale viewers have been left wondering if Emma Barton's death in the latest episode was down to her being pushed by her son Ross Barton, rather than jumping of her own volition.
The troubled character, played by Gillian Kearney, was seen standing on the edge of a viaduct and saying a prayer before falling from the great height to her death.
The dramatic scenes came after she accidentally shot and killed her son Finn Barton earlier in the week, following a dramatic fight with Moira Dingle (Natalie J Robb) in a burning barn and delivering Moira's baby, and confessing to murdering her husband.
Moira told Ross and Pete the truth about what Emma did to James! #NoReturn #Emmerdale pic.twitter.com/iGC21fVYV1 — Emmerdale (@emmerdale) October 6, 2017
Emma also kidnapped Moira's newborn baby and abandoned the infant in a church.
Finn (Joe Gill) was confirmed dead in Thursday's episode of the ITV serial drama, and at the beginning of Friday's instalment, his mother also died.
However, while it initially appeared she had jumped, viewers were confused when it was later revealed that Ross (Michael Parr) was at the scene after she fell.
Speculating on Twitter, one fan wrote that they thought “Ross pushed her”, while another said: “What if ross killed Emma? Because he was so angry about finn.”
what if ross killed Emma? Because he was so angry about finn🔥🔥🔥😳😳😳😳😳😳😳 #Emmerdale — MeganBooth (@meganbooth_x) October 6, 2017
Another wrote: “Oh Ross if you pushed her I don't blame you BUT I so don't want you in trouble for it.”
Oh Ross if you pushed her I don't blame you BUT I so don't want you in trouble for it. #Emmerdale #NoReturn — Sall Baker (@Sall_Baker) October 6, 2017
“At last!!!” a gleeful viewer said, adding: “I hope Ross pushed her! See ya (I'm clearly too invested in this show!).”
@emmerdale @MikeParrActor at last!!! I hope Ross pushed her! See ya 👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻 (I'm clearly too invested in this show!) — Jodie Gwilliams (@jodiegwilliams) October 6, 2017
Commenting on the fact Emma had landed on her back, one viewer said: “She fell backwards, maybe she had turned around to see Ross and he pushed her.”
She fell backwards, maybe she had turned around to see Ross and he pushed her — Joanne Kearney (@jobaby1) October 6, 2017
Some viewers had other ideas about the storyline, which ended a week of particularly dramatic episodes of Emmerdale.
I think Emma turned around when Ross arrived and then she slipped and now Ross is going to blame himself for her death — Michael Parr's Squad (@MikeParrSquad) October 6, 2017
“I think Emma turned around when Ross arrived and then she slipped and now Ross is going to blame himself for her death,” one fan suggested.
Could be Cain, Ross, Moira, Adam, Gabby, Laurel or Pete who potentially pushed her. — Sarah Anne Nicholls (@SarahAnneNich) October 6, 2017
Another wrote that it “could be Cain, Ross, Moira, Adam, Gabby, Laurel or Pete who potentially pushed her”.
Speaking about leaving the role of Emma after nearly three years, Kearney said: “She's been fabulous to play.
“I've thoroughly enjoyed playing her from day one. I feel very lucky that I've managed to bow out in such style.”
She added: “The crew have been amazing to work with. Everyone works really hard at Emmerdale and it's been great to be part of a team that creates such exciting drama.”
:: Emmerdale continues on Monday at 7pm on ITV.
© Press Association 2017
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) — No. 10 Texas Tech had firm control of its game at TCU before top-scoring guard Keenan Evans even took a shot.
“It wasn't odd at all. I felt like I was making the right passes, and the team was rolling and making shots,” Evans said. “When we're winning, that's all I care about.”
Jarret Culver scored 12 of his 20 points before halftime, including consecutive 3-pointers in an early 18-0 run, as the Red Raiders beat TCU 83-71 on Saturday for their fourth straight victory and a share of the Big 12 Conference lead.
Desmond Bane's three-point play for TCU tied the game at 9 before the big run the next 4 minutes by Texas Tech (19-4, 7-3 Big 12), which started the second half of league play by matching Kansas atop the standings after the Jayhawks lost at home earlier Saturday against Oklahoma State.
“To me, I've always said the conference race doesn't really start until February, so we're 1-0 in the Big 12 and we'll see what happens this month,” coach Chris Beard said.
“That's something we've been thinking about since the summer,” Evans said about a possible Big 12 title before making his coach's point clear. “We're more thinking the next game. We're not trying to think past anybody.”
Evans entered the game as Tech's top scorer, and second in the Big 12 behind Oklahoma freshman Trae Young, at 18.6 points per game. His first shot against TCU didn't come until there were 6½ minutes left in the first half, and his first make 2 minutes later was a 3-pointer for a 37-18 lead.
“We have a lot of players that can create and Keenan, he was creating well for the other players in opening up stuff,” said Culver, Tech's hometown freshman guard .
“Their other guys in transition and open shots … give them credit for other guys making shots,” TCU coach Jamie Dixon said. “I think we left the other guys open so (Evans) didn't have to shoot it. That wasn't the game plan.”
Evans still finished with 17 points and six assists , while Zhaire Smith had 12 points.
Vladimir Brodziansky led TCU with 18 points, while Bane had 13. Kenrich Williams had 12 points and 13 rebounds.
The Red Raiders led 48-24 at halftime after Evans made a buzzer-beating jumper, just three days after his winning shot against Texas at the end of overtime.
“They really played as they've been playing, defense and guarded, and took good shots and were patient,” Dixon said. “And on the other end, we were the exact opposite, so we got what we deserved.”
BIG PICTURE
Texas Tech: The Red Raiders have surpassed last year's win total of 18 with a month left in the regular season. They already have a win at Kansas, and host both the Jayhawks and No. 12 Oklahoma in February.
TCU: The Horned Frogs have alternated wins and losses for three straight weeks since starting point guard Jaylen Fisher's season-ending left knee injury. But they hadn't been outplayed like this all season. Their first six losses had been by a combined 19 points, an average of 3.2 per game.
“I didn't see this coming,” Dixon said.
POLL IMPLICATIONS
Texas Tech surely will stay in the Top 10, and likely move up, when the new AP poll comes out Monday. It will be the fourth time in five weeks the Red Raiders are in the Top 10. The only other time they were ranked in Top 10 four times in the same season was the final four polls in 1995-96, when the Southwest Conference champs made it to the Sweet 16 and finished 30-2.
SLOW STARTERS
“Our energy was low from the jump,” Bane said. “It's just something we have to find within ourselves. It's a toughness thing. … We've just got to come together and come ready to play from the jump.”
OTTAWA — A private member's bill aimed at ensuring Canada's laws are in harmony with the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples has earned the approval of the House of Commons.
Bill C-262, introduced by New Democrat MP and reconciliation critic Romeo Saganash, won the support of MPs by a margin of 206 to 79 and is now en route to the Senate.
Saganash was among the original architects of the UN declaration, which was adopted by the General Assembly in September 2007.
Saganash says he believes his legislation is the most important bill Parliament has considered in a long time.
A hundred-strong taua, group of warriors, have led a powhiri for the Governor General Dame Patsy Reddy at Waitangi this morning.
It's the first time in decades dignitaries have skipped the lower marae at Te Tii - today's welcome taking place at the Treaty Grounds' Whare Runanga instead.
Ngāpuhi decided last year to take control of Waitangi commemorations from Te Tii after a particularly fractious 5th of February last year, the day when politicians usually visit the marae.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Friends and loved ones of John Jezreel David, 21, who was shot dead in what police said was an anti-drug operation, look at his body inside a coffin during his funeral rites at the north cemetery in Metro Manila.
MANILA: When Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte summoned his security chiefs to an urgent meeting one Sunday night last month, his mind was already made up.
His military and law enforcement heads had no idea what was coming: a suspension of the police force's leading role in his signature campaign, a merciless war on illegal drugs.
There was only one reason for the U-turn, three people who attended the January 29 meeting told Reuters. Duterte was furious that drugs-squad cops had not only kidnapped and murdered a South Korean businessman, they had strangled him to death in the headquarters of the Philippines National Police itself.
“He was straight to the point — ‘I am ordering you to disband your anti-drug units, all units',” said Defence Secretary Delfin Lorenzana, who was at the meeting in the presidential palace.
Philippine National Police chief General Ronald Dela Rosa whispers to President Rodrigo Duterte during the announcement of the disbandment of police operations against illegal drugs in Manila, on January 29. Reuters
Duterte decided that the much smaller Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA) would take over the drugs crackdown, with support from the military.
It was a stunning turnaround by Duterte, who had until then stood unswervingly behind his police force through months of allegations that its officers were guilty of extra-judicial killings and colluding with hit men in a campaign that has claimed the lives of more than 7,600 people, mostly drug pushers and users, in seven months.
The blunt-spoken president had repeatedly defied calls from United Nations, the United States and the European Union to rein in his war on drugs, calling them stupid and ‘[expletive]'.
Duterte's aides were used to his mercurial style, but they were taken aback that the killing of one foreigner would be enough to stop him in his tracks.
One explanation is that relations with South Korea are of huge importance to the Philippines for development aid, tourism, overseas employment and military hardware.
But security officials said it was the audacity of the killing of Jee Ick-joo and the attempt to use the war on drugs as a cover for kidnap and ransom that triggered his decision.
“It's all about the Korean. That it happened at all, it's really that [which] pissed him off,” Lorenzana told Reuters.
PDEA Director General Isidro Lapena, who was also at the meeting, hadn't seen it coming either. He said in an interview that the president had lambasted the police force and told them that the “deactivation” and purge of its anti-drugs unit was now as important as the drugs war itself.
Police Director General Ronald dela Rosa told Reuters that Duterte had been “really mad” about the incident and, after the meeting, the president publicly denounced the police force as “corrupt to the core”.
The president's legal counsel, Salvador Panelo, said the president, a former prosecutor, makes decisions strictly on the basis of the letter of the law. Activists' allegations of summary executions had no supporting evidence, he said, yet to Duterte, Jee's killing was irrefutable, audacious and embarrassing.
“The committing of that crime was so obvious,” he said.
Worried that the incident would dent the Philippines' image in South Korea, Duterte sent Panelo to Seoul to apologise to acting president Hwang Kyo-ahn.
Seoul is Manila's biggest supplier of military hardware, donating or selling fighter jets, patrol boats, frigates and trucks.
About 1.4 million South Koreans visited the Philippines in the first 10 months of 2016 — a quarter of all tourists arrivals — lured by beaches, golf and the sex industry. Korean tourists spend an average $180-$200 daily, and their overall spending is triple that of US visitors.
South Korea is the Philippines' fifth-largest source of development aid and in 2015 invested $520 million in areas like power, tourism and electronics manufacturing.
About 55,000 Filipinos work in South Korea and the Philippines attracts Koreans studying English, over 3,700 of them last year.
A South Korean diplomat in Manila said there were no threats or pressure on the Philippine government over the killing of the businessman, but Seoul wanted a guarantee of safety for its citizens and a secure investment climate.
Hoik Lee, president of the Korean Chamber of Commerce in the Philippines, said South Koreans felt increasingly unsafe in the country.
The chamber's membership has grown from 20 firms in 1995 to 500 companies now, including Samsung Electro-Mechanics, Hanjin and LG, but Lee estimated that the Korean community has shrunk by about a third to 100,000 people since 2013 despite the bright economic outlook in the Philippines.
“Police should protect us not kill us,” Lee said. “That is why we are very upset and very shocked.” The number of Koreans murdered in the Philippines averages about 10 each year, accounting for a third of all Korean nationals killed overseas, according to Seoul's foreign ministry.
However, South Koreans are perpetrators of crime as much as they are its victims in the Philippines, says the police Criminal Investigation and Detection Group, which has a Korean desk handling cases of kidnappings, murder, robbery, theft, extortion and fraud, mostly in Korean communities, where mafias operate.
Gospel singer Kim Burrell says she makes "no excuses or apologies" for a sermon at a Houston, Texas, church where she referred to gays and lesbians as perverted.
A tape of Burrell preaching at the Love & Liberty Fellowship Church began circulating online.
She said "the perverted homosexual spirit, and the spirit of delusion and confusion, it has deceived many men and women."
She referred to specific homosexual acts as perverted.
Meanwhile, Burrell is scheduled to sing a duet with Pharrell next Thursday on the talk show Ellen, where host Ellen DeGeneres is one of show business' most prominent lesbians.
They are supposed to sing I See Victory from the soundtrack of the new movie Hidden Figures."
There was no immediate reaction from DeGeneres' show or her social media platform on Saturday.
Pharrell posted on Instagram "I condemn hate speech of any kind," although he made no specific reference to his duet partner.
It wasn't immediately clear when Burrell gave the sermon.
She spoke on Facebook Live on Friday about the tape that had circulated, referring to unspecified "enemies" for spreading only a portion of her speech.
Kim Burrell performs prior to a Mass by Pope Benedict XVI at Yankee Stadium in New York. Source: Associated Press
She said she has never discriminated against gays and lesbians.
"I love you and God loves you," she said.
Toyota recalls fleet of ‘ultimate eco-car' fuel cell vehicles
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
End
-- On June 11th in Naples, Florida, reggae rock blues artist Omari Banks set out to deliver a dose of Sunlight to The Sunshine State, and warm treats to North Carolina and the city of Baltimore, Maryland.Armed with Anguilla's sun-rays, his trusted guitar, a talented supporting band featuring drummer Kemoy Bogle, keyboardist Ottmat Campbell and Travis Garcia on bass, Omari set out to represent Eastern Caribbean Reggae to the international forefront. Having already built a strong fan base in Florida, the soulful crooner was received with high anticipation, and didn't disappoint. From Jacksonville to Tampa, Naples to Delray Beach and a few other cities in between, Omari serenaded patrons with songs from his hit filled sophomore "SUNLIGHT" album (footage from South Street at Omari Banks youtube channel). "It was such a treat to see everyone singing along to my songs, It's instant gratification, and makes all the hard work worthy." - OmariIn the mid of his tour, Omari joined Ten-time Grammy-nominated Jamaican reggae band Third World for a sold out performance celebrating Caribbean American Heritage Month in Miramar, Florida. (watch show highlights at Omari Banks youtube channel). The honor to join such legends was only matched joining legendary Beres Hammond on the North Carolina leg of the singer's tour. Speaking on the two events, Omari explained "Both Third world and Beres Hammond's career is what I seek to emulate, so to perform with them, to get the stage to showcase my music is definitely an honor. Their are my peer but I also look up to them, and myself am also a fan"Omari's Sunlight in the Sunshine State Tour was marked by a myriad of memorable moments, and taking to the main stage at Baltimore's Artscape, is one of them. Artscape, America's largest free arts festival which yearly attracts 350,000+ attendees is a melting pot of all that is art. Spectators came from far to hear the sounds of world-famous Drummer , Multi-award winner Sheila E, American funk and soul band led by Robert Randolph (Named on of 100 greatest guitarists of all time by Rolling Stone ) and Omari Banks among other celebrated musicians. He received stellar reviews of his performance ,Artscape were quoted as saying "Omari Banks had the crowd in the palm of his hand".Back in Anguilla getting ready to gift fans and music lovers with a video from his "SUNLIGHT" album, Omari reflected on his tour by saying "As a musician we spend many hours in the studio, singing or writing, and when we put out a project it's always nice to read positive reviews, but when you go on the road, you feel those reviews. You feel the love . I want to thank everyone who came to see me, from my long time fans, to my new ones.""A special thank you to Mark Lowery and Jaxrefrigeration company as well as Heather ,Gary and the Third world Band. I'll see you again soon"
Right-wing provocateur and Pizzagate conspiracy theorist Mike Cernovich gave a speech at Columbia University on Monday night — prompting protests from students and members of New York City's “antifa” coalition.
“You're a f–king Nazi, you piece of s–t! F–k you, get the f–k outta here!” shouted one demonstrator, who managed to make it inside the venue.
“No one cares!” she yelled, just as Cernovich began his speech at around 8:45 p.m. “You have blood on your hands!”
Hundreds of people gathered outside Columbia to voice their disapproval with the event, though things remained relatively calm and orderly throughout the evening.
At one point, there was some face-to-face shouting matches and a few shoves, but nothing that led to violence. At least one person was taken into custody after he swiped a person's cell phone, cops said.
“There is nothing radical about this speech tonight,” said one protester. “This speech is racist…Don't be beguiled by a few white men with a few big words…They are the apologists of antisemitism.”
Cernovich — an avid Trump supporter and media personality who's contributed to InfoWars — spent more than an hour speaking at Columbia's Lerner Hall about “The Rise of the Alternative Media.”
He was invited by the student-GOP group, Columbia University College Republicans, or CUCR.
“People wonder why citizen journalism is on the rise, the reason is we are telling stories that no one wants to tell,” Cernovich claimed during his speech. “We're telling the stories that are true.”
Right before he was scheduled to go on, demonstrators were able to gain access to Lerner Hall — amassing in the lobby and chanting, “If we get no justice, then they get no peace.”
Many held up signs saying “Black Lives Matter,” “Dismantle White Supremacy” and “F–k Nazis.”
The protesters included students, city residents and members of the anti-fascist movement, or antifa.
“Punch a Nazi in the face — every nation every race,” the group chanted.
“Racist, sexist, anti-gay — NYPD go away!”
Cernovich was one of the biggest supporters of the Pizzagate conspiracy last year, which falsely claimed that leaders in the Democratic party were involved in a child sex trafficking ring that was being run out of a restaurant in Washington.
The controversial blogger has tried to disassociate himself from the alt-right movement following the deadly events in Charlottesville — instead dubbing himself a member of the “New Right,” which is a phrase he coined last year.
Other right-wing provocateurs, such as Milo Yiannopoulous, have started using the term in the attempt to distance themselves from white nationalists and alt-right leaders like Richard Spencer.
Some of the Columbia students that were involved in the Cernovich protests also demonstrated outside the school earlier this month when anti-Islam activist Tommy Robinson, of the UK, was invited to speak by the CUCR.
More than two dozen people managed to make it inside the venue and were able to disrupt a portion of his speech. Robinson was ultimately forced to end the event early.
Social media users had been hinting that there would be spats of violence at Columbia on Monday night during Cernovich's speech.
In the days leading up to his arrival, school officials warned that anyone who disrupts the event would face disciplinary action. Several people interrupted Cernovich, though it's unclear if they were students or if they'll be punished.
Lifestyle Guru Dr. Joye to Use New Best Selling Book Series To Support National In School PSA, School Fundraising
Dragons Of Romania
End
-- International Enterprises, LLC announced today that the Company has reached an agreement with John M. Hardy Publishing Company to become a keynote corporate partner to the newly formed 'Smart U Interactive' Lifestyle and Music PSA Series.The agreement provides the highly anticipated children's book series, 'Dragons of Romania'', part of a six book series, to be offered to students and their households through the 'Smart U Interactive' PSA Lifestyle & Music Series.John M. Hardy Publishing Company, Houston Texas along with the books' award winning writers and illustrators, Dan Peeler and Charlie Rose of Dallas, Texas, have pledged a portion of the proceeds will be donated back to the schools. The books will become part of the positive lifestyle awareness tour.The agreement is in providing the books to third through eighth grade students affected by the PSA in school program. The second book in the series is due for release on August 5, 2017, right in time for back-to-school for many U.S. students and families.Dr. Joye M. Carter is the first appointed female and African American Chief Medical Examiner in the United States. Dr. Joye has been at the forefront of identifying with some of the world's top forensic cases. Dr. Joye is focused on education serving multiple causes as a renowned advocate to preventive and long term health sciences.Dr. Carter plans to use smart television technology to provide global access to multiple shows surrounding the proactive engagement to viewers. The network is to host multiple inspirational programs to the viewers. This is including future plans to enhance positive lifestyle messages and changes through the support of corporate partnerships such as the one with John M. Hardy Publishing Company.The new smart television network has been preparing for a national in school PSA as a means for 'Smart U Interactive' to provide lifestyle support and encouragement. The program focuses on the medical expertise of Dr. Joye being used to influence and educate student households on social health matters and asking all participants to pledge to live a better lifestyle.The interactive programming is intended to attract viewers from the networks vibrant smart television format. A format engaging to the audiences attracted to the networks vibrant interactive sessions in health and wellness."I am pleased to work with the publishing industry, especially with John M. Hardy Publishing Company to further enhance literacy and educational awareness through these amazing Children's stories. The lessons provided are vital in many ways, none more than taking care of ourselves and our planet," states Dr. Joye Carter, MD.The 'Smart U Interactive' PSA, is providing the platform for Dr. Carter to provide a more robust interactive lifestyle experience to millions of U.S. students and their families. An experience in using positive media options as a means to help motivate and help maintain lifestyle changes.The agreement provides the best selling book series as a cornerstone of literary genius. Genius is using modern trends in the fascination of students towards 'Dragons'. The characters serve as role models of strength, hope and inspiration.These gentle giants are emerging to tell a tale of hope, and environmental protection to earth. The 'Dragons of Romania' are now en route to the U.S. Schools starting this fall. The reality is no one should be alarmed, only happy that they come in support of 'Smart U Interactive' and the schools nationwide being positively affected by their timely arrival.
Senior business figures have called on incoming Minister for Finance Paschal Donohoe to increase spending on capital infrastructure and face down public sector unions seeking pay rises for workers.
New Taoiseach Leo Varadkar appointed Mr Donohoe to the role on Wednesday. He replaces Michael Noonan in the portfolio, who said he would step down when Enda Kenny left office. Mr Donohoe will retain his role as Minister for Public Expenditure.
Ibec chief executive Danny McCoy said Mr Donohoe would bring “prudence with a purpose” in his new role. “I think Paschal has great experience coming into it,” he said.
“He'll be building on the legacy of Michael Noonan and has been with him over the past year anyway. There will be continuity, but with a twist. I think Paschal will be much more ambitious, and more progressive for a modern Ireland. The generational shift is also positive.”
In terms of specifics on policy, Mr McCoy said he expected Mr Donohoe to be “aggressive” on the marginal tax rate. “That needs to come down,” he said. “That's one way of Brexit-proofing ourselves. We're out of kilter even with Britain.
“Irish people hit the top rate of income tax a lot faster than they do in the UK. It will be important for him to amend that. The other thing is the ambition on public investment on infrastructure. We need to double the current rate of 2 per cent of GDP to 4 per cent.”
‘Big issue'
Neill McDonnell, chief executive of the Irish Small and Medium Enterprises Association (Isme), said the “big issue” facing the new Minister was to “stop prioritising current expenditure over capital”.
“Recent indicators suggest the priority is the public service rather than the massive infrastructural deficit,” he said. “We are underinvested and should be fixing that as a priority.
“We're being told what to do with the AIB money. I'm not saying we shouldn't be paying off debt, but we think it is logical to spend at least some of that windfall in taking the prices of housing down.
“We have to start looking at the inefficiencies in the labour market. I'm talking about minimum wage. There were real issues around the USC, as well as the interaction between the tax and social welfare systems.”
Mr McDonnell also said Mr Donohoe would have to stand up to unions, as the drive to restore public sector pay was “immoral and socially corrosive”.
“Nobody is able to justify what is going on in the public sector at the moment except public sector unions,” he said. “The Government has to start governing for the two million in the workforce rather than the 300,000 in the public and semi-State services.
“We have found Paschal receptive. He knows our issues. He is one of the very few Ministers who have spoken honestly on the need to restrain public service pay for everyone in society.
“How can you justify the amount of national wealth we are diverting into the 15 per cent of the workforce that are in the public sector when they're already paid 40 per cent more than the rest of us.
“It's immoral and it's socially corrosive. It shouldn't be happening. We would sincerely hope Paschal Donohoe sticks to his guns.”
‘Real opportunity'
Former secretary general of the Department of Finance John Moran said the “real opportunity” with Mr Donohoe was in bringing the Department of Finance and the Department of Public Expenditure under the control of a single minister.
“A Minister who has been exposed to both sides in the past couple of years will be able to make much more holistic decisions for the economy,” he said.
“Paschal has a very good understanding of infrastructural spending from his time in the Department of Transport particularly. Therefore, he will understand the importance of reinvesting in capital infrastructure as much as current spending on services.
“This gives the new Government a very competent, financially astute Minister who can look at decisions around spending not just in terms of controlling the spending but what's likely to give the best results for the economy.
“We need to increase capital infrastructure and do that in a way that also improves overall quality of life for people in terms of where they can live and how they get from there into work or to school or to play.”
Joe Gilmore, managing director of Ireland West Airport in Knock, said he hoped Mr Donohoe would engage in regional investment.
“We would like further recognition of the strategic importance of the airport to the western region, as well as further investment into the airport's development and the route network from an international point of view,” he said.
“We need to complete the infrastructure build out of the airport, and also to invest in marketing in terms of generating new access into mainland Europe and the US.
Challenges
“We believe he was a good minister for transport. He has been to the airport and is very familiar with the challenges we face as a regional airport in the west of Ireland. We'd be hopeful he will look favourably on the issues ahead of us.”
Matthew Thomas, chief executive of the Shannon Group, which operates several companies in the region including Shannon Airport, Shannon Heritage, and Shannon Commercial Properties, said “strong regions make for a strong national economy”.
“There is potential for further growth but it will not happen of itself,” he said. “We have to create the environment that will make it happen and allow further investment to flow. This must be done particularly in light of Brexit.
“Policies are urgently required to drive regional development and deal with infrastructural deficits to facilitate growth and employment, and we will be looking to the new Minister for Finance to play an active role.”
While online education has opened access to learners worldwide, new Stanford research suggested that a single approach to teaching everyone in an online class may not yield the best outcome, especially when it comes to course completion.
The key, the Stanford researchers said, is to recognize cultural differences among class participants, especially the difference between cultures that celebrate the power of the individual versus those where the good of the group comes first. Instructors can then tailor teaching strategies to best meet the learners' needs, phys.org reported.
In a new study published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, the researchers found that the use of a simple writing activity increased course completion rates for those from individualistic, but not collectivist, cultures. The results support the need for tailored strategies — based on cultural backgrounds — that can be scaled and help millions of learners worldwide.
"Educational researchers have studied students either by observing them in classrooms or through controlled laboratory experiments," said René Kizilcec, a Stanford doctoral candidate in communication and the study's lead author.
"For the first time, we have a lab in an authentic learning environment with large and diverse groups of people participating. Now we can learn much faster about how to support different learners through rapid experimentation and big data."
Online learning has surged in recent years with the proliferation of massive open online courses, or MOOCs, which provide learners of all educational, geographic and socioeconomic backgrounds the opportunity to glean knowledge from experts and scholars around the globe. More than 58 million people have enrolled in MOOCs between 2011 and 2016, according to the researchers.
But despite their popularity, course completion rates for MOOCs are only about 10 percent, and just 25 percent for learners categorized as ‘highly committed', according to the study.
Reasons for high attrition in MOOCs vary. Kizilcec and the study's coauthor, Geoffrey Cohen, a professor at Stanford's Graduate School of Education and Department of Psychology, cite a lack of external or social pressure to complete courses and little support or guidance in online learning environments among them.
Kizilcec's prior research suggested the benefits of psychological intervention strategies to support online learners based on their socioeconomic status. But what effect, if any, those interventions would have when applied to culture was unclear.
That drove Kizilcec and Cohen to explore the issue analyzing individualist cultures, such as the United States, and collectivist cultures, such as China and India. Their study involved 18,000 participants from more than 80 countries who enrolled in two Stanford online courses.
The intervention consisted of a two-part writing activity, lasting about eight minutes. It is based on a psychological strategy that involves weighing positive outcomes against obstacles in the way and identifying ways to overcome those obstacles.
First, participants wrote about two positive outcomes and two obstacles regarding their online course. Second, they crafted ‘if-then' plans for overcoming the obstacles. For example, "If I'm too tired to study after work, then I'll make coffee."
The study involved two similar experiments. When examining the entire data set, Kizilcec and Cohen found that the writing activity had no substantive effect. But when they analyzed the effect along cultural lines, they saw that learners in individualistic cultures were more likely to complete the course — 32 percent more in the first experiment and 15 percent more in the second experiment — following the intervention. By contrast, learners in collectivist cultures did not benefit at all from the intervention.
Upon closer inspection, the researchers found a specific group of online learners that benefited the most: online learners from individualist countries dealing with easily surmountable obstacles, such as work or family obligations. Those learners were 78 percent more likely to complete the course following the intervention.
But when dealing with practical constraints such as no internet connection or a lack of time, the intervention did not have an effect.
NEW ORLEANS (AP) — A woman detained and deported to Mexico in 2013 despite being in the United States legally cannot pursue a wrongful arrest and false imprisonment lawsuit against the government, a federal appeals court ruled Tuesday.
The 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans upheld a Texas-based federal judge's dismissal of the lawsuit by Guadalupe Chaidez Campos.
Chaidez Campos had entered the country illegally in 2012 and was ordered out, according to court records. She pleaded guilty to entering the country illegally and was sentenced to 11 months in prison. While in prison, according to the ruling, she applied for and received a type of legal "nonimmigrant" status granted to some crime victims.
However, when she reported to a probation office in November 2013 with her 1-year-old child and the child's father, she was detained, despite showing proof of her legal status. She was taken back into Mexico that same day, not returning until the following January.
Advertisement
Tuesday's ruling said the government enjoys sovereign immunity from the type of lawsuit Chaidez Campos filed. It said agents were not so unreasonable as to overcome that immunity. The three-judge panel said the agents, who knew of her earlier deportation order, acted within their discretion.
"At worst, what occurred were failures to understand the import of various immigration documents and regulations," Judge Leslie Southwick wrote for the panel.
Attorneys for the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund had argued on behalf of the woman at the 5th Circuit. Representatives of the group did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment Tuesday evening.
Multipurpose Agility Mat to be Fit and Fast Soon to Launch on Indiegogo
Media Contact
JumFit Mat
info@jumfitmat.com JumFit Mat
End
-- A challenging and fun workout is set to unleash super fit and fast heroes among men and women around the world with the launching of the very first eco-friendly Agility Exercise Mat called "JumFit" in April 2018 on Indiegogo.The patent-pending mat takes fitness to the next level. JumFit users can jump, hop, and step in between lines to do agility exercises and plyometric speed jumps. "It is our goal to provide access to elite fitness training for men and women where they can improve not only their strength, flexibility,and balance, but also their agility and speed," said Jane Magallen, Co-founder of JumFit.Multi-Use of JumFitJumFit can be used in regular exercises such as stretching, strength training with or without weights, cardio, HIIT, and now including agility exercises and plyometric speed jumps. "We included a digital Workout Playbook to come with the mat to guide users how to perform series of agility drills and plyometric jumps in just 18 minutes, 3 times a week. It will be emailed to Indiegogo backers.," explained Certified personal trainer and figure skater, Ann Breitenbach.JumFit Mat DesignThe mat is made out of natural rubber backing and a microfiber surface technology which grips better with sweat. With 1730 x 610 mm, 3mm thick dimensions, it provides adequate cushioning fsbdt for any type of exercises. It is packaged with a carry-on strap, allowing users to bring it easily without any mat bag.Being machine washable, it makes cleaning the mat easier when using it with shoes. It can be hanged to dry after and ready to use for another workout. JumFit is available in two design and colors: Functional Charcoal and Enchanted Blue. Functional Charcoal is fitting for any who is a minimalist and a focused fitness enthusiast. Enchanted Blue mimics the color of the waters and is perfect for nature lovers and stretching.This new workout is gaining the interest of fitness enthusiasts between 18-35 with a growing social media followers of over a thousand for both Facebook and Instagram in less than 7 days of setting up their Live Pre-launch Indiegogo page. The official launch for perks of single, two, and five mats will be announced in April this year and subscribers will be notified.JumFit Mat has a pre-launch page that is currently accepting subscribers ready to back the crowdfunding campaign once the launch is live and can be accessed at https://www.indiegogo.com/ projects/jumfit- eco-friendly- mu...
It may sound like a massive cliche, but a survey has found that the likelihood of a long-term relationship being sparked up at the office Christmas party is higher than you might think.
What might have remained subtle flirtations throughout the year, the addition of festive cheer and some Dutch courage often sees office workers progress those romantic feelings at the end of year work do.
via GIPHY
And while you might assume an office party interaction will be a one-off, according to a survey by UK printing company, Instaprint, a massive 53 per cent of those dalliances become a relationship that lasts for more than a year.
Advertisement
The survey of 2000 people concludes the surprisingly high success rate is because often the ingredients for a good relationship are all there:
The two of you already know one another, work in the same industry and, approaching the new year, you're re-evaluating what you want as the harsh realities of singledom set in.
via GIPHY
The same survey found that those who work in Human Resources are likely to party the hardest at a work function: 40 per cent of survey participants from HR said they were nervous about going to work the next day and facing up to their debauchery.
And if you work in IT, it turns out you could have a very eventful Christmas party indeed, with members of IT departments deemed the most likely to kiss someone at their office do.
This story first ran on Thursday May 31
Samoan police have arrested two men after a disturbing video was posted to Facebook that showed a man being threatened while a gun was held to his head.
The footage surfaced after a war between gangs of youths from the Savaii villages of Salelologa and Salelavalu erupted on the weekend.
A terrified looking young man is seen kneeling down in the video, as other men threaten him in the background, before striking him in the head and pushing a gun into his cheek.
According to a translation by the NZ Herald one of the men then tells their captive to speak.
"Shh, say something - louder! Who are you? Are you from Salelologa?
"Apologise to Salelāvalu."
Police Superintendent Auapa'au Logoitino Filipo told the NZ Herald two men have been arrested over the video and have been charged with causing grievous bodily harm and could still face other charges.
They also report that the two men are aged 21 and 36, both are due to appear in court on June 26.
This video comes after footage surfaced on Monday showing armed young men rampaging through the Salelologa Market on Savaii.
The video, which showed the men flipping tables and intimidating innocent bystanders who look on in terror, had over 100,000 views since being posted on Facebook.
One man appears to be armed with a machete, while another carries a long rifle.
According to a report from the Samoa Observer the incident came after men blocked a road leading to the wharf earlier in the day. The men reportedly threw rocks at those stuck in traffic from their blockade and searched vehicles.
The Killers have released a new single titled “The Man.”
Related: The Killers Perform New Track, ‘Run for Cover'
The track is the first new music from the band since their 2012 album Battle Born (assuming you don't count their 2016 Christmas album Don't Waste Your Wishes). Hopefully, this signals a fifth studio effort is imminent.
Check out the latest from The Killers below.
UPSL Quarterfinal Shootout Dethrones Recent Champion Before Thrilling Semifinals, Championship Final Set for Las Vegas
End
-- The excitement hasn't stopped in United Premier Soccer League's Fall Season Playoffs, and it all leads to Las Vegas next Saturday night as FC Anahuac takes on Inter Arizona FC in the UPSL Championship Final.Keeping with its reputation as the tournament's team to beat, Nevada No. 1 seed FC Anahuac defeated Northern Division champions SFV Scorpions FC, 2-0, on Saturday night, Feb. 11.United Premier Soccer League Commission Yan Skwara said, "Las Vegas Anahuac has proven to be a top team in our league the past two seasons and thus seeing Anahuac graduate to the final is not a surprise to many UPSL fans as they are a solid squad from top to bottom. The SFV Scorpions had a good playoff run this season, but Anahuac had a bit more gasoline in the tank to push itself into the Championship final where the team will meet another very tough opponent with Inter Arizona."FC Anahuac (12-1-1) has not lost a game since November, and are led by Owner Manuel Gomez, the father of U.S. Men's National Team great Herculez Gomez.Inter Arizona FC (2-0-0) is a UPSL Arizona Conference expansion team and is scheduled to start play in the 2017 Spring Season.Time and site for the UPSL Championship Final will be announced this week. Tickets will be sold for this event."It will be a great game for fans to watch as we take the UPSL Championship Final for the first time to Las Vegas, Nevada," Skwara said. "The event will a double header, so look for details to be released shortly."On the other side of the UPSL Playoffs Bracket, Inter Arizona FC, a first-time playoff team, upended the tournament's hottest team coming in to the semifinals, scoring a 2-1 win over Ozzy's Laguna FC on Saturday, Feb. 11.Ozzy's Laguna FC, which defeated previously-unbeaten (16-0-0) L.A. Wolves FC in a UPSL Western Division Playoff Game on Sunday, Jan. 29, was coming off a shootout win over FC Strikers South Coast in the quarterfinals.Played over two dates because of a field blackout, Ozzy's Laguna FC and FC Strikers South Coast first ended in a 1-1 draw on Feb. 4. The resulting shootout to determine a winner was postponed until Feb. 11 and before the start of the UPSL Semifinal Round game.Ozzy's Laguna FC won the shootout, 4-2, setting up the game against Inter Arizona FC at Lake Forest Sports Park.The UPSL was formed in 2011 and currently includes more than 50 teams in California, Nevada, Arizona, Idaho, Colorado and New York. UPSL is the fastest growing Pro Development League in the USA, with 60-plus teams targeted for 2017 Spring Season. Each UPSL team is individually owned and operated, and is responsible for maintaining UPSL minimum standards.UPSL teams are all eligible to participate in the U.S. Open Cup Qualifying Rounds through the leagues affiliation with the U.S. Soccer Federation (USSF) and the United States Adult Soccer Association (USASA).More information about UPSL can be found at www.upslsoccer.com or by following the league on Facebook (www.facebook.com/upslsoccer) and Twitter (@upslsoccer)Contact UPSL:info@upslsoccernews.comDirect: 310-415-5691Media Relations:Dennis Popedennis.pope@upslsoccernews.comDirect: 951-675-3963www.upslsoccer.comwww.twitter.com/unitedpremiersoccerleague
TEHRAN: Iran's President Hassan Rouhani inaugurated five new phases of the South Pars gas field on Sunday, the result of some $20 billion in investment, local media reported.
The ribbon-cutting of phases 17-21 pave the way for Iran to surpass the production levels of neighbouring Qatar, which shares half the offshore gas field, Iranian officials said.
“Our production has reached 575 million cubic meters per day,” said Rouhani.
Iran's total gas production is 885 million cubic meters per day.
“At the height of sanctions, with the help of Iranian engineers and workers, we succeeded in developing 11 phases of South Pars,” added Oil Minister Bijan Namadar Zanganeh.
South Pars is the largest known gas reservoir in the world.
Iran has the second-largest gas reserves in the world after Russia, and the fourth-largest oil reserves.
In November, French firm Total signed a preliminary accord worth an estimated $4.8 billion (4.5 billion euros) to help develop phase 11 of South Pars, but has since said it will wait for signals from Washington before finalizing the deal.
Although many sanctions, including on Iran's energy industry, were lifted under a nuclear deal with world powers in 2015, the US has maintained a raft of its own sanctions that continue to hamper investment and cause concern among foreign businesses.
Since the nuclear deal came into effect in January 2016, Iran has increased oil production from 2.6 million barrels per day (bpd) to 3.9 million, while more than doubling its oil exports.
In January, Tehran approved 29 international companies to bid for oil and gas projects.
However, it is still finalizing a new contract for foreign investors —a process that has proved controversial in a country with strong memories of past exploitation by global oil firms.
MIARA, Miara on the shore, is our holiday park on a downfall?
Park regular Derek Peters was in a state of disbelief when he visited Miara Holiday Park.
The holiday park patron said the once beautiful get-away is now the subject of neglect and Mr Peters says it's time for the Bundaberg Regional Council to intervene.
"After many years of coming to Bundaberg for the winter, as a lot of retirees do, I feel that I need to make a statement about the neglect of the beautiful Miara Holiday Park,” he said.
"There is for example a great hole in the road by the foreshore which is an accident waiting to happen it has been like this since I have been here - five weeks and nothing is being done to rectify it.
"It is a danger to all who stay here and what about all the foreshore stabilising work that was approved three years ago?”
Mr Peters said nothing has been done to stabilise and improve the foreshore and is pleading for a change.
"It is a shame to see an area touted as the coral coasts best kept secret declining so rapidly,” he said.
"Please councillors get out here and see for yourselves and do something about it without passing the duck again.”
A council spokesman said the severe damage to the foreshore was caused by the cyclonic weather that hit the region earlier this year.
"Following Cyclone Debbie which impacted the Miara area in late March and early April this year beach erosion caused significant track damage near the holiday park,” the spokesman said
"Repair work on that damage will commence this week following a pre-start meeting with the local contractor last week. The repair work should be completed within a couple of weeks.”
Council is currently seeking to re-enliven an approval relating to foreshore stabilisation work at Miara in the vicinity of the holiday park, and is awaiting determination through the Planning and Environment Court.
MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — A Somali police officer says a suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at a security checkpoint near Mogadishu's international airport, killing at least three people.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says the bomb detonated Monday as security forces were searching cars at the checkpoint, a few hundred meters (yards) from the main base of the African Union peacekeeping mission.
The checkpoint is close to United Nations offices and the Peace Hotel, which is often frequented by foreigners and officials. The powerful blast blew roofs off nearby buildings.
A second blast and heavy gunfire could be heard at the checkpoint after the attack, but there were no immediate details.
The al-Qaida-linked Islamic extremist group al-Shabab, which often carries out such attacks, quickly claimed responsibility for Monday's attack through its radio arm, Andalus.
Despite being ousted from most of its key strongholds across large parts of south and central Somalia, the homegrown group continues to wage deadly attacks across the country.
Somalia's capital has seen frequent bomb attacks at hotels and military checkpoints. In July, two al-Shabab suicide bombers detonated explosives-laden cars outside the office of the U.N.'s mine-clearing agency and an army checkpoint near the African Union's main base, killing 13.
The assaults have threatened this Horn of Africa nation's attempts to rebuild from decades of chaos. The country's presidential election, a key step toward recovery, already has been delayed multiple times because of security and other concerns.
JERUSALEM (AP) — With the prime minister facing a slew of corruption allegations, the peace process at a standstill and the government moving to stifle critics, it is no secret that Israel is a deeply polarized nation. But a new survey released on Tuesday shows just how divided the country has become.
The annual Israeli Democracy Index found that 45 percent, or just under half of Israelis, believe the country's democratic system of government is in serious danger. But the survey found very different sentiment among different parts of the population.
Just 23 percent of Jewish right-wing and religious voters, the base of support for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's government, fear that Israel's democracy is in danger. Yet among Jewish left-wing voters found in the opposition that number jumps to 72 percent, even higher than the 65 percent of Arab citizens of Israel who feel that way.
Netanyahu's government, which took office in 2015, is dominated by religious and nationalist parties, many of whom have taken an increasingly hard line against perceived critics of the government.
Advertisement
His culture minister, for example, has moved to block funding to theaters that produce plays critical of the government or that refuse to perform in West Bank settlements. In recent months, Netanyahu and his supporters have responded to various corruption investigations by attacking Israel's media, law enforcement, judiciary and other so-called "elites" he believes are bent on his removal.
Netanyahu's tactics have drawn comparisons to his friend, U.S. President Donald Trump, whose own war against the media and liberal critics propelled him to victory in last year's election.
According to Tuesday's survey, nearly three-quarters of Jewish right-wing voters believe "the leftist judiciary, media and academia interfere with the elected right wing's ability to rule." On the other hand, 79 percent of secular Jews believe "the religious population is gradually taking control of the state."
Yohanan Plesner, president of the Israel Democracy Institute, a respected think tank that sponsors the survey, said the country is riven by "fundamental differences of opinion," not only between Arabs and Jews and not only on questions of security.
"Within the Jewish Israeli public, deep and ongoing disagreements exist regarding the proper balance between Jewish and democratic values of the state," he said.
The survey found widespread dissatisfaction with the country's politicians. It found 68 percent of all respondents felt that parliament members do not perform their duties properly, and 80 percent believe politicians are more concerned with their personal interests than those of their constituents.
Tamar Hermann, an Israeli professor who led the research, said that while the dissatisfaction levels were similar to last year's survey, this year there was a marked increase in people who believe the country's overall situation is good, to 48 percent from 36.5 percent last year. Nearly three-quarters of Israelis are satisfied with their personal situations.
Hermann, academic director of the institute's Guttman Center for Public Opinion and Policy Research, said this contrast was striking.
"You see the politicians as if they live on another planet, whereas the public lives on this planet," she said. "In a way, it is possible to live a quite good life on the public planet, whereas on the politicians' planet the situation is quite dismal."
The study interviewed 1,024 people and had a margin of error of 3.1 percentage points. The margin increased to 3.4 points for Jewish respondents and 7.9 points for the smaller Arab sample size. The research was conducted in May, but took months to analyze and publish. Hermann said, however, that public opinion on such issues is "pretty stable."
Stafford Global: Bringing the University to You Since 1993
Education Free Zone, Ras Al Khaimah Free Zone Authority, United Arab Emirates
People who attend our open days or webinars are exposed to some of the most pressing questions about pursing an online or distance learning program. Speak to an academic or an admissions expert ONLINE to learn more about how Stafford can cater to all your educational requirements.
Who is invited: Allworking professionals looking to enhance their qualification and upgrade their careers.
Webinars (prior registration required to receive the webinar link)
Edinburgh Napier University
MBA Webinar
8th May 2018
7:30 pm to 8:30 pm
If you choose to attend one of the above open days, please bring along your CV and certificate and mark sheets to get a free CV review and assessment to check your eligibility for available undergraduate and postgraduate programs.
Our partners:
University of Leicester
University of Northampton
University of Nottingham
University of Dundee
Edinburgh Napier University
To register for one of the above events, please visit ourevents page on our blog.
Alternatively, speak to a consultant directlyby requesting a call back.
Media Contact: info@staffordglobal.org / marketing@staffordglobal.org
Register: https://blog.staffordglobal.org/events/edinburgh-napier-university-mba-middle-east-webinar
Due to the increasing number of natural and man-made disasters, mass casualty incidents occur more often than ever before. As a result, health care providers need to adapt in order to cope with the overwhelming patient surge. To ensure quality and safety in health care, accurate information in pandemic disease control, death reduction, and health quality promotion should be highlighted. However, obtaining precise information in real time is an enormous challenge to all researchers of the field. In this paper, innovative strategies are presented to develop a sound information network using the concept of “witness sensors.” To overcome the reliability and quality limitations of information obtained through social media, researchers must focus on developing solutions that secure the authenticity of social media messages, especially for matters related to health. To address this challenge, we introduce a novel concept based on the two elements of “witness” and “sensor.” Witness sensors can be key players designated to minimize limitations to quality of information and to distinguish fact from fiction during critical events. In order to enhance health communication practices and deliver valid information to end users, the education and management of witness sensors should be further investigated, especially for implementation during mass casualty incidents and epidemic outbreaks.
Background
Due to the increasing number of natural and man-made disasters, mass casualty incidents occur more often than ever before. As a result, health care providers need to adapt in order to cope with the overwhelming patient surge [ ]. To ensure quality and safety in health care, accurate information in pandemic disease control, death reduction, and health quality promotion is critical [ - ]. However, obtaining precise information in real time during a mass casualty incident is an enormous challenge to all researchers in the field. In this paper, innovative strategies are presented, in order to develop a sound information network using the concept of “witness sensors.”
What Is Witness Sensors?
The term “witness” can be found in vital sectors of several medical fields, especially in emergency and disaster medicine. For instance, many reports emphasize the crucial role of bystanders in out-of-hospital cardiac arrests. These bystanders perform cardiopulmonary resuscitation or use automated external defibrillators [ - ]. When it comes to disaster medicine, the first witness usually initiates the systems of pre-hospital emergency medical services (EMS). However, while continuous messages from witnesses flood social media, a major dilemma arises. Should quantity of data be valued over quality? In order to overcome the reliability and quality limitations of the information emerging from social media, researchers must pay significant attention to developing solutions that verify the authenticity of the messages, especially for matters related to health. In this research, we introduce a novel concept that is based on the two elements of “witness” and “sensor” to address this challenge.
Witness sensors respond in a similar way to physical sensors, since they interact and report in real time. Physical sensors are calibrated and modulated prior to any operation so that only the signals from qualified physical sensors are accepted. Likewise, for the witness sensor, training, management, and accreditation policies are critical and should therefore be further investigated prior to executing this concept.
Why Witness Sensors?
These days, the use of social media is an integral part of our daily life. As a consequence, information from witnesses can spread fast and far during catastrophic events [ ]. This active and multisourced information is essential during disasters, and it leads to a huge number of messages and posts flooding the Internet. However, the quality and accuracy of some of these data may be questionable.
Nevertheless, the value of witnesses should not be ignored, especially in applied medical practices. For example, a magnitude 6.4 earthquake struck southern Taiwan at 03:57 on Feb. 6, 2016, and caused 513 injuries [ ]. Remarkably at 04:05, several messages and images were reported in a discussion group on the widely used instant communication/social media app “LINE” in Taiwan, administered by local emergency medical technicians (EMTs). The major EMS responders were dispatched to the disaster area a few minutes later based on the details provided of the damage. Additionally, all the information was monitored by the fire department, response hospitals, and local government.
Owing to the high-quality information from the local EMTs, a temporary Emergency Response Center was set up immediately by the local government at 06:00 to manage and control the event. The incident command system responded efficiently, due to the precise information given primarily by specific witnesses.
However, this does not always apply in general witness cases. Two individuals shared fake posts on social media causing people to panic during a magnitude 6.0 earthquake that occurred in the same city a year later, at 01:12 on Feb. 11, 2017.
‎ Figure 1. The different information pathways during a disaster between witness sensors and non-witness sensors. View this figure
Such phenomena appear globally and although there are mechanisms to prevent such incidents, retrieving and verifying information from witnesses is still a challenge to researchers. The concept of witness sensors is illustrated in . Incorrect and questionable information will be ignored while the data from witness sensors are applied as principal references. In addition, qualified witness sensors could ensure the validity and dependability of communication, potentially leading to a paradigm shift in social media.
Similar Cases of Witness Sensors
In Taiwan, several cases based on witnesses and/or volunteers have been applied successfully, mainly for the inspection of traffic and flood events. Real-time reporting of traffic conditions is one such case, which has been well implemented by the Police Broadcasting Service (National Police Agency, Ministry of Interior, Taiwan), online and on radio. The Police Broadcasting Service collects all the incoming information from witnesses and then disseminates that information to road users and to relevant agencies for adequate response and treatment. However, once again, the information quality from general witnesses is not always accurate and truthful, which leads to the need for additional confirmation and accreditation processes by other witnesses or traffic police officers.
This is one of the reasons why the witness sensors should be differentiated from general witnesses; qualification criteria are needed in order to be approved to provide valid information. The precise data collected from witness sensors could produce more reliable and valuable information for all users, especially during or after extreme events.
Training Plan for Witness Sensors
The central dogma of witness sensors is to prevent or reduce the loss of lives during extreme events. The information given by qualified witness sensors could act as a reliable and safe source to corresponding decision makers, compared to data obtained from average social media users. The information pathway is similar to that of social networks, but the response behavior and purpose aim to direct accurate observations to emergency needs instead of personal opinions and embellishments.
Based on our strategy, volunteers will be invited and classified to three levels of witness sensor (WS): WS I, WS II, and WS III. The training goal of WS I is to report on-scene events with true facts, while WS II must report substantial evidence, as well as participate in measurement and evaluation practices. The WS III is a professional level of witness sensors, responsible for in-depth investigations and comprehensive interpretations. In this case, EMTs and members of Disaster Medical Assistance Teams would be the most appropriate candidates for WS III. Each level of witness sensor may not only act as an information peer, but also contribute to the emergency response of affected groups, when necessary.
Benefits to Health Quality and Safety
Many researchers have welcomed the general benefits of social media to public health [ , ]. Some of the benefits include increased interaction with different groups, open source information, increased accessibility to global health information, support at multiple levels (eg, peer, social, emotional, as well as public health surveillance), and potential to enhance health policies. Even so, there are many limitations when using social media, especially in developing a robust and comprehensive evaluation mechanism to complement the quality concerns and lack of reliability [ ].
Hence, the messages and details from witness sensors could not only promote quality information shared through social media, but also become a prototype model for screening the enormously uncertain health information that resides on the Internet. The witness sensors could improve the reliability of primary data and accelerate the tracking of information sources, since these are fundamental issues during pandemic outbreaks or catastrophic events.
Conclusions
Social media and information exchanges on the Internet have become a major communication tool for health providers and users. In this paper, we proposed witness sensors as key players designated to alleviate possible limitations to accuracy of information and to distinguish fact from fiction during critical events. In order to enhance health communication practices and deliver valid information to end users, the education and management of witness sensors should be further investigated, especially for implementation during mass casualty incidents and epidemic outbreaks.
One of Ireland's most decorated missionaries, Columban priest Fr Patrick James McGlinchey (89), has died in South Korea where he had been since 1953. From Raphoe in Co Donegal his work earned him South Korea's highest national honour, the National Recommendation Award, in 2014; the Ramon Magsaysay Award in 1975; the Jeju Culture Prize in 2002; and Ireland's Presidential Distinguished Service Award in 2015.
The latter award recognises the contribution of Irish people living abroad to both their newfound homes and the greater Irish community.
The priest was 26 when he went to South Korea's Jeju Island and found it in poverty. He set about trying to improve conditions in any way he could, primarily through agricultural training.
With a perimeter of 120 miles and up to 70 miles off the southern coast of the mainland, Jeju is by far the largest island in South Korea.
In addition to introducing modern farming methods there, Fr McGlinchey founded St Isidore Farm in 1961 where he used the latest farming techniques from Ireland. It remains thriving to this day. He also introduced the first credit union to the island.
The farm was a success and its profits helped establish, among other things, a clinic, a nursing home, a hospice, and a youth centre.A wool processing and weaving factory was also t up
Irish Ambassador to Korea Aingeal O'Donoghue visited Isidore Farm in February 2015, where she presented the Presidential Distinguished Service Award to Fr McGlinchey. She said he had brought “a unique blend of spiritual leadership and an array of practical initiatives to help lift thousands of Jeju citizens out of poverty.”
Are you looking for safe and efficient remediation and reclamation services? No problem!
New Order's staff has the experience needed to design and implement remediation and reclamation approaches that focuses on attaining safe and high-quality results.
New Order Environmental Services provides expert radiological remediation and reclamation services to state regulatory agencies, management organizations, and enterprises engaged in mining. The professional and expert team understands the importance of developing sustainable solutions that prevent future adverse effects. Therefore, we employ the best management practices and use cutting-edge technologies to design and implement groundbreaking, economical solutions to the environmental challenges faced at active and abandoned sites.
Our main objective is to provide the highest quality service utilizing the most advanced and effective technologies in order to implement the best solutions and achieve results in the timeliest manner possible. We have team of industry leading experts who utilize their advanced and cutting-edge ideas into each project, increasing productivity and reducing expenses while meeting all regulatory requirements.
New Order Environmental Services ensures high-quality performance with unparalleled services in the industry. We serve our clients with honesty and provide reliable, safe, and high-quality results. Our commitment to working together provides more value and builds a better working atmosphere for everyone.
For more information on radiological remediation and reclamation contact us at 1(888)522-7132 or visit: www.neworderenvironmental.com
The Government is unlikely to put a name forward for upcoming openings at the top of the euro-zone's banking supervision authority, as it concentrates its efforts on securing a European Central Bank (ECB) executive board job for Philip Lane early next year, according to sources. Deputy Central Bank of Ireland governor, Sharon Donnery, was reported on Wednesday to be among potential candidates to succeed the ECB's banking supervision chair, Daniele Nouy, whose term comes to an end in December. Joe Brennan has the details.
BWG Foods, the owner of the Spar franchise in Ireland, has refinanced its debts estimated at about €220 million. It is understood the new banking facility has freed up a €33 million warchest for BWG to spend on fresh acquisitions. Mark Paul reports.
The head of the State's debt office has said that the steady performance of Irish government bonds in the face of recent market turbulence sparked by Italy's political crisis is evidence that investors have “reclassified” the nation's creditworthiness, writes Joe Brennan.
Hamburg will make history on Thursday as it imposes the first inner-city ban on trucks and older diesel cars, in a bid to improve air quality in Germany's second city, writes Derek Scally, our Berlin correspondent .
“Persistently” high private debt levels pose a serious risk to Ireland's economic outlook , the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development has warned. Eoin Burke-Kennedy reports.
Our resident big brain, Cantillon, asks whether the Irish economy is over-heating and ponders the fluctuating fortunes of Ocado and M&S.
In her weekly column Karlin Lillington pays tribute to Mary Mulvihill, a science journalism pioneer who blazed a trail for women.
Ciara O'Brien wonders whether equity crowd-funding is too good to be true.
Charlie Taylor tells us how a Dublin-based company is boxing cleverly to expand into financial services and utilities.
You have to admire Fujifilm, launching an analogue camera in a digital world, ploughing its own path, one instant photo at a time, writes Ciara O'Brien, as she puts it through its paces.
GDPR is successfully forcing politicians, companies and the general public to recognise the value of personal data, writes Chris Horn. The trade-off between personal privacy and law enforcement is a political and philosophical boundary for society.
Neil Briscoe hears that the new the Jaguar Land Rover research facility in Shannon is key to its future development.
The Met Office has issued a yellow warning for snow and ice across Northern Ireland.
The alert, issued on Saturday morning, applies between 9pm on Monday, February 5 and 3pm on Tuesday, February 6.
The warning applies to most parts of the United Kingdom with the national forecaster stating: "A spell of rain, sleet and increasingly snow will move east across the UK on Monday night and Tuesday, gradually weakening across England and Wales.
"Some roads and railways may be affected with longer journey times by road, bus and train services. As rain, sleet and snow clears Northern Ireland and Scotland overnight, ice may form on some untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths."
Aaron Rodgers vs. Eli Manning will headline the NFL's wild-card weekend.
Rodgers tossed four touchdown passes to help the Green Bay Packers capture the NFC North title with a 31-24 victory over the Detroit Lions on Sunday night.
The Packers (10-6) will host the Giants (11-5) next Sunday while the Lions (9-7) visit Seattle (10-5-1) on Saturday night.
New York's 19-10 win at Washington eliminated the Redskins (8-7-1) and allowed the Packers and Lions to secure playoff spots before their game kicked off. But the teams are heading in opposite directions. The Packers have won six in a row while the Lions lost three straight.
Earlier in the day, Matt Ryan and the Atlanta Falcons (11-5) secured a first-round bye with a 38-32 win over New Orleans. The Seahawks beat San Francisco 25-23 and earned the No. 3 seed.
The Cowboys (13-3) already locked up the NFC's No. 1 seed before they played last week.
In the AFC, Tom Brady and the Patriots (14-2) beat Miami 35-14 to secure the No. 1 seed and home-field advantage throughout the playoffs. The Chiefs (12-4) clinched a first-round bye thanks to Denver's win over Oakland coupled with their victory over San Diego.
The Raiders (12-4) fell from No. 2 to the fifth spot and will open the playoffs on the road at Houston (9-7). That matchup could feature rookie quarterback Connor Cook making his first career start for the Raiders after they lost Derek Carr last week and backup Matt McGloin went down in the second quarter against the Broncos.
The Texans also have uncertainty at quarterback. Tom Savage sustained a concussion in a loss at Tennessee and was replaced by former starter Brock Osweiler.
The Steelers (11-5) will host the Dolphins (10-6) in the AFC's other wild-card game.
Here's a look at the playoff teams by seed:
AFC
1. NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS: Brady and coach Bill Belichick will begin their quest for a fifth Super Bowl championship against either Houston, Oakland or Miami on Jan. 14 at 8:15 p.m.
2. KANSAS CITY CHIEFS: Coach Andy Reid is 3-0 in divisional playoff games when his team has a bye. All three wins came with the Eagles. The Chiefs open against Pittsburgh, Houston or Oakland on Jan. 15 at 1:05 p.m.
3. PITTSBURGH STEELERS: Ben Roethlisberger, Le'Veon Bell and Antonio Brown had an early bye. They sat out an overtime win over Cleveland in preparation for the Dolphins next Sunday at 1:05 p.m.
4. HOUSTON TEXANS: They need to sort out their quarterback issues before the Raiders visit next Saturday at 4:35 p.m. Oakland beat Houston 27-20 in Mexico City on Nov. 21.
5. OAKLAND RAIDERS: Carr's season-ending injury deflated a team making its first playoff appearance since losing the 2003 Super Bowl to Tampa Bay.
6. MIAMI DOLPHINS: It's unknown whether QB Ryan Tannehill will return from injury when the Dolphins play their first playoff game in eight years. Matt Moore was 2-1 in Tannehill's absence.
NFC
1. DALLAS COWBOYS: Dak Prescott only played two series and Ezekiel Elliott sat out a loss at Philadelphia to get ready for the playoffs. The Cowboys will open against Green Bay, New York or Detroit on Jan. 15 at 4:40 p.m.
2. ATLANTA FALCONS: They will host Seattle, Green Bay or New York on Jan. 14 at 4:35 p.m.
3. SEATTLE SEAHAWKS: Russell Wilson and the Seahawks start their drive for a third NFC championship title in four seasons against the Lions next Saturday at 8:15 p.m.
4. GREEN BAY PACKERS: Rodgers has the Packers riding high into the playoffs. They were a No. 6 seed in 2010 when the last won a Super Bowl. Green Bay plays the Giants in this season's final wild-card game next Sunday at 4:40 p.m.
5. NEW YORK GIANTS: Were locked into the No. 5 seed, but Manning played the entire game and the Giants knocked out the Redskins. Manning has won two playoff games at Lambeau Field, beating Brett Favre and the Packers in a frigid NFC championship game following the 2007 season.
6. DETROIT LIONS: Wilson, Richard Sherman and The 12s stand in the way of Detroit's first playoff win since the 1991 season.
NEW YORK (AP) — AVOIDING LAST-MINUTE TAX MISTAKES
Business owners can find it a tall order to complete their tax returns while also running their companies. When an owner is distracted, or not paying close attention to IRS rules, that's when mistakes happen. Some of the common ones to avoid:
—If you're a freelancer or independent contractor, make sure you have all the 1099 forms you need from people or companies you've worked for. If you file your return and you're missing any of your 1099s, you'll be hearing from the IRS. The government cross-checks the 1099 copies it gets with the amount of income you report, and if there's a discrepancy, the IRS will want to know why.
—If your business is a partnership, be sure the income and deductions reported to the IRS on your firm's Schedule K-1, Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, Credits, etc., matches what you report on your Form 1040. If you find an error on the K-1, make sure the form is corrected before you file your return.
Advertisement
—If you're deducting the cost of business meals and entertainment, you can claim only half the amount you spent.
—If you want to take a deduction for a home office, you must have been using the office exclusively and regularly as your principal place of business. If the office is a desk in the corner of your family room, it's not likely to pass muster with the IRS.
—If you drive your car for business and personal use, make sure you get as big a deduction as the law allows. The IRS gives you two choices; the first is a standard deduction of 53.5 cents per mile the car was driven for business. The second alternative is a portion of expenses like gas, insurance, lease payments and maintenance that is prorated to the amount the car was used for business. You should calculate your costs using both methods to be sure you get the biggest deduction allowable.
STARTING A BUSINESS ON A TIGHT BUDGET
Many people who want to start a company say they can't, because they don't have enough startup funds. SCORE, the organization that gives free counseling to small businesses, is sponsoring an online seminar on how to launch a company on a tight budget. It will be held Tuesday, March 27, at 1 p.m. Eastern time. You can learn more and register at http://bit.ly/2pr3H5p .
_____
Follow Joyce Rosenberg at www.twitter.com/JoyceMRosenberg . Her work can be found here: https://apnews.com/search/joyce%20rosenberg
Fresh calls are being made for more kidney donors in the face of a chronic shortage of organs for those on waiting lists for transplants.
More than 400 people in New Zealand are on the deceased donor list, including Hawke's Bay's Colin Simpson who about 10 years ago was diagnosed with polycystic kidneys.
He was told at the time he would be likely to require dialysis in another five years, but with lifestyle and dietary changes he extended that until recently when he had an operation to remove one of his kidneys.
Now running on one kidney, he started dialysis about five months ago, which he administers three days a week for five hours a day, and he said he was going to increase that to four days a week.
Advertisement
The Hawke's Bay Scrap Metal manager said he carried out his dialysis at home rather than at the hospital so he could still work, but it took up a large chunk of his life.
"It takes about an hour to set up the machine and get the needles sorted out, and then I am on it for five hours and it takes another hour to get off the machine.
"I often have little energy but I have to keep working - if you don't work you start to get grumpy."
Mr Simpson needs a new kidney, and wants to raise awareness of the shortage of live kidney donations to support the many sufferers.
"You hear about cancer and everything else but you don't hear about patients on dialysis, and there's so many of them."
His wife had already been ruled out as a suitable donor, and his daughter was prepared to donate but had to overcome her own health and weight issues first.
"It's very hard I find to go to people and tell them you need a kidney - but I'm getting to the stage where I have to get serious about it."
Mr Simpson's doctors had told him that if he did not have a kidney transplant within the next year and a half, it would no longer be a viable option for him, so he feels like the clock is ticking.
"Hopefully something like this will inspire people to look into it, not just for me but for all the others out there in the same position."
He said what kept him going was the nurses in the renal clinic who provided great comfort.
Hawke's Bay DHB living kidney donor co-ordinator Merryn Jones said that in 2015 there were 147 kidney transplants, 73 from deceased donations and 74 live donor transplants.
"We need more living donors to help give people with end-stage renal failure their quality of life back," she said.
Although people may register as organ donors on their driver's licence, they often assumed those organs would be available for distribution upon their death. However there were limited circumstances whereby this could happen.
"Kidneys, like the heart, rely on a good blood flow, and as such can only be procured from a person who has died while they are on life support.
"The gold standard is to have a live transplant - we have several months to do the testing to confirm that person is the best match for the recipient, and surgery can be planned so the kidney is not out of the body for too long."
She said that giving a kidney was giving the gift of life.
"We desperately need more donors - people are incredibly grateful when someone offers - it's very hard to ask for a kidney."
She said testing for donor suitability was free, and the transformation when a transplant was completed was almost immediate, improving that person's quality of life and extending their life.
To find out more about donating a kidney contact Merryn.Jones@hawkesbaydhb.govt.nz
Text My Main Number is a leading landline texting service provider that offers landline texting for business across the world. The company has the most advanced text to landline solution to offer to their clients. Recently, the spokesperson of the company made an announcement about their all simple to advanced texting to landline features available in their text to landline solution.
“We had certain texting features already and we have developed new recently. We have also enhanced the old texting features to provide the best landline texting service to our clients.”, shared Ash Vyas, Director of Operations of the company.
She briefed each of the features which are described below:
Text to Landline/Mobile
Our simple texting to landline feature let our customers send and / or receive SMS and / or MMS over a landline or toll free number. The business can send message to any other text enabled landline, toll free number and / or any mobile phone. The mobile phone doesn't need to use any additional application or service to access the message sent by our text to landline solution. The business can also schedule the message to send at the specific date and time. It is very useful in routine communication.
Bulk Texting
We allow sending a single message to multiple people in a single click. Our text to landline solution supports bulk texting to numbers, saved contacts, groups and any combination of the numbers, groups and saved contacts. It saves a lot of time when you need to send the same message to multiple people in a single click.
Group Texting
Our text to landline solution comes with a contact management and grouping feature. Once you make a group, then you can use the group texting feature to send a message to the people in the saved group. This is helpful when you want to send an alert, notification or announcement to a specific group of people.
Chat
It is texting only, but you get a chat widget to have a text based chat with your saved contacts and / or any other contacts. This is a great feature to respond to the queries of your customers or to provide chat based support.
Multi Chat
Our text to landline solution supports multiple chat at the same time. It means you can open multiple chat windows to have a real time communication with multiple people at the same time. This works amazingly to handle multiple queries at the same time compared to traditional calling, in which, you need to answer only one person at a time and others are waiting in a call queue.
Group Chat
This feature allows you to chat with multiple people as a group in a single chat window. You can add your internal team as well as external contacts to have a group chat.
“We have many more features in our text to landline solution. These are the texting features which are used for various types of text based conversations.”, shared spokesperson of the company.
About Text My Main Number
It is a landline texting company that offers best in the industry landline texting service. To explore all features of their text to landline solution, please visit http://textmymainnumber.com/text-to-landline-features/
Photo illustration by Slate. Photos by Matt Petit/ABC via Getty Images, Astrid Stawiarz/Getty Images for SiriusXM, and Thinkstock.
Early Wednesday morning, Roseanne Barr blamed her racist, TV show-canceling tweets on Ambien, the popular prescription drug used for the short-term treatment of insomnia. In addition to saying that she had only compared former Obama aide Valerie Jarrett to an ape because she was “Ambien tweeting,” she added that it's not the only weird thing she's done on the drug—she's also cracked eggs on the wall.
This “explanation” falls flat to anyone who has ever glanced at Roseanne Barr's Twitter feed—it's pretty clear that she is racist with or without the drug. Ambien producer Sanofi felt compelled to tweet out that “racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
But Ambien is associated with some unfortunate side effects, and some may explain why Barr seemed to think she could use the medication as a cover in the first place.
Around 10 percent of users experience headaches, dizziness, and drowsiness, and between 1 and 4 percent report weird psychiatric effects, including hallucination and disorientation. An even smaller amount, less than 1 percent, report abnormal or aggressive behavior. Then there are the sleep walkers and talkers. According to an article in the Journal of the American Academy of Psychiatry and the Law, unconscious Ambien users have been known to engage in “sleep driving, sleep cooking, sleep eating, sleep conversations, and, rarely, sleep sex” with no memory of the activity the following day. Such behaviors are also creating a number of legal side effects, with people claiming “the pill made me do it” or “I was asleep” as a defense (it's not clear which Barr is trying to invoke).
Some people can't remember the things they do while on Ambien, but many others do recall their time under its effects. An “Ambien trip” has become the popular term for the trippy, buzzy sensation the drug induces if the user stays awake—accidentally or otherwise. Depending on who you ask, tripping on Ambien can induce a “pleasant little buzz;” a feeling of drunkenness; reduced anxiety and inhibitions; hallucinations, “crazy ass visuals,” and seeing movement in the corner of your vision; auditory distortion, “especially of repetitive (trains, fans) sounds;” a body high that is “a mix between Xanax and DXM;” and, to use a medical term, a “mindfuck.”
One user trying to get to sleep saw “an entire battlefield on my blanket,” while another insomniac reported:
There were gnomes sitting at the end of my bed. One on each corner. I was their translator and they kept verbally fighting. It reminded me of Italians yelling at each other, but in a gnome language. I actually got out of bed and walked to my sister's room to tell her about the instructions they gave me. That stuff is crazy if you don't fall asleep right away.
In a Thought Catalog post, Ambien user Ryan O'Connell writes that it's something of a race to get to sleep before these effects kick in. If you are trying to avoid them that is. Some recreational users actually induce an Ambien trip intentionally, fighting off sleep to enjoy the drug's “almost-psychedelic” qualities. Ambien can be swallowed, snorted, or smoked, and some people who go to parties on it say it doesn't make them tired if they don't lie down. One Reddit “researcher” compares the effects to “staying awake for three days in a pill.” Apparently the distorted state of mind that comes about from extreme sleep deprivation feels something like this:
one of my favorite states of mind is the collapse of normal function after 70-100 hours of being awake. your mind works in strange, either genius or chaotic ways. people on the corners of your vision that you know arent there. a pen drops in the next room fells [sic] like it sent the sound in a wave across the ground, shimmering and titillating like it was full of electric energy. echoing into each room, along the floors… back and forth, I can't tell how far away my dresser is. sometimes, 20 feet or so, and sometimes right in front of me… tapping my finger across a sheet, with my imagination filling in the blanks, can create beautiful music that no one would understand but me…
This is bizarre and disorienting, of course, to the point that it maybe even explains why Barr would think to blame her abhorrent outburst on the drug. It's trippy, it's legal, it's not linked to any embarrassing medical condition. Of course, she seems unlikely to get any traction with this claim—experts say it was unlikely Ambien caused Barr to tweet unconsciously. Dr. Rachel Salas, an associate professor of neurology at Johns Hopkins Medicine, told CNN that patients sometimes send texts in their Ambien-induced sleep, but they are usually incoherent.
So yes, Ambien can be mind-bending. But there's no good reason to think Ambien made Barr more racist than usual—perhaps it just made her less inhibited.
The New Zealand men's sevens side have gotten off to a winning start in Hamilton today, defeating their first opponents France 52-7.
Playing in their first home tournament under new coach Clark Laidlaw, New Zealand didn't have to wait long to get on the score-sheet, with Joe Ravouvou opening the scoring for the hosts almost immediately after the kick off.
Tim Mikkelson added to France woes, going over just minutes later for his 198th career sevens try.
Captain Scott Curry was the next to cash in on France's defensive frailties, finishing off a free-flowing team move late in the first half.
In a rampant first half, New Zealand laid on four tries against their overwhelmed opponents, with Sione Molia the last to score for the hosts before the break.
Curry grabbed his second try of the match shortly into the second half after a brilliant run from 18-year old Caleb Clarke, before France finally got on the score-sheet through Jean Baptiste Manevy.
New Zealand responded to conceding, as Regan Ware scored New Zealand's six try, before Etene Nanai-Seturo crossed over with a brilliant solo effort.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Chinese fantasy role playing game has 50m active players
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
A terminal block is defined as an electric connector in which the wires are clamped down to the metal part by a screw. It allows more than one circuit to connect to another and often contains two long aluminum or copper strips designed to link different components. These strips create a bus bar for power distribution which is sent to the connected components. Terminal blocks are modular, insulated blocks which unite two or more wires and are usually made of an insulating body and a clamping device to complete the connection. They include a broad range of fixed-mount and pluggable European cage clamps, U.S.-style screw clamps, spring clamp-style wire-to-board and wire-to-wire blocks, and related headers.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/terminal-block-market.html
The global terminal block market can be segmented on the basis of type, application, and geography. In terms of type, the market is divided into the following categories: barriers, sectional, printed circuit board (PCB), and power. The barriers segment is further split into the single row and double row divisions, the sectional segment into Nema (American style) and IEC (European style) divisions, and the PCB segment into fixed and pluggable divisions. Applications of terminal blocks include business equipment, HVAC, power supplies, industry controls, instruments, telecom equipment, and transportation.
This market is driven by factors such as the increasing demand for multipurpose, multifunctional, intelligent, finger-safe terminal blocks; the ever-expanding PCB market; advancements in various connection technologies; and the product's growing adoption in the telecom sector. Industry controls and HVAC are estimated to contribute a major market share during the forecast period. Developments in termination technologies of terminal blocks intended for usage in more rugged applications such as instrumentation, industry controls, and data acquisition spur their growth.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=21506
Rapid urbanization, rising disposable incomes, strict energy regulations, financial incentives through tax credit programs for energy-efficient HVAC systems, and technological innovations also play a part in motivating the HVAC industry which eventually fuels the demand for terminal blocks in this industry.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham Children's Hospital is among the most expensive in England for parking - for both staff and patients.
It will set you back an average of £2 an hour to park at the hospital, one of the highest average hourly rates in England. The price for staff is the same, making it the joint most expensive place for hospital employees to park.
The cost of parking at the hospital is the same as in 2015/16, according to figures from the Estates Return Information Collection published by NHS Digital.
Parking prices at the Royal Orthopaedic Hospital have risen by a quarter in a year, from an average of £1.33 per hour in 2015/16 to £1.66 per hour in 2016/17, while prices at New Cross Hospital were up by a fifth, from £1.10 an hour to £1.33 an hour.
At Queen Elizabeth Hospital, the cost of parking for staff has doubled, from an average of 2p per hour in 2015/16, to an average of 4p per hour in 2016/17.
Parking charges for staff at Manor Hospital have been cut from an average of 7p per hour in 2015/16, to 4p per hour in 2016/17.
Out of 472 acute hospital trust sites across England, 303 charge patients for parking, 64%, down from 305 sites in 2015/16, and 307 charge staff to park, 65%, up from 303 in 2015/16.
There are 121 trust sites, 25%, that charge for disabled parking, up from 117 in 2015/16. Of these, 21 sites started charging for disabled parking in 2016/17, while 13 stopped charging in 2016/17.
St Thomas' Hospital, in Lambeth, is the most expensive place to park as a patient, at an average of £3.20 per hour, while Royal Bolton Hospital is the cheapest of those that charge at an average of 13p per hour, or more likely around £3 for 24 hours.
Nine sites started charging patients in 2016/17, including St Mary's Hospital in West London, where it is now an average of £2.20 per hour to park, and Hurstwood Park Neurosciences Centre in Heywards Heath, where it averages £1.20 per hour.
Four sites have dropped charges for patients, including Cherry Tree Hospital in Stockport.
Bideford Hospital in North Devon has put its prices for patients up the most, from an average of 19p an hour in 2015/16 to 90p per hour in 2016/17. There were 86 sites that have upped the price for patients parking, compared to just 21 that dropped prices.
Edgware Community Hospital in London and Birmingham Children's Hospital are the most expensive places for staff to park, at an average of £2 per hour in 2016/17.
Across England, 15 sites started charging staff to park in 2016/17, with staff at the Royal Marsden Hospital, Chelsea, paying the biggest new cost at an average of 26p per hour. Seven sites stopped charging staff in 2016/17.
Berwick Infirmary at an average of 56p per hour, up from 5p per hour in 2015/16, saw the biggest rise in price for staff parking in England. There are 73 sites in England that have upped the cost of parking for staff, compared to 41 that have dropped prices for staff.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When a football club is up for sale, all sorts of stories emerge.
We have seen it here in the Midlands when before Tonx Xia took control of Aston Villa from Randy Lerner.
The Dalian Wanda Group were linked as was Larry Ellison, CEO of Oracle, among others.
But nothing beats the weekend story that links Floyd Mayweather with a takeover of Newcastle United.
The Daily Star Sunday claims the boxing superstar is open to investing in the Premier League club.
There are quotes from Mayweather too, which read: “You better believe if I were to invest in Newcastle I would be back partying there often.
“I love Newcastle. Those guys like to party as hard as any city I have been to anywhere in the world. I met some of the players last year – and they are good guys. I am always open to new business opportunities and I love all sports, but I invest with my head not my heart.
“Investing with your heart is the quickest way to lose money. But if somebody put together a business plan and my people looking over it and went ‘Floyd that can make money' then I would invest. Soccer might not be my game but I've got connections everywhere.
“Cristiano Ronaldo has been a long-time supporter and buddy of mine, so I might even be able to get him to finish his career off at Newcastle.”
The Newcastle Chronicle played it down today, though, with the following extract from reporter Mark Douglas who wrote:
It's a fine story if it pans out – but the fact it's buried on page 13 of the Daily Star's Sunday edition, below a page lead about Pep Guardiola saving a litter of cats, suggests the writer isn't holding out much hope of the ‘Money Man' becoming the Magpies' main man. Indeed, the fact it's not in the sport section at all is strange.
For the record, there's been no contact between him or any of his associates, with the football club.
And back in the real world, sources close to Mike Ashley insist the club remains up for sale but there have been no developments whatsoever since the burst of energy in January when the owner publicly broke off communication with Amanda Staveley, who shot back with an interview of her claiming she is serious about taking over the club.
Staveley's private position remains the same but with Ashley sticking to his asking price and the club's divisional status obviously dictating interest, there is unlikely to be any movement any time soon. And that means the club's current planning revolves around Ashley retaining control for the forseeable future.
Unless Mayweather takes over, of course....
AIKEN, S.C. (WJBF)– This cell phone video shows a portion of the pursuit that ended with a North Carolina
state trooper shooting and killing an unarmed deaf driver, 29 year-old Daniel Harris last August.
Police said they were trying to pull Harris over for speeding, and he didn't stop until he got to his home and got out of his car, starting the confrontation.
This incident has many wondering: Are police properly trained to deal with the deaf and hard of hearing?
Aiken Public Safety Officers are taking steps to ensure something similar doesn't happen on their watch.
“When we see other agencies, whether they're law enforcement or fire who are challenged, we take note and make sure we are better prepared,” Lieutenant J.D. Mahoney said.
David Bitters, a deaf and hearing impaired teacher, led the class for the officers.
Four states are now using communication cards to help communicate with the deaf and hearing impaired– Wisconsin, California, Michigan and now South Carolina. The deaf and hard of hearing also have access to these cards.
“The old fashion police is ‘order and do'. Now it's about communication. It's about relating to the people,” Bitters explained.
And that is exactly what Bitters train officers to do. He says this training is simply a wrench in a police tool belt.
Nine percent of the South Carolina population is deaf.
Lieutenant Mahoney has a message for them: “We want to engage with you. We want to invite you to public safety so that we can better serve you.”
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: London regulatory crackdown to cost Airbnb $400m in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Snow has been causing difficulties around Northamptonshire today and police have been out in force working hard alongside colleagues from other emergency services, partners and volunteers to keep road networks clear but the advice for motorists remains the same - do not travel unless absolutely necessary.
Officers in 4 x 4 vehicles have been helping stranded motorists and colleagues from the local Highways department have been moving a number of broken down vehicles and jackknifed lorries.
Most roads are now open but motorists may still encounter difficulties on rural routes and B-roads.
With temperatures set to fall below freezing tonight and more snow showers likely police are reminding those who do need to travel to ensure they leave plenty of time for their journeys and drive appropriately to the conditions.
Local hospitals are also urging people to take care when out and about. A spokesperson said: “If you need medical help, please think about using all the healthcare options available. We're very busy today prioritising services for those in the greatest need and we advise you to call 111 in the first instance to be directed to the most appropriate service.
“Cold weather is particularly problematic for older people - please look out for elderly neighbours and make sure they are warm and safe.”
Superintendent Chris Hillery is leading the force's response to the adverse weather conditions. He said: "If you are out, my advice is to get home as early as possible tonight and don't venture out again unless you really have to until tomorrow morning.
"If you do have to go out during the night take appropriate action to make sure you are prepared for the cold, snowy conditions. This includes taking extra, warm clothes, a hot drink, de-icer, ice scraper and torch and make sure your mobile phone is fully charged."
"When the roads are wet and icy it can take twice as long to stop your vehicle, so please slow down and plan well ahead of a junction so you slowly come to a halt just before or as you get to the junction.
"If you have to travel, there are measures all road users can take to help minimise risks."
Take a few minutes to read tips issued by police, below:
Be prepared
- Check the latest weather forecast before you head out
- Make sure your tyres have sufficient tread and the correct pressure
- Check your lights workEnsure your battery is chargedMake sure your wiper blades are working
- Put some warm clothes/blankets into your carKeep de-icing equipment in your car so you can clear it before driving
- Make sure your mobile phone is well charged or you have a charger in your car
- Ensure you have sufficient fuel in your tankIf conditions are bad and your journey is not essential, consider postponing your journey to when conditions have improved
Driving in snow
- Slow down and extend braking distances
- Drive in as high a gear as possible and take care at junctions and corners
- Avoid breaking and accelerating sharply
- When braking on snow or ice change into a low gear and use breaks gently, leaving a larger braking distance
- Listen to your local radio station for any updates on any traffic problems and change your route accordingly
- Police and partners are assessing conditions around the clock and further updates will follow. For updates follow @northantspolice
For information about school closures go to: http://www.northamptonshire.gov.uk/schoolclosures/
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When asked what attracted him to Isaac Vassell last week, Harry Redknapp returned with a speedy response: “He's quick, he's strong. He has an awful lot of pace and he's got a good future ahead of him.”
And Birmingham City's newest recruit is certainly ‘quick', as Redknapp puts it.
Athletics background
Few individuals are talented enough to combine athletics with football. World Championship bronze medalist and Birchfield Harrier Matthew Hudson-Smith is one that Bluenoses may be aware of, but they now have their very own in 23-year-old striker Vassell.
Not only is Vassell a fantastic sprinter and capable of running the 100m in around 11 seconds, he is better known within the track and field circuit for being one of Great Britain's brightest pole vaulters as a junior.
Vassell's personal best of 3.40m looks a little modest when you consider men can vault over six metres nowadays, but it is mightily impressive when you consider it was set when he was just 16.
Vassell, cousin of former Aston Villa and England striker Darius, also tried his hand at the gruelling 800m, the long jump, triple jump and high jump and may well have had a career as a decathlete if some of his performances as a youngster are anything to go by.
A stunning rise
Comparisons between Vassell and Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy have been made, partly because they both have ferocious speed but largely due to the route they have both taken.
Vassell dumped vaulting in an attempt to elevate his football career to even greater heights upon leaving school. He joined Plymouth Argyle's youth team and managed to earn a professional contract at the end of his apprenticeship.
With first team chances limited at Home Park, Vassell spent time out on loan with Truro City, Bideford and Weymouth before committing to the former of those three sides permanently in 2014.
Vassell combined non-league football with coaching in Cornwall.
Sean Joyce, who managed Vassell at Bideford, says: "He's a lovely lad, Isaac, and I've got a lot of time for him. We've helped him out a little way by having him on loan and getting him up to men's football, because that's what Plymouth, Exeter and Torquay loan them out for.
"They put them out on loan to get them used to men's football - it's a great achievement for him and I wish him all the best."
A decent goal return led to Luton Town snapping him up last year. The Hatters were hoping to bag themselves another Andre Gray, whom they also plucked from non-league at a similar age.
Despite an uncharacteristically slow start to his career at Kenilworth Road, Vassell couldn't stop scoring once he started.
A strong end to last season and a couple of goals against Yeovil Town at the beginning of this has seen Vassell bag 14 in his last 29 appearances.
If he can replicate that sort of form at St Andrew's, his name will be regularly belted out on the Tilton.
Photo by Tom Hogan-Hoganphotos
May will be here before you know it, if you happen to be living somewhere where you must bundle up heavily when choosing to step outside. Yes, warmer weather will arrive, and with it the promise of a top-tier chess match of strength and speed and guile and stamina and … what? What factors will play more or less in the sequel showdown between Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez on May 5, site TBA.
Fans have debated and analyzed since the bell rang to end the first encounter, which will stand as a majority draw in the record books despite many — if not most — pundits feeling the Kazakh vet deserved to have only his hand raised to cap the evening.
I put it to GGG trainer Abel Sanchez, who is in Russia to corner his cruiserweight young gunner Murat Gassiev in his WBSS semifinal scrap. The aim would be to win conclusively this time? Does that mean press more, look a bit harder to pressure and gun for KO?
“Triple-G won the first fight; the judging was questionable,” Sanchez asserted. “Canelo is saying the same things he said before first fight. He chose to run and not try and knock out Triple-G. He is talking brave again … It could be a different action fight if he is a man of his word and does what he says. In order to KO Triple-G, you have to try and do it. It's gonna take more than pitty-pat punches and running to accomplish that against the best fighter in the world!”
My three cents: So there you have it; smart stuff from Abel. He knows that Canelo is a marvelously skilled defender who when trying not to get hit succeeds pretty darn well. And maybe he knows that Canelo thinks his power pack isn't sufficient to drop and stop GGG … so he'll fight the sage way, look to be the better ring general and not indulge in a “whose nuke is bigger?” tradefest. Is that what you are thinking, readers?
Follow Woods on Twitter
Struggling to locate a copy of THE RING Magazine? Try here or
Subscribe
You can order the current issue, which is on newsstands, or back issues from our subscribe page.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mistakes during the minting process can often lead to rarities which become sought after by coin enthusiasts.
And now a few examples of what appear to be one of these minting errors has led to £1 coins selling for more than £200 online.
Change Checker has reported on the new batch of £1 coins.
It appears that the 12-sided £1 coin die has been struck on an old round £1 coin blank, reports Manchester Evening News .
(Image: Zeki Atma/ Change Checker)
Change Checker adds that it has seen three examples of this in the past week alone so maybe they are not super rare.
The Mirror has also reported that types of this coin are appearing on eBay with one selling for £205. It received 22 bids.
Are these real coins?
The Royal Mint still haven't verified these coins so Change Checker say the best thing to do is to send it to The Royal Mint Museum which offers a free verification service .
You get the coin back - along with their findings - a few weeks later.
Which other coins are valuable?
Last year, there was a story about numerous rare 50p coins which were worth up to hundreds of pounds based on which designs they had. These included a Kew Gardens coin and a Jemima Puddleduck one.
It can be hard to have a real idea of how much these are actually worth, Change Checker add that a coin is mostly just worth how much someone is willing to pay for it.
To help ease some of the confusion, Change Checker has created the eBay price tracker which simply "takes the last 9 sold prices achieved on eBay and gives the median price achieved (rounded to the nearest 50p).
"By taking the median, rather than an average, we avoid skewing created by one or two excessive prices achieved."
VIRGINIA BEACH, Va. (AP) — Televangelist Pat Robertson is recovering after suffering an embolic stroke.
In an online news release, The Christian Broadcasting Network, which Robertson founded, says he was rushed to the nearest stroke center Friday after a family member recognized the onset of symptoms.
The release says that within minutes of receiving clot-busting drugs, Robertson was awake, responsive and able to move all his limbs.
The Virginia-based network says 87-year-old Robertson is alert and expected to make a full recovery.
Advertisement
In addition to founding The Christian Broadcasting Network, Robertson hosts its flagship show "The 700 Club."
And launches the Cross River State $250M Green Entrepreneurship Fund
crossriverlogo
Contact
Juddie Passion; Africa Clean Energy Summit/Group
Hon. Commissioner; CRS Ministry of Climate Change
***@crsglobalclimatesummit.org Juddie Passion; Africa Clean Energy Summit/GroupHon. Commissioner;CRS Ministry of Climate Change
End
-- The Government of Cross River State through the Ministry of Climate Change and Forestry in collaboration with the Africa Clean Energy Summit/Group, the Federal Ministry of Environment, the Federal Ministry of Health, the Federal Ministry of Industry, Trade & Investment, NEPAD Nigeria, Covenant University, ADC Energy USA, Development Partners, Always Green Power & Systems Limited and The Environment Communications Limited is hosting a Global Summit on Climate Change and Green Entrepreneurship in April 2017 to coincide with the World Earth Day Celebrations.The summit will bring together international and national stakeholders from governments, private sector, non-governmental organizations, development partners and international investors, to address matters that would support the state's transition to a low-carbon and climate-resilient economy - building a sustainable green economy in Cross River State.The Cross River State Global Summit on Climate Change and Green Entrepreneurship with focus on Jobs Creation Opportunities and the First Ever Wealth Creation Parks for Low Carbon Development in Africa will hold from April 17th to April 22nd 2017 with a Special Marathon Race for Climate Change - ''Cross River Climate Marathon'' at the CALABAR INTERNATIONAL CONVENTION CENTRE.The global event will include a World Class Summit; the 2017 World Earth Day celebrations;High Level Climate Solutions Segments, an International Exhibition; Technical Conferences;Business Sessions; Investment Forums; Green Energy Empowerment for MSMEs; Green Wealth from Tree PlantingProgram; Green Investment Tours; Carbon Credit Train; Official Solarization of the Cross River State Government House with energy efficient and saving devices as the driving force for promoting clean energy in Nigeria and leading to the establishment of the FIRST EVER GREEN ENERGY EXPORT PROCESSING HUB IN WEST AFRICA FOR SMART CITIES AND COMMUNITIES;the International Green Hall of Fame; Flag-Off of the Distribution of Clean Cookstoves in Cross River State (under the Rebranding Climate Change Clean Cookstoves Initiative); and concurrent activities such as the incorporation of RACE FOR THE CLIMATE – A Special Marathon Race for Climate Change (''Cross River Climate Marathon'' ''with special sport foot wears for recharging mobile phones"), Green Marketplace -"COME SEE AND BUY", a Climate Walk, Green Road Show and Clean Energy Technology & Green Business Solution Hub for Africa.The CROSS RIVER STATE $250M GREEN ENTREPRENEURSHIP FUND:A $250Million Green Entrepreneurship Fund (the first ever in Africa) will be launched on the 22nd of April 2017, as part of the World Earth Day Celebrations. The Fund will empower a minimum of 150,000 Green Entrepreneurs and Enterprises;creating more than 600,000 Direct jobs and over 1,200,000 Indirect Jobs in 18 months. With a population of more than 3.5Million, Cross River State would provide employment for a reasonable number of young people in the state. The $250Million Green Entrepreneurship Fund is the first phase of a $1 Billion Green Entrepreneurship Fund … Green Entrepreneurship for massive empowerment in Nigeria and Africa!CONSEQUENTLY, A NATIONAL BUSINESS AND ENVIRONMENT ROUNDTABLE (NBER) SHALL BE FLAGGED OFF BY THE HONOURABLE MINISTER OF ENVIRONMENT.The Global Climate Summit is programmed to deliver the customized strategic roadmap of climate and green bonds/finance secrets through the following rationale: -•Financial institutions represent the largest source of public of finance for technology for adaptation/mitigation and low carbon sustainable economic development for operationalizing our signed Nationally Determined Contributions(NDCs);•They therefore have the ability and can play a pivotal role to direct capital and demonstrate to markets the opportunities, risks and potential returns of sustainable investments, while at the same time being active actors in policy dialogues to assist in mainstreaming the sustainable development agenda in all sectors.MEDIA FORUM @ THE GLOBAL SUMMIT:More than 40 international and national journalists would be joining decision makers, policymakers, industry leaders, investors, experts and major stakeholders around the world to explore and further understand the challenges and opportunities that arise from Climate Change.The Global Summit on Climate Change and Green Entrepreneurship promises to be the biggest and best of all, in the history of Climate Change and Clean Energy Summits, Conferences and Programmes in Africa.It is worthy to note that Cross River State is the first and only subnational government that has a ministry for Climate Change in Africa. Cross River is also strategically positioned to host global events of this nature as an eco-tourism state.
How to Not Be a Bully Behind the Wheel
We've all been there. You're crossing the street, thinking you have a clear path, when the driver waiting at the light starts lurching into the crosswalk, itching for the green signal. Before you know it, you and everyone else crossing has to squeeze around this bully.
Inspired by a recent Jonathan McLeod post (headline: “Stop fucking driving your car at people”), I set out to catalogue a few of the most obnoxious behaviors people routinely engage in behind the wheel of a car.
Intersection bullying — when motorists occupy a chunk of crosswalk real estate that belongs to pedestrians with the right of way — is just one example of the many nasty, antisocial, and downright dangerous things drivers do when they're interacting with people outside their car.
There's a ton of bad driving behavior that should be socially unacceptable, but for some reason, granted the anonymity of a car, people engage in it anyway. This routine aggression needs to be called out for what it is — bullying. To start things off, I've compiled this short list of things that people should never do behind the wheel.
1. Don't hog the crosswalk when pedestrians have the right of way
Letting pedestrians make full use of the crosswalk when they have the right of way is non-negotiable. There is no benefit to the driver from hogging a crosswalk — there's only harm to the people crossing on foot. So if you're driving, don't start across an intersection unless you're sure you'll clear all the crosswalks before the light turns red. And you come to a red light, don't inch into a crosswalk until the light turns green and there are no people in front of you. If you do, you are a bully.
2. Slow down and yield when someone crosses the street in front of you
See someone crossing the road ahead? Slow down and be prepared to stop. If braking at the sight of human beings in the path of your car feels like an unbearable imposition, you might be a garbage person.
3. Don't buzz people a few feet away on the sidewalk at high speed
Having a two-ton vehicle speed past you at 30+ miles per hour can be quite frightening. The good news is that it doesn't take much to be considerate to others. All you have to do is use your judgment and slow down for two seconds.
4. Don't honk at the cyclist in front of you
Cars in motion are always loud. That person on a bike in front of you can already hear your car. Honking at them won't clarify anything that you're trying to communicate. It will only signal aggression and startle them. Just. Don't.
That concludes this quick lesson in courteous driving. But the list could go on a lot longer.
Do you encounter routine motorist bullying that makes your blood boil? Tell us all about it in the comments.
Property Aspects Magazine has joined forces with the Environment Agency-supported, Flood Expo 2017, as an official partner ahead of its highly anticipated return, on the 27th & 28th of September at ExCeL London.
Flood Expo
Media Contact
Gary Hall, Event Director, Prysm Group
0117 929 6087
gary.hall@prysmgroup.co.uk Gary Hall, Event Director, Prysm Group0117 929 6087
End
-- Flood Expo 2017 brings together the latest solutions, the most innovative suppliers, and the industry's greatest schedule of seminars led by the world's most prominent experts."Flooding impacts on property and on the environment. It affects people's lives, and it has consequences for property-related businesses such as construction, architecture and planning," explains David Lomas, CEO of M3 Media Publishing, who publish Property Aspects Magazine."As Property Aspects Magazine is authoritative and highlights a wide range of issues related to the environment, as well as property and construction, it is a perfect fit for Flood Expo 2017"A report from MPs in 2015, following the catastrophic floods of December 2014, suggested that one in six UK homes are in danger of flooding.Five million properties face major flood risks due to a lack of long-term defence maintenance budgeting.The costs of flood management, and of cleaning up afterwards, are huge. Following the 2014-2015 floods, total costs were estimated to exceed £5bn.Furthermore, ecologists have warned that the environment is at risk from the consequences of flooding, with the UK's ecosystems threatened by contaminated floodwater."Property Aspects Magazine's inclusion, in this standout exhibition, complements the roster of large organisations choosing this event to showcase their latest offerings and ground-breaking innovations for flood resilience, mitigation, and rescue," David continues."Flood Expo 2017 regularly attracts partnerships with major players from across the industry, and Property Aspects Magazine's official partnership only reinforces the magazine's reputation further," says David.Over 2,500 visitors looking to protect their land and property will fill the exhibition hall to engage with:- Over 200 innovative environmental suppliers- Interactive debates- Live demonstrations on the River Thames- One-to-one advice from industry experts- Unparalleled networking opportunitiesThere will also be 100 CPD-accredited and expert-led seminars, across 7 theatres, led by the industry's leading figures.Guests can also filter between areas dedicated to flood prediction, flood prevention, flood management, flood rescue, and more, as well as the Marine & Coastal Civil Engineering Expo and the Contamination Expo Series next door.If you are a supplier and are interested in exhibiting your products or services to the thousands of key decision makers in attendance, contactonor email mailto:gary.hall@ prysmgroup.co.uk ).
The Arizona Cardinals might be done with running back Adrian Peterson, but he isn't done with the NFL. He fully intends on continuing his NFL career.
It was reported recently that the Cardinals are expected to release Peterson, who has one year remaining on his contract. It is a move that will save Arizona $3.5 million in salary cap space.
Peterson has not heard anything official from the Cardinals yet, but he has several more years to go before he is done with his playing days.
“I think I would want to play maybe four more years, four to five more years,” he said, according to Chris Tomasson of the Pioneer Press.
“At the end of the day, I know I can play. If you watch football, as far as being an evaluator of talent, if a guy has something left in the tank, I feel like he was able to see that I can still play the game.”
Peterson played six games for the Cardinals after being acquired from the New Orleans Saints via trade. He had two fantastic games, one solid performance and three subpar before his season ended with a neck injury. He led the team with 448 rushing yards, averaging 3.5 yards per attempt.
Peterson can still play, as evidenced by his very productive games with the Cardinals behind a suspect offensive line. The question is if another team will give him the featured role he seeks.
With David Johnson returning, it wouldn't happen in Arizona.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
A family treehouse that was due to be removed from a Dunedin backyard because it breached the Building Code, has been saved after an agreement was reached with the council.
A story on TVNZ1's Fair Go on Monday highlighted the plight of the family tree hut, built by granddad Trevor Norman, which has given his grandsons Logan, Devon and Ethan hours of fun.
A visit from the Dunedin City Council – prompted by a privacy complaint from the neighbours – had seen the tree house in line for the chop.
However, today the Dunedin City Council has agreed to an offer from the Rotary Club of Mosgiel to rebuild the tree house so it complies with Building Code.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have been granted new powers to tackle knife-wielding teenagers who attacked policemen during four nights of violence in the city centre.
Gangs of up to 80 youths were seen fighting in the Dale End area in front of horrified shoppers.
Now police are using new stop and search powers to tackle the teenage thugs, who are travelling into the city for the violence.
On Monday a 17-year-old was stabbed in the leg and hands on Park Street, Digbeth.
Then on Tuesday three officers were assaulted as they dealt with a large group of youngsters fighting in Dale End, with reports of knives and hammers being used.
On Wednesday, crowds gathered and were dispersed by officers. Just after 6pm, there were reports of youths fighting in The Square.
And on Thursday there were reports of up to 80 youths in the area, with West Midlands Police saying there were small pockets of trouble. They were dispersed by officers.
Four youths have been arrested.
This includes a 16-year-old, from Rednal, who has been charged with assaulting two officers, while the others have been released pending investigation.
One of the officers attacked suffered swelling and bruising to his head and face, while the others were not injured.
On Friday police were making use of temporary powers allowing them to stop and search people for weapons in the area.
The powers will be used on anyone officers suspect may be intent on causing trouble and people will notice an increased police presence in the area.
Supt Ian Green, who oversees Birmingham city centre policing, said: “We don't use these powers lightly, but it's completely unacceptable for youngsters to come into Birmingham city centre with weapons and assault police officers and cause alarm for people going about their business.
“We're liaising with community groups to get to the bottom of what lies behind this apparent increase in tension, with the aim of preventing any further trouble
“Anyone who comes into the city centre with the intention of getting involved in trouble can expect to be swiftly dealt with by officers.
“We're examining CCTV footage from the three nights of disorder and carrying out extensive enquiries to identify those responsible.
“We're working with schools and colleges in the area, and they have made it clear that anyone involved will face expulsion.”
APRIL 24, 2018 — Ballast water management system manufacturers and stakeholders have formed a trade association. Called the Ballastwater Equipment Manufacturers' Association (BEMA), it held its first Annual meeting on April 19, 2018 and has elected its inaugural Board of Directors.
The need for the association arose from the growing demand for well-founded information on the practicability of ballast water treatment technologies, as well as on the technical and environmental aspects of implementing ballast water management regulations worldwide.
The idea of forming an association of ballast water equipment manufacturers dates back many years.
"What makes this time different," says Mark Riggio of Hyde Marine who was elected President of the Association and was a member of the initial formation committee, "is the realization that we needed to have a unified voice in the conversation." BEMA will be that voice.
BEMA is a registered trade association based in the United States, with headquarters at 103 Oronoco St, Ste 200, Alexandria, VA 22314.
The association seeks to provide coordinated, technical, non-commercial guidance to both the maritime industry and regulatory agencies that are trying to understand the intricacies of ballast water treatment. It will serve as a key resource for shipowners, designers, testing equipment suppliers, and regulators to discuss openly how ballast water treatment systems work and what should be the expectations of each technology operating across a world fleet.
"It has been encouraging to see how enthusiastically the equipment manufacturers have embraced the organization," said Marcie Merksamer, Secretary General of BEMA and member of the formation committee. "We have had a quick and energetic response from suppliers representing all of the major technology types in the industry and from every region of the world. BEMA is truly a global enterprise." During the initial formation meeting in London, held during the fifth session of IMO's Sub-Committee on Pollution Prevention and Response (PPR) in February this year, the organizers discussed applying for non-governmental organization (NGO) observer status at IMO in 2018. After consulting with the shipping industry and prospective members, their focus quickly turned to ensuring that the association first provides value to the industry and then revisiting the effort of obtaining IMO acceptance as an NGO.
"There is a lot of value that [BEMA] can provide even before we achieve NGO status at the IMO," said Steve Candito, Ecochlor CEO, member of the formation committee, and newly elected member of BEMA's Board of Directors. "We have already been approached by ICS, BIMCO, and other shipowner associations to discuss the important implementation challenges. The industry wants to discuss solutions and we are ready to talk."
Representatives from Cathelco, Coldharbour, DESMI Ocean Guard, ERMA FIRST, Evoqua, Optimarin, Panasia, and Wӓrtsilӓ have also been elected to serve as members of BEMA's Board of Directors.
The makeup of the board ensures that the organization has balance with regard to the technologies that are being used in the market, the different regions of the world that serve the marketplace, and companies of different sizes and scope.
Thd other elected officers of the association are: Vice President Efi Tsolaki of ERMA FIRST; Treasurer Birgir Nilsen of Optimarin; and Secretary Andrew Marshall of Coldharbour.
BEMA is scheduling meetings with numerous shipowner associations and industry trade groups to provide unbiased direction and advice to their membership about the impending retrofit period, currently scheduled to begin in September of 2019.
More HERE
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Allegations about the mass harvesting of Facebook users' information are "very concerning", Downing Street has said amid further allegations against data firm Cambridge Analytica (CA).
Prime Minister Theresa May's official spokesman called on the social media giant and CA to co-operate fully with an investigation by Information Commissioner Elizabeth Denham.
Meanwhile, further details about the firm's activities included claims the company offered to entrap politicians and used ex-spies to dig for dirt on potential targets.
An undercover investigation by Channel 4 recorded CA's chief executive Alexander Nix suggesting ways he could help a potential client.
A reporter posing as a fixer for a wealthy client hoping to get candidates elected in Sri Lanka met with Mr Nix and other senior figures from CA.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Asked about what "deep digging" could be done, Mr Nix told the reporter: "Oh, we do a lot more than that.
"I mean deep digging is interesting but you know equally effective can be just to go and speak to the incumbents and to offer them a deal that's too good to be true, and make sure that that's video recorded, you know, these sorts of tactics are very effective instantly having video evidence of corruption, putting it on the internet, these sorts of things."
Mr Nix said they could "send some girls around to the candidate's house", adding that Ukrainian girls "are very beautiful, I find that works very well", Channel 4 reported.
CA told the broadcaster: "We entirely refute any allegation that Cambridge Analytica or any of its affiliates use entrapment, bribes or so-called honeytraps for any purpose whatsoever."
The firm added: "Cambridge Analytica does not use untrue material for any purpose."
CA was suspended from Facebook last week after it emerged that data on millions of users had not been destroyed as agreed.
Whistleblower Chris Wylie, a former research director at the UK-based company, told Channel 4 News a so-called data grab had been carried out on more than 50 million profiles in 2014.
Reports in The Observer suggested that the information was used to target political advertising in the 2016 US presidential election - something denied by CA.
Damian Collins, chairman of the House of Commons Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee, has called on Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to appear before MPs to explain his company's actions.
Asked about the reports, Mrs May's spokesman said: "The allegations are clearly very concerning.
"It is essential that people can have confidence that their personal data will be protected and used in an appropriate way.
"It is absolutely right that the Information Commissioner is investigating this matter.
"We expect Facebook, Cambridge Analytica and all the organisations involved to co-operate fully."
In a response to its suspension from Facebook, CA said it fully complied with Facebook's terms of service.
In a statement it said that: "In 2014 we received Facebook data and derivatives of Facebook data from another company, GSR, that we engaged in good faith to legally supply data for research.
"After it subsequently became known that GSR had broken its contract with Cambridge Analytica because it had not adhered to data protection regulation, Cambridge Analytica deleted all the Facebook data and derivatives, in cooperation with Facebook.
"This Facebook data was not used by Cambridge Analytica as part of the services it provided to the Donald Trump presidential campaign; personality targeted advertising was not carried out for this client either."
Information Commissioner Ms Denham said she was applying for a warrant to investigate CA's activities.
She said: "This is a complex and far-reaching investigation for my office and any criminal or civil enforcement actions arising from it will be pursued vigorously."
The Federal Reserve is proposing to ease a rule aimed at defusing the kind of risk-taking on Wall Street that helped trigger the 2008 financial meltdown.
The changes would loosen rules that since the 2008 financial meltdown have barred big banks from using depositors' money to make sizable bets on stocks and bonds.
The Fed now wants to relax these regulations, thereby giving Wall Street greater ability to engage in profit-making trades.
The changes would be applied according to how much trading banks do.
Advertisement
At the upper level would be banks with at least US$10 billion ($14.3b) in trading assets and liabilities.
Fed officials said 18 banks fall into that category, accounting for 95 per cent of US bank trading and include some foreign banks with US operations.
Less stringent requirements would apply to banks that do less trading.
The idea is to give the banks greater clarity on their permissible trading activity without sacrificing their safety and soundness, the officials said.
"Our goal is to replace overly complex and inefficient requirements with a more streamlined set of requirements," Fed Chair Jerome Powell said at a meeting of the central bank's governors.
The move coincides with other government efforts to ease financial regulations and protections that were tightened after the 2008 crisis.
President Donald Trump has pushed for such changes, arguing that the stricter financial regulations have constrained economic growth.
Congress has, for example, loosened requirements on how much capital smaller banks must keep as a base to cushion against unexpected big losses.
And the Trump administration has significantly scaled back the reach of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which was established to safeguard consumers against financial abuses.
The action the Fed took Thursday would ease the limits imposed by the Volcker Rule under the 2010 Dodd Frank law.
The rule was designed to restrict the trading that big banks could do.
Those financial institutions had required federal bailouts after the 2008 crisis — a crisis that was ignited by excessive risk-taking.
Other US financial regulatory agencies, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Securities and Exchange Commission, will discuss and possibly approve the Fed's proposal in their own meetings in coming weeks.
The proposal will be opened to public comment for 60 days.
The Volcker Rule is named for Paul Volcker, a Fed chairman in the 1980s who was an adviser to President Barack Obama during the financial crisis.
Volcker urged a ban on deposit-funded, high-risk trading by big banks, arguing that it would help prevent future economic crises.
The use of depositors' money by banks to make high-risk trading bets for their own profit is known as proprietary trading.
For years, it was a huge money-making activity for Wall Street mega-banks like Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley.
Proprietary trading allowed big banks to tap depositors' money in federally insured bank accounts — essentially borrowing against that money and using it for investments.
Under the Volcker Rule, banks have been limited to trading mainly on behalf of their clients rather than for themselves.
But they have pushed back against the rule, and the Trump administration has been sympathetic.
"Weakening the Volcker Rule means allowing banks to play with other people's money again," said Ed Mierzwinski, a senior director at the US Public Interest Research Group, a consumer advocacy organisation.
"That was the casino economy before the crisis."
The Fed is an independent regulator that asserts its separation from political pressure and the White House.
Trump, though, has had an unusual opportunity to put his stamp on the central bank by filling several key positions on the seven-member Fed board.
Powell, the new Fed chairman since February, was a board member under the previous Fed leader, Janet Yellen, and before that was an investment banker.
After Trump named him Fed chief, Powell told Congress that he believes the rules enacted after the 2008 crisis could be improved, though he is not thought to back the administration's ambition of aggressively rolling back regulations.
One key Trump appointee on the Fed board, Randal Quarles, a former investment banker, is the Fed's top overseer of Wall Street and the leader in seeking to ease financial regulation.
He has said the package of rules under Dodd-Frank should be overhauled but not scrapped.
- AP
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — The man accused of fatally shooting a woman and wounding six people at a Tennessee church in September faces a 43-count indictment, including first-degree murder, attempted murder and felony civil rights intimidation charges.
Friday's grand jury indictment in Davidson County charges 26-year-old Emanuel Kidega Samson in the Burnette Chapel Church of Christ shooting in Nashville. He's been held without bond since September.
An arrest affidavit from September says Samson waived his rights and told police he arrived armed and fired at Burnette.
In October, Nashville Police Detective Steve Jolley testified that a note in Samson's car referred to a white supremacist's 2015 massacre at a South Carolina black church. Jolley said Samson also told him he didn't give much thought to race or religion, and heard voices and had visions.
PORT ARTHUR, Texas (AP) — A fire official says three children rescued from a burning apartment in Southeast Texas have died from their injuries.
Port Arthur Fire Marshal Paul Washburn tells KFDM television that firefighters arrived at the burning building a little after midnight Wednesday. First responders found the children and rushed them to a hospital where they were pronounced dead.
Washburn says the children were aged 2, 6 and 12.
Washburn tells The Associated Press the three children were the only ones inside the apartment when the fire broke out. He says their mother had taken another child to the hospital.
Advertisement
Washburn says they are investigating to determine the cause of the fire.
Tiger Woods had a cocktail of drugs in his system when he was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence near his home in Florida in May.
A toxicology report obtained by ESPN.com revealed traces of the following drugs:
- Hydrocodone, the generic form of a painkiller branded as VICODIN.
- Hydromorphone, a strong painkiller commonly known as DILAUDID.
Advertisement
- Alprazolam, a mood and sleep drug commonly known as XANAX. (The report also listed Alpha-Hydroxy Alprazolam, which is what Xanax becomes when it breaks down in the system.)
- Zolpidem, a sleep drug commonly known as AMBIEN.
- Delta-9 carboxy THC, a muscle relaxant that is also the substance the body metabolises after marijuana is consumed.
"As I previously said, I received professional help to manage my medications," Woods said Monday in a statement. "Recently, I had been trying on my own to treat my back pain and a sleep disorder, including insomnia, but I realise now it was a mistake to do this without medical assistance. I am continuing to work with my doctors, and they feel I've made significant progress. I remain grateful for the amazing support that I continue to receive and for the family and friends that are assisting me."
Last week, Woods agreed to plead guilty to reckless driving and enter a diversion program that will allow him to have his record wiped clean if he completes the program.
Woods, 41, was charged with driving under the influence in May when he was found asleep in his Mercedes-Benz, apparently under the influence of a prescription painkiller and sleeping medication. No alcohol was found in his system. Woods did not appear at the Palm Beach County courthouse for his arraignment.
Prosecutor Adrienne Ellis said the golf superstar agreed to plead guilty at an Oct. 25 hearing and enter the county's program for first-time DUI offenders. "He is not being treated any different than anyone else," Ellis said.
Woods' lawyer, Douglas Duncan, entered a not guilty plea to the DUI charge on Woods' behalf and declined comment as he left the courthouse. Under the plea deal, prosecutors would drop the DUI charge, which is a more severe charge than reckless driving. If he completes the program, he can ask a judge to expunge the reckless driving conviction.
In the diversion program, Woods will spend a year on probation, pay a $250 fine and court costs, attend DUI school and perform 50 hours of community service. He would also have to attend a workshop where victims of impaired drivers detail how their lives were damaged and face other conditions. Since the program began four years ago, almost 2,400 defendants have enrolled, according to the Palm Beach County State Attorney's Office.
If convicted of DUI, Woods would have faced a fine of between $500 and $1,000, had his car impounded for 10 days and other conditions. He also could have been jailed for up to six months, although that was unlikely, received probation and lost his driver's license for six months to a year.
The DUI arrest was the first time Woods had been in trouble since Thanksgiving weekend 2009, when he ploughed his SUV into a tree and a fire hydrant outside his then-Windermere, Florida, home. That led to revelations that he had multiple extramarital affairs and a divorce from his wife Elin Nordegren, the mother of his two children. He spent 45 days in a Mississippi clinic where he was treated for sex addiction.
Woods was arrested at 2am. May 29 about 15 miles from his home in Jupiter, Florida, when officers found him unconscious in his Mercedes-Benz, which was parked awkwardly on the side of the road and had damage to the driver's side. It's not clear how he damaged the car. Officers checked the area but didn't find that he had hit anything.
Woods didn't know where he was when asked by officers, and he stumbled and swayed through a field sobriety test, police dashboard camera video showed. Woods told officers he was taking the painkiller Vicodin and Xanax, which treats anxiety and insomnia, to cope with his fourth back surgery in April. Woods announced last month he had completed treatment at an out-of-state clinic to deal with his use of prescription medications.
His 79 PGA Tour victories and 14 major titles both rank No. 2 all-time. He has not competed since February because of his back injury and is not expected to return this year. His last win was in August 2013.
PHNOM PENH: Cambodia's government on Friday asked the country's top court to dissolve the main opposition party, which is hanging on by a thread after its leader was jailed on treason charges, sending scores of MPs into self-exile.
Advertisements
The Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) has been battered by a government crackdown that is clearing out rivals of strongman premier Hun Sen ahead of a 2018 election that could have tested his 32-year grip on power.
The government has used a mix of court cases, legal maneuvers and threats to sideline the opposition's leadership and drive more than half of its MPs out of the country in fear.
The exodus, prompted by the surprise arrest of the party's president Kem Sokha last month, has raised serious doubts about the party's ability to contest next year's poll.
Its future was further imperiled Friday when lawyers from the Ministry of Interior lodged a complaint urging the Supreme Court to disband the CNRP for allegedly violating a controversial political parties law.
“There is strong and sufficient evidence for the Supreme Court to dissolve the CNRP,” Ky Tech, one of the lawyers, told reporters outside the courthouse.
“If we keep (CNRP), it will lead to the destruction of the nation, so we must prevent it,” he added.
His team accused the CNRP of breaching a law that gives judges power to disband parties who threaten national security, take orders from a foreign entity or conspire with individuals whose activities are “against the interest of Cambodia”, among other offenses.
When the legislation was passed earlier this year, rights groups warned it was a brazen attempt by Hun Sen to checkmate an opposition that had been making steady gains at the polls.
The wily premier has long history of wielding the kingdom's pliant justice system to undermine his rivals.
Lawyer Ky Tech said the evidence of the party's wrongdoing lay in the same 2013 speech the government has seized on to accuse CNRP leader Kem Sokha of treason.
The politician was detained in a surprise arrest on September 3 that sent fear rattling through the fragile democracy.
The main evidence cited for his charges is a public 2013 speech given in Australia in which he said he had received US help to build a pro-democracy movement inside Cambodia.
Hun Sen alleges this is evidence that Kem Sokha was conspiring in a “secret plan” with Washington to oust the government.
In a message sent through his lawyers on Monday, Kem Sokha denied the treason charge as “total slander,” a view echoed by the US and other democratic countries which have called for his immediate release.
Supporters of Hun Sen say he has brought stability and growth to a nation once plagued by war.
Detractors say corruption and inequality has become rampant under his rule, fuelling support for the opposition and a yearning for change, especially among Cambodia's large youth population.
AFP
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — A detention hearing for rapper Juelz Santana has been postponed until authorities decide who will prosecute the drug and gun charges he faces following an incident at Newark Liberty International Airport.
A judge was due to decide Monday whether Santana would remain jailed until his trial. Officials say that hearing will likely now occur sometime this week.
Santana pleaded not guilty to state charges last week. He also faces federal charges in the same incident
Authorities say security personnel found a loaded .38-caliber handgun and oxycodone pills he didn't have a prescription for in a carry-on bag containing his identification.
Advertisement
They say he fled the area, leaving two bags behind. He turned himself in three days later.
The 36-year-old New York City-born rapper lives in Totowa, New Jersey. His real name is LaRon James.
IT'S almost Christmas and as the festive season starts, thousands of New Zealand families will be bringing home their Christmas trees to decorate.
There is something special about the smell of a real Christmas tree.
That special thing is a chemical called beta-pinene, part of a class of hydrocarbons known as terpenes which give off a fresh, woody fragrance.
As beautiful as a real Christmas tree can be, the constant dropping of needles on the floor can make owning one seem like a lot of work. However, thanks to some very dedicated tree researchers, it looks like science might have a solution.
Advertisement
A study published in the Australian Journal of Botany tested four treatments as potential solutions for the Christmas tree needle-drop problem.
They took several trees and made sure they had access to plenty of water at the base and stored them for a month at room temperature.
Over the month, they exposed some of the trees to different fluids and monitored needle health using a chlorophyll fluorescence meter which relates to how healthy and green the tree looks.
The first solution they fed to the tree was an energy drink. Research has shown that cut flowers last longer in sugar solution than in pure water, so the scientists wanted to see if feeding the tree a sugar-laden energy drink could help it to keep its needles.
The second treatment involved pouring boiling hot water on to the base of the tree. The theory was that the hot water would dissolve the sap at the cut part of the tree which could help increase the tree's water uptake over time.
The third treatment fed a diluted beer solution to the tree. Mixed with 50 per cent water this solution contained sugar, nutrients and minerals, and the researchers wondered if they might be the nutrients the tree needed (spoiler alert - they weren't).
The final treatment was to spray the tree with hairspray. As odd as it may sound, cut trees lose a lot of water and the theory was that the hairspray could potentially help prevent evaporation from the needles.
The results showed that beer and energy drinks did not help the tree to last longer.
NZME
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image SSPHC Fiji director, Professor Manu Munibhargav during an interview. Picture: AVINESH GOPAL
MORE than 800 people took advantage of the free screenings in cardiology that were conducted in the past two weeks by specialists from India.
The specialists were brought to the country by Sahyadri Specialty Pacific Hospitals Ltd Fiji for free screenings in cardiology, oncology and advanced orthopedic.
SSPHL Fiji director Professor Manu Munibhargav said the free screenings were done in Suva, Nausori, Lautoka, Ba and the Queen Elizabeth Barracks in Nabua.
Prof Munibhargav said they were expecting around 5000 people to get screened for cardiology.
He said more than 300 women got screened for oncology and a similar number of Pap smears was also done.
There were more than 200 people who took advantage of the free screenings in advanced orthopedic, namely for joint replacement surgeries.
Of those screened for cardiology, about 60 were suggested to have angiogram done to detect blockages in their hearts.
Prof Munibhargav said after the angiograms, about 15 were identified for heart surgeries, some for angioplasty and some for medical management of the disease.
He said the team was waiting for reports to come from India before they could ascertain the exact number of new cases of breast and cervical cancer in women.
He said the test results had to be sent to India for technical reasons.
"About 10 people were identified for joint replacement surgeries which can be done here while more than 25 were advised for treatment overseas," he said.
The cardiac team led by Dr Chandrashekhar Kulkarni was expected to start performing open-heart surgeries at the Colonial War Memorial Hospital in Suva yesterday.
The advanced orthopedic surgeries will be held at Lautoka Hospital this week.
Like previous years, SSPHL Fiji is also making arrangements with overseas donors for financial assistance for those people who would not be able to afford the full cost of heart surgery.
Prof Munibhargav said The Fiji Times also partly funded a patient last year to undergo the life saving procedure.
People interested in the medical procedures can contact the SSPHL team via email - pacifichealth2000@gmail.com.
Uruguay qualified for the 2019 Rugby World Cup in Japan, beating Canada 32-31 to advance 10-point winners on aggregate.
Source: Associated Press
Uruguay won the first leg of the Americas playoff 38-29 in Vancouver a week ago.
At their fourth Rugby World Cup, the Teros will go in Pool D with Australia, Wales, Georgia, and Fiji.
Canada, who have never missed a Rugby World Cup, has a last chance to qualify through a repechage tournament in November.
As in Vancouver where Uruguay won from 10 points down in the first half, they had to pull off another comeback in the second leg.
Canada started off 15-0 in Montevideo and led 18-10 at halftime.
Uruguay didn't get ahead until the 64th minute, when inside center Andres Vilaseca hacked a dropped pass by the Canadians and scooped and scored in a 40-meter move.
Canada replied with a try to replacement prop Djustice Sears-Duru in a rolling maul, but the one-point lead lasted only five minutes.
Vilaseca pounced on another loose pass to run in another converted try untouched from 30 meters out.
Sources told CNN Trump mostly uses his personal phone instead of the White House switchboard because “he doesn't want Kelly to know who he's talking to.”
"This is potentially a goldmine of intelligence." Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper tells CNN's @DonLemon that President Trump using a personal cell phone could potentially leak confidential information if it's not encrypted. https://t.co/HMzvdddpQB pic.twitter.com/wB9DKMRhGC — CNN Tonight (@CNNTonight) April 24, 2018
Things seem a bit tense between President Donald Trump and White House Chief Of Staff John Kelly.
The commander-in-chief has reportedly been using his personal cellphone to contact lawmakers, friends and advisers outside the West Wing instead of following the government-approved communication protocol – and it might have something to do with Kelly.
Earlier this year, the retired Marine Corps general, who once jokingly expressed his regret over leaving the Department of Homeland Security to join Trump by saying “I did something wrong and God punished me,” downgraded Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner's security clearances.
To the Trump family, this move reportedly felt like a “betrayal,” which widened the already growing rift between the president and his aide, claimed the sources at the time.
According to the CNN, a source recently revealed Trump has begun using his personal phone instead of using the White House switchboard because “he doesn't want Kelly to know who he's talking to.”
As the Huff Post pointed out, the Kelly can obtain a log of everyone Trump has called through that switchboard. However, if Trump uses his own phone, he can easily bypass Kelly – or anyone else, for that matter.
“He uses it a lot more often more recently,” a senior official told CNN, adding Trump “is talking to all sorts of people on it” and these private calls are a “recent development.”
At least three officials also said Trump is now directly reaching out to the Republican lawmakers at a renewed pace.
“Basically, at this point, he's just sort of engaging on his own,” said a source. “Kelly used to be more clearly the gatekeeper than he is now from a Hill standpoint ... I don't know that [Trump] even is running it by the chief of staff anymore.”
During a recent interview with the network, former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper called the reports “troubling.”
“He may be keeping things from his chief of staff, but he will elicit the interest of foreign intelligence services,” he told host Don Lemon. “This is potentially a gold mine of intelligence for them. Even if he is using some kind of secure app, there's all kind of inferential things you can derive from the fact he's doing that ... even if you don't get the content.”
Thumbnail/Banner Credits: Reuters, Carlos Barria
Ricky Willis and his wife Naomi were once £43,000 ($81,000) in debt after maxing out several credit cards and taking out a high interest payday loan to help with repayments.
But just four years later, the couple are living debt free.
Speaking to The Sun, Ricky, 39, from Tunbridge Wells, Kent, revealed how he had to scrimp and save to pay back his debt by setting aside money every month and making "lots of sacrifices".
The couple, who have two daughters, cut down on non-essential bills and trawled through websites looking for freebies.
Advertisement
Ricky says he feels a huge amount of "freedom" now he is debt free, and their money struggles inspired him to start his popular blog Skint Dad.
The couple's problems began when Ricky was made redundant from his machine operator job at a printing firm, and then Naomi, 34, lost her insurance job a year later.
They began taking out credit cards to cover living costs before maxing them out and opening more.
Ricky said: "Being in debt just became normal. We felt pressure as we realised we were getting trapped into a cycle of debt, but couldn't see a way out."
They decided to take out a payday loan to help pay off the debt but it came with huge interest and they were only adding on to what they already owed.
They realised they were at breaking point when they had no other options and had run out of food.
A week before Naomi's last payday they had just £6.20 ($11.80) to his name and only had four nappies left for their baby daughter.
He previously wrote on his blog: "When you're faced with a situation like that, what is the first thing you do? Well, the first thing we did was panic, then cry, then panic again."
Their first step was to take stock of how much food they had left, and realised they could feed their children for four days if they skipped some meals themselves.
Once the food was gone they spent their last remaining money on nappies, pasta and frozen food to eat for the rest of the week.
Ricky said: "We wanted to savour every penny and not let it go. For the first time – in probably forever – that money was the most precious thing in our lives."
To take control of their debts they set up individual payment plans with all their creditors, cut back on all on their outgoings and started looking for ways to bring in extra cash.
They looked on websites like Freecycle for freebies and would try to save a little money every month.
In 2013 they set up Skint Dad in which Ricky advises readers on how to save money, and the family are not debt free.
Ricky admitted: "It takes hard work, determination and a lot of sacrifice.
"But it's worth it, just for the feeling of freedom when your money becomes your money, and you can start planning a life being debt free."
The number of complaints about high-cost credit has reached its highest level on record, raising concerns about how lenders treat vulnerable consumers.
In 2017-18, the number of complaints about consumer credit rose by 40 per cent to just over 36,300, according to the Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS).
More than half related to payday loans, with customers warning the ombudsman about irresponsible lending and unaffordable loans.
Yankee tradition, meet the 21st century.
The Yankees have unveiled a handful of shiny new toys at their home stadium, which fans can test out as early as Monday, when the team plays its home opener, against the Rays.
Fans can drop their children off at the “Sunrun Kids Clubhouse,” where they can imitate their favorite Yankees on the miniature field complete with baseball-themed equipment. Grown-ups can then head over to the adult zone, featuring new decks, drink rails with USB outlets for phones and tablets and a sports lounge with TVs airing those sports they're missing.
Looking to wash down those drinks with your average stadium fare? You can scrap the hotdog and peanuts for a french onion dip sandwich and barbecue chicken wings at your choice of new meat vendors.
Just don't forget to pad your wallet before your day in The Bronx: The more novel the food, the steeper the price.
Rapper Felix Blume, known by his stage name Kollegah, sparked controversy earlier this month with a song that contained the line: "My body is more defined than those of Auschwitz inmates." That the line pops up rather abruptly in the song makes it stand out all the more, and has helped to fuel the media firestorm surrounding Blume and his colleague Farid Bang, with whom he recorded the track, titled "Jung Brutal Gutaussehend 3" (Young, Brutal, Good Looking 3).
It is not the first time Blume has made reference to Germany's Nazi era in his music. His earlier music contains lyrics about the "final solution to the rapper question" the SS and the Wehrmacht.
In their introduction to their anthology "Deutscher Gangsta-Rap" sociologist Martin Seeliger and social-psychologist Marc Dietrich write that a central characteristic of rap is the "presentation of hardness," the "presentation elements of power fixation" and "versions of hyper-masculinity." Anti-Semitism does not necessarily have a history within the genre, but the sales figures of Kollegah's album indicate that his fan base is still supportive of his work.
Watch video 28:31 Share The dark side of rap Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2wXEi The dark side of rap
A new form of anti-Semitism
The fact that Blume converted to Islam at the age of 15 has fueled the ongoing debate in Germany over Islam and the issue of anti-Semitism. An incident earlier this month in Berlin, in which a young Syrian man was filmed attacking two other young men wearing kippahs with a belt, sparked uproar in the country.
"Other than the classic anti-Semitism from the right and increasingly the left, anti-Semitism among Muslims poses great challenges to us," the head of the Central Council of Jews in Germany, Daniel Botmann, said several days ago during a speech in Berlin. It is important to keep in mind that Israeli anti-Semitism is not a problem that only exists in Muslim communities, he went on. "Nonetheless, Muslim communities must credibly and thoroughly fight anti-Semitism within their own ranks and make it their own matter."
A similar sentiment was expressed back in December by then-Justice Minister (and now Foreign Minister) Heiko Maas. He said the principle that anti-Semitism will not be accepted in Germany must be conveyed "not only to every German student, but also to the people who have come to Germany in the past few months and years as refugees. Many have hardly had any reason to deal with German history. On the contrary, they often come from countries in which the powerful stir up hate for Jews and Israel and anti-Semitism has almost become a cultural matter of fact."
Read more: Opinion: Anti-Semitic violence? Germany must decide
Counter measures required
Resolute counter measures are called for, said Ahmad Mansour, a Muslim social psychologist from Israel, in a German political TV talk show this past weekend — adding that such measures are nowhere in sight. "We don't offer clear values to the youths and other people who approach us," he said. "We don't show them what society expects of them, we don't tell them why this society won't tolerate anti-Semitism."
Demands are twice as high on the society that accepts migrants in their midst in times when some of these migrants apparently do not or at least not sufficiently deal with the standards of the country they have moved to, perhaps don't even accept them.
The Muslim communities have to take a stand, too, according to Mansour: "We need mosques that do more than stage vigils, or participate in the German Islam Conference's press conference only to say, that's something we condemn. We need mosques that will say during Friday prayer that in this country, people must not question Israel's right to exist."
The federal government says the Canadian public broadly supports the tight regulations it has proposed for marijuana packaging, which will include a bright red stop sign emblazoned with a pot leaf and the letters THC.
Health Canada unveiled the results Monday of a 60-day consultation around its proposed regulations, in which it emphasized a focus on reducing the appeal of marijuana to youth and preventing accidental consumption.
The proposed regulations would require logos to be a single colour, with no metallic or fluorescent finishes. Packages would have to be opaque and child-resistant, with a bright yellow health warning similar to those used on tobacco products.
“We are taking a public health approach to legalizing and regulating cannabis, and we are committed to keeping cannabis out of the hands of children and youth,” Health Minister Ginette Petitpas Taylor said in a statement.
“Measures such as the packaging and labelling requirements announced today will help to achieve this goal.”
READ MORE: Legal marijuana won't hit shelves before August
Packaging would also have to describe how much active ingredient is contained in the product, including THC and cannabidiol.
Cannabis legislation is currently before Parliament and none of the regulations are final until approved by legislators. Once approved, the restrictions will apply immediately to recreational marijuana, while a Health Canada official says medical marijuana packaging will be granted a six-month window to comply.
The consultation received more than 3,200 online submissions and 450 written responses, as well as input from health and law enforcement experts, governments, patient advocates and industry representatives.
Health Canada also proposed two new categories of small-scale producers — micro-cultivators and micro-processors — where lower-level security requirements would apply to businesses that grow or process smaller amounts of marijuana.
Micro-cultivators would be allowed to grow marijuana with a plant canopy of 200 square metres, which Health Canada described as equivalent to half the space between the blue lines on a standard Canadian hockey rink.
Legislation to legalize recreational marijuana is currently before the Senate, with the federal government hoping to see it passed and given royal assent by early July.
Geordon Omand, The Canadian Press
Sara Carter reported this afternoon…
BREAKING: @FBI Director Christopher Wray and DOJ wants all names redacted from #FISAMemo putting pressure on White House and House Intelligence Committee, Government officials say … is releasing names a threat to national security?
Story last night from Sara:
Memo Being ‘Slow-Rolled' At White House… ‘Concerted Effort' To Delay Trump…
FBI Calling for names to be “redacted” in “The Memo” defeats the purpose of “The Memo” in providing the transparency into the rogue actions of those named! Seems like FBI in total CYA mode after Wray read Memo#Transparency #ReleaseTheMemo #AmericansHaveTheRightToKbow
— Rep. Jeff Duncan (@RepJeffDuncan) February 1, 2018
Attorney General Doug Chin joined a friend-of-the-court brief on behalf of Hawaiʻi and 17 other states in English v. Mulvaney, a lawsuit challenging President Trump's decision to appoint Mick Mulvaney as the acting director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
The brief, led by District of Columbia Attorney General Karl A. Racine, argues that maintaining CFPB's independence is crucial to protecting consumers, and that Congress ensured this independence by creating a specific plan for succession.
Richard Cordray was the first director of the agency, which is designed to serve as an independent consumer advocate and check on the power of large financial-services businesses. He stepped down last month and, under the act that created the CFPB, his deputy director, Leandra English, became the acting director.
Trump, citing an earlier federal law, claimed he had authority to appoint an acting director and selected Mulvaney, the director of the Office of Management and Budget.
Officials say Mulvaney has been an outspoken critic of the CFPB and while serving in Congress, voted to weaken the agency's authority and questioned its existence.
Ms. English brought suit to challenge Trump's effort.
“The CFPB has been a crucial partner in protecting consumers in the District and elsewhere, and we won't stand by and watch it become just another arm of an administration that has demonstrated far more affinity for corporate interests than everyday consumers,” Attorney General Racine said. “We believe the law and justice are on our side.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Since the CFPB began operations in 2011, the agency has handled more than a million consumer complaints and returned nearly $12 billion to the pockets of more than 29 million consumers—five times more than the agency itself costs taxpayers to fund. Among other efforts to help consumers, the CFPB has reached multiple settlements with banks, debt collectors, and other predatory lenders.
The amicus brief argues that allowing President Trump to circumvent the law regarding who serves as acting director compromises the agency's independence.
“Attempts to dismantle Congress's careful and concerted efforts in structuring the CFPB as a truly independent agency would, if successful, harm the Amici States' ability to enforce the many consumer financial laws that protect their residents,” the brief says.
In addition to Hawaiʻi and the District of Columbia, the attorneys general of California, Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Mexico, New York, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, and Washington State joined the brief.
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
Andy Goldsworthy, Montage by iuri, Sticks Framing a Lake (source: Iuri Kothe on Flickr
A message-based microservices architecture offers many advantages, making solutions easier to scale and expand with new services. The asynchronous nature of interservice interactions inherent to this architecture, however, poses challenges for user-initiated actions such as create-read-update-delete (CRUD) requests on an object. CRUD requests sent via messages may be lost or arrive out of order. Or, multiple users may publish request messages nearly simultaneously, requiring a repeatable method for resolving conflicting requests. To avoid these complexities, user-initiated actions are often treated synchronously, often via direct API calls to object management services. However, these direct interactions compromise some of the message-based architecture's benefits by increasing the burden of managing and scaling the object-management service.
The ability to handle these scenarios via message-based interactions can prove particularly useful for managing objects that can be modified both by direct user interaction and by service-initiated requests, as well as for enabling simultaneous user updates to an object. In this blog post, we discuss an asynchronous pattern for implementing user-initiated requests via decoupled messages in a manner that can handle requests from multiple users and handle late-arriving messages.
A simple scenario: Team management
To illustrate our pattern, let us consider a Team Service that manages teams in a software-as-a-service solution. Teams have multiple users, or team members, associated with them. Teams also have two attributes that any team member can request to update: screen-name and display color-scheme. In this scenario, only one user, User A, has permission to make requests to create or delete any team. Any user can request to read the state of any team. All permissions and security policies, including team membership, are managed by a separate authorization service that can be accessed synchronously. User interaction is facilitated by a user-interaction service, which allows users to publish CRUD requests to the message bus. Those events are then retrieved by the Team Service, which stores all allowed requests into an event registry and collapses that request history into the current state of a team upon receipt of a READ request.
While the addition of a user-interaction service increases the complexity of the user's interaction with Team Service, it results in a more scalable and efficient architecture overall. The user-interaction service can be used to publish user requests for any other service as well, so that scaling up to accommodate bursts in user activity can be confined to the user-interaction service and applied to other services secondarily as needed. This approach also minimizes network traffic throughout the architecture, as all external calls are handled by this service. And while this post describes a solution that checks policies at the time of message receipt, a more sophisticated user-interaction service could implement policy checking at the time of publication.
Let us consider a use case where multiple users are attempting to update and read the state of a team. Figure 1 shows the request messages, the time they were published to the message bus, the time they were received by the Team Service, and the messages published to the message bus by the Team Service in response.
Figure 1. Incoming request messages and output messages published based on the message-based interprocess communication pattern described in this post. Figure courtesy of Arti Garg & Jon Powell.
The output messages published by the Team Service based on our pattern demonstrate how we achieve eventual consistency with the users' desired team state. Our Team Service denies all requests the requesting user does not have permission to make. It also denies any UPDATE or DELETE request associated with a team that does not already exist. Team state is determined by the most recent updates to each team attribute, following an event-sourcing pattern based on request publication time. In this example, we note that message 4 is a “late arrival.” Although it arrived after message 3, it resulted in no change to the Team A state. By 10:12:02, Team A is in a state consistent with all user requests, despite requests coming from multiple users and late-arriving messages. In our implementation, as illustrated by message 9, we include a message time-out for late arrivals beyond a maximum latency time (TIME_OUT_LATENCY = 10 min).
Solution approach
We can achieve the output shown in Figure 1 using two simple sets of rules: business rules and state aggregation rules. Business rules govern how to process incoming request messages. These rules are applied to messages in the order they are received. State aggregation rules govern how to resolve state based on request message history. These rules are applied to the messages in the event registry in the order they were published to the message bus by the requestor. In order to most quickly approach consistency with the state desired by the requestors, this distinction is critical. State should be resolved based on the order requests are published, not the order they are received. This ensures that late-arriving messages do not supersede more recent requests that are in conflict with them.
This example applies the following business rules:
For all messages, check (i) message format, (ii) whether the request was received more than TIME_OUT_LATENCY time after it was published, and (iii) whether the requestor has permission to make the request. Publish request DENIED events to the message bus if any of these checks fail.
For valid messages, query state of target team. Publish request DENIED events to the message bus for the following: UPDATE and DELETE requests for teams that do not already exist. CREATE requests for teams that already exist. Publish all others CREATE, UPDATE, DELETE requests to the event registry. Query target team state and publish Team CREATED, Team UPDATED, or Team DELETED if there is a change in team state. For READ requests, publish team STATE message to the message bus.
In this example, we resolve state from the messages in the event registry by applying the following state aggregation rules to implement the event-sourcing pattern:
Determine whether target team exists. Find all CREATE and DELETE request messages for the target team. If the most recently published request is CREATE, the team exists. If the most recently published request is DELETE, the team does not exist. If there are no CREATE or DELETE requests for a target team, it does not exist.
If the team exists, find all request messages associated with the target team that were published after the most recently published CREATE request in the event registry. The value for each team attribute is the value set in the most recently published message where it is set or updated. Any updates to that attribute in messages published earlier are ignored.
Solution design
We implement our pattern using a simple architecture that consists of: i) an append-only event registry that stores allowed events, ii) a state engine, and iii) a business rules engine. Notably, our architecture does not include a persistent object store, which is common in a command query responsibility segregation (CQRS) pattern. This is because the addition of an object store would require adding processes and architectural components to maintain its consistency with the event registry, introducing the possibility of conflicting “sources of truth” between the event registry and the object store. Replacing the object store with an event registry and a state engine allows us to reap the advantages of event sourcing, such as auditability and traceability, without additional complexity. And our simple algorithms allow us to quickly resolve incoming request messages, including late arrivals, to respond to READ requests. Figure 2 illustrates our architecture design.
Figure 2. Service architecture. This figure illustrates a simple architecture for implementing our proposed pattern. Figure courtesy of Arti Garg & Jon Powell.
This simple service design minimizes latency in the write path for incoming request messages. And while resolving state does require aggregating multiple messages in the event registry, our algorithm is simple and efficient. By sorting messages by publication time, we can determine state by parsing messages backward in time until the state of all attribute values is known. Regardless of how many UPDATE requests are published, our algorithm only requires parsing enough messages to know the value for each attribute.
In cases where the object being managed is more complex, there are additional rules governing user interactions or how state is determined, or more detailed security policies are needed; our pattern can readily be augmented while maintaining the same architecture. As the event registry grows, we can improve efficiency and reduce registry query load by adding refinements such as caching the most recently resolved state for each object or periodically adding resolved state to the registry and limiting queries to messages received after state publication.
Summary
Event sourcing and asynchronous, message-based interprocess interactions provide an attractive architectural principle for building a scalable, flexible, microservice-based software. User-initiated CRUD operations, however, create challenges for these patterns due to the possibility of lost or late-arriving messages. In this blog post, we suggest a simple architecture and set of algorithms for asynchronously handling user-initiated CRUD requests. A notable feature of our solution is the lack of an object store, which results in a greatly simplified architecture over a traditional CQRS solution. We replace the object store with an immutable, append-only event registry and a state engine, which provides the auditability advantages of the event-sourcing pattern. Overall, our solution provides a simple framework for implementing message-based, user-initiated CRUD operations that can be easily modified for a variety of applications.
HONG KONG: The vote for Hong Kong's new leader kicks off this week, but most of its 3.8 million-strong electorate will have no say in choosing the winner, prompting calls for an overhaul of a system skewed towards Beijing.
It is the first leadership vote since mass pro-democracy protests in 2014 failed to win political reform and comes as fears grow that China is tightening its grip on semi-autonomous Hong Kong.
As the first round of voting begins, the four candidates are wooing the public — dropping in to no-frills cafés to eat local dishes with ordinary folk. But to little avail.
The winner will be chosen by a committee of 1,200 representatives of special interest groups, weighted towards Beijing. According to a count by local media, only around a quarter are in the pro-democracy camp.
The representatives are selected by a pool of around 230,000 voters from sectors ranging from business to education, and include the city's 70 lawmakers.
Democracy campaigners and some residents say it is inevitable the winner will answer to Chinese authorities — activists already vilify current leader Leung Chun-ying as a puppet of Beijing.
“The members of the electoral committee are only looking out for their own interests, how can they represent the Hong Kong people?” says engineer Stone Shek, 49.
Hong Kongers were offered the chance to vote for the next leader in a Beijing-backed reform package, which stipulated that candidates must first be vetted, triggering the huge 2014 “Umbrella Movement” rallies.
The proposal, dismissed by protesters as “fake democracy”, was eventually voted down by lawmakers and the reform process has since been shelved.
Shek said rejecting the proposal was the right thing to do.
But others fear Chinese authorities will never compromise.
“They didn't heed the tens of thousands that came out to protest the Umbrella Movement,” said IT worker Tony So, 42, who believes anyone over 18 should be able to vote for the leader.
Election committee members start nominating their favourite candidate in the first round of voting on Tuesday.
Each needs 150 votes by March 1 to participate in the final election by the same committee on March 26.
Tough former deputy leader Carrie Lam is considered Beijing's favourite, while ex-finance secretary John Tsang is the other main contender, seen as a more moderate voice and leading in public opinion polls.
They take on hardliner Regina Ip and former judge Woo Kwok-hing, who is considered most sympathetic to the democracy camp.
Veteran activist Leung Kwok-hung — known as “Long Hair” — has said he may enter the race, but as yet there is no clear candidate from the pro-democracy side.
Many democracy supporters thought there was little point fielding a candidate who would have no chance with the pro-Beijing committee, says activist and academic Chan Kin-man.
Instead, democratic committee members would likely back Tsang as the “lesser evil”, he told AFP.
Activist Benny Tai, who founded the Occupy movement that helped galvanise the 2014 protests, compared the election to a “horse race” that residents can observe, but not influence.
“We need to work hard to maintain the movement and we will continue to strive for democracy,” he told AFP.
Campaigners say they are playing the long game, hoping to build representation from the ground up — citywide public elections in September saw former Umbrella Movement leaders become lawmakers.
But since then, two pro-independence legislators have been barred from taking up their seats after Beijing protests, while other pro-democracy figures are also facing disqualification.
Some residents say they have faith the election committee will choose the right leader.
“The people in the ‘small circle' also want Hong Kong to prosper and develop,” said finance analyst Polly Chen, 50.
But eventually, Chen added, Hong Kongers should decide.
“We have to start somewhere,” she said of the road to reform.
“We may get it wrong, but we need to start.”
— AFP
Letter to the Editor:
I read with interest Mr. Saltonstall's letter to the press arguing that enough homework has been done and it is time to get on with plans to renovate the Town House. We have no doubt that the Town House Building Committee has done a great deal of homework. Our impression, however, is that most of the THBC's work focused on renovating the Town house. Yes, the THBC looked at some preliminary designs for a new building on the baseball field behind the existing Town building, but it dismissed that option early on. Building new at the VFW site also was not an option at that time.
In its presentation at the recent public forum, for comparing building new with the cost estimates for renovating the Town house, THBC took the preliminary design and cost work which was done for that new building at the ball field and relocated it to the VFW site. That proposed two-story building is 13,000 GSF, including 1,000 square feet of meeting space, with a projected total cost of $9,140,613 or $703 per square foot.
To meet the needs of Marion, a new building does not need to be nearly as large as 13,000 square feet and should cost much less than $700 per square foot. Here is why:
– Building new presents the opportunity to totally rethink the use of space and to reduce and refine the amount of office space and common space. A flexible and open design also will provide flexibility to respond to future change.
– Plans for the new building can take into consideration existing Town facilities. For example, it does not need an 850-square foot meeting room. (Such a meeting room already was eliminated in the THBC's option 3A for renovating the Town House.) We have the Music Hall for large meetings.
– With a new building, the Town can eliminate most onsite paper record storage through the smart use of technology and electronic access to documents. Paper documents can go into cold storage at, for example, Atlantis Drive (which is essentially next door to the VFW site).
– Sale of the existing Town House to a developer (with a historic deed restriction) is likely to save the town the cost of remediating the mold and asbestos in the Town House and the cost of having to temporarily relocate town offices during the renovation. This way, the historic building can be restored in its present location well into the future.
– Converting the Town House to condos (or apartments or senior living) will generate badly needed incremental tax revenues reducing the effective cost of the new building by an estimated $1 million per the analysis of the Chair of the Town's finance committee. And, the condos meet a real need for more housing options for senior citizens who desire to downsize but to stay in the Village.
There are 6.5 acres at the VFW site, so building the new Town administrative building there in no way jeopardizes the Town's commitment to dedicate the existing VFW building to a senior center. In fact, having the new town building on the VFW site is likely to greatly enhance the setting through better landscaping, parking, etc.
Before moving ahead with the renovation of the Town House, more homework needs to be put into determining the appropriate size, design, and cost of a new building. We owe it to the citizens of Marion to provide them full and accurate information regarding the cost and conceptual design of an attractive new building so they can make a well- informed choice between renovating and building new.
John P. Waterman, Marion
The views expressed in the “Letters to the Editor” column are not necessarily those of The Wanderer, its staff or advertisers. The Wanderer will gladly accept any and all correspondence relating to timely and pertinent issues in the great Marion, Mattapoisett and Rochester area, provided they include the author's name, address and phone number for verification. We cannot publish anonymous, unsigned or unconfirmed submissions. The Wanderer reserves the right to edit, condense and otherwise alter submissions for purposes of clarity and/or spacing considerations. The Wanderer may choose to not run letters that thank businesses, and The Wanderer has the right to edit letters to omit business names. The Wanderer also reserves the right to deny publication of any submitted correspondence.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Cation Exchange Resin Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Cation Exchange Resin market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are BASF, Mitsubishi Chemical Holdings, ION EXCHANGE, LANXESS, The Dow Chemical Company, Thermax Global, Thermax Global, Eichrom Technologies, Finex, Novasep, Purolite. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Cation Exchange Resin Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-cation-exchange-resin-market/10343/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Cation Exchange Resin market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Cation Exchange Resin market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Cation Exchange Resin Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Cation Exchange Resin. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Cation Exchange Resin in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Strongly Acidic, Weak Acid.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Desalination, Food Industry, Beverage Industry, Mining, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Cation Exchange Resin Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-cation-exchange-resin-market/10343/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Cation Exchange Resin new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Cation Exchange Resin market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Cation Exchange Resin industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
25 participating restaurants and bars will offer food and drink specials every Thursday beginning June 15 through August 31, 2017
Honeycomb Ice Cream from The Franklin Fountain, available at the Block Party!
End
-- Old City District showcases its thriving dining scene with the return of Old City Eats! Old City Eats kicks off Thursday, June 15with the launch of a new outdoor Block Party on 2nd Street between Market and Chestnut Streets from 5:00-8:00pm.Old City Eats runs every Thursday through August 31, 2017 from 5:00pm to 8:00pm. More than 25 participating restaurants and bars will offer at least one half-priced appetizer and at least one $4 beer featuring Penn Beer and one $5 cocktail featuring Faber Liquors.The outdoor Old City Eats Block Party on June 15 will feature 15 Old City Eats participants as well as The Franklin Fountain and Mama's Meatballs. Stroll 2nd Street and enjoy live music as Old City showcases the wide variety of styles and flavors while highlighting some of the neighborhood's best food and drinks! Old City Eats participants will also offer food and drink specials at their respective locations. The full list of participating restaurants, along with their menus, is found at oldcitydistrict.org/ oldcityeats Old City Eats spotlights the best of Old City's culinary scene all summer long, that now includes over 80 restaurants, bars, coffee shops and other eateries. Old City Eats features food, cocktails and atmospheres that that will appeal to every taste including the ever popular Continental and Cuba Libre Restaurant & Rum Bar, notable newcomers like The Little Lion and Common Wealth Old City, neighborhood mainstays like Eulogy Belgian Tavern, Khyber Pass Pub, Nick's Bar & Grille and Sassafras, constant trendsetters like High Street on Market, and outdoor dining destinations like Positano Coast by Aldo Lamberti and Keating's Rope & Anchor Bar + Kitchen.Offerings are designed to appeal to neighborhood locals, to business people looking to enjoy sips with their co-workers, and to visiting tourists exploring America's most historic square mile."Our focus for Old City Eats is spotlighting the neighborhood's impressive and evolving list of dining options," said Old City District Executive Director Job Itzkowitz. "With more than 25 restaurants and bars participating, there's something to appeal to every palette,including Italian, Cuban, Mexican, British and other global cuisines. We have as diverse of a culinary scene as anywhere in the city! Whether you visit an old favorite or experience something new, Old City Eats will take you on a culinary journey that will last all summer long."This year, Old City Eats is sponsored by Penn Beer and Faber Liquors.Live jazz music by the Keli Vale Trio at the Old City Eats Block Party courtesy of Spotluck.Old City Eats dining and drink options may be updated during the summer by participating restaurants. Please check Old City's website, as well as with the participating restaurant, for any changes.For the latest information as well as a list of activities and attractions to pair with Old City Eats and the kick-off block party on June 15, visit oldcitydistrict.org , follow @OldCityDistrict on Twitter, Like Old City District on Facebook and follow @oldcityphilly on Instagram!
Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara, announced Thursday that the Santa Maria Airport has been awarded a nearly $7.5 million grant from the Federal Aviation Administration's Airport Improvement Program to complete the second phase of the runway extension.
The grant is expected to cover 95 percent of the project's costs. The AIP is funded exclusively by fees paid by airline travelers, and not taxpayer dollars.
“Every year the Santa Maria Airport contributes millions of dollars to our local economy, and the building of the new runway will create local construction jobs right here on the Central Coast while encouraging long-term economic growth,” Capps said. “Extending the runway will allow the airport to accommodate larger planes, bringing travelers and business leaders from all over the world to the Central Coast. It will also enhance the safety of airline passengers and our local communities.”
“There is no doubt in anyone's mind that the future of the Santa Maria Valley depends on an infrastructure that will support creation of small business, expansion of our current economic base' and an inducement to bring in new businesses and new jobs,” said Hugh Rafferty, president of the Santa Maria Airport Board of Directors. “The runway expansion project is a vital part of that infrastructure and is without a doubt the engine that will drive the local economy for years to come, starting with the infusion of almost $7.5 million into the local community in construction alone.”
A longer runway at the Santa Maria Airport will enhance safety for users by allowing for a longer stopping distance during inclement weather. Also, by providing additional takeoff distance, planes will be able to depart with extra fuel and/or cargo. Room for extra fuel or cargo will allow greater flexibility for air tankers contracted by the U.S. Forest Service for firefighting operations, or for private aircraft that need the extra fuel to make it to Hawaii, Asia or other distant destinations.
Additionally, the longer runway will provide opportunities for aviation businesses looking for a West Coast base of operations, expanded airline service and a more capable facility for larger transport aircraft in response to any regional emergencies.
— Ashley Schapitl is press secretary for Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara.
Black Caps batsman Ross Taylor is touch and go to be fit for the pink ball day-night test against England, starting at Eden Park on Thursday.
The Herald understands that Taylor won't be 100 per cent fit, but will play if his thigh problem has 90 per cent recovered.
Martin Guptill was added to the test squad yesterday with selector Gavin Larsen noting the top order batsman added more depth to the team.
"We opted for extra batting cover for that final spot and with Martin having been playing in the middle-order recently, he can cover a number of positions for us," Larsen said.
Advertisement
"Ross is progressing nicely and is expected to take a full part in training tomorrow. The team are looking forward to what will be a special match beginning on Thursday," Larsen added.
Taylor missed the final ODI against England earlier this month after a match-winning 181 not out led the Black Caps to victory on the fourth game in Dunedin.
Taylor scored 107 in his last test innings against the West Indies in December, which equalled Martin Crowe and Kane Williamson for the most test tons by a New Zealand player.
The issue of religion as it pertains to the qualifications of presidential candidates, while sometimes amusing, is not without genuine importance. Concerns about religion in government are empirically justified. Throughout human history, religion when combined with political power has been and continues to be used as a tool of oppression, a hindrance to sensible public policy, and an obstacle to human intellectual progress.
Yet, supporters of those candidates trumpeting their religious faith say that fears of religious doctrine subverting constitutional law and dismissing science are unfounded. It is all simply secularist hysteria. “Secularist” has become a handy term to label those who do not fully subscribe to Christian doctrine, or is used as a pejorative for “scientific” — science frequently being inconvenient to theology.
But, we need only look back at our previous pious president, George W. Bush, to observe how a president's strong religious beliefs can pollute public policy. The Bush administration's efforts to hinder family-planning programs around the world and to interfere with stem-cell research have impaired human welfare. Undoubtedly, he believed he was doing God's will.
Mitt Romney, Michele Bachman and Rick Perry are the current front-running Republican presidential candidates for whom religion is a strong focus. Romney does not wear his faith like a neck tattoo as do the other two, but, being a Mormon, his brand of Christianity is suspect to other Christians. Apparently a god who communicates through a hat is less credible than one who communicates through burning shrubbery.
Of the three candidates, however, Romney is probably the least religiously addled. Bachman appears to be ardently devout. If she were a Muslim, she would be wearing a burka. Bachmann relies on her faith rather than science to evaluate the cause of homosexuality, which she considers sinful behavior that can be corrected. This belief permits her to support denying equal rights to homosexuals. Undoubtedly, she believes she is doing God's will.
Perry, on the other hand, may be more of a convenient Christian, similar to the Pharisees that Jesus Christ warned were ostentatiously devout but used their public piety for personal gain. Like Bush, Perry wants to enlist the politically active Christian right and win over the vast flock of Christian voters. His convening a Christian day of prayer and fasting to “seek God's wisdom” in addressing America's problems was a politically expedient public display of his piety — if not an off day for grocery stores and restaurants.
Perry as president could be another setback for rational government, for science and for confronting human causes of climate change, which Perry dismisses as unproven scientific theory. He feels the same about evolution, so under President Perry the dumbing down of America might well include teaching creationism as a valid alternative to evolution.
But, consider the evidence for either. Evolution derives from ongoing objective scientific research, while creationism is supported by the Bible, a frozen compilation of folk tales written thousands of years ago by goat-sacrificing prophets and oppressed people hoping for a messiah — not much scientific research there, ongoing or otherwise.
If Perry thinks that climate change and evolution are unproven scientific theories, what then is Christianity, or virtually any religion? The truth about all religions is that they are theories, but unlike scientific theories they never change. Evidence that threatens the theory is rejected. Logical thought that questions the theory is damned as heresy. Unlike science, which continually seeks truth, religion settles on a belief and looks no further. Who or what ever created the universe will never be found through religion.
For 2,000 years now, generations of faithful Christians have believed they were living in the “end times” when the faithful will be spirited away, while the infidels suffer tribulation after which God will renew the earth.
If the holder of the most powerful office on earth not only dismisses the science indicating the human causes of global warming, but also devoutly believes in a religion that promises a new earth ushered in by divine intervention, how motivated is he or she going to be to address any global threat of irresponsible human activity? Why worry about pollution, overpopulation, or even finding peace in the Middle East when the ultimate resolution is preordained in Holy Scripture? Everything is fixed and mankind cannot change it.
For the most important office in the world, how can we consider anyone whose capacity for logic is so short-circuited by devotion to unproven religious theory? I would rather have a rational, objective, clear-minded candidate — a secularist — living in reality than a pious pontificator dictating what science is and relying on prayer or divine intervention to solve real problems.
— Santa Barbara political observer Randy Alcorn can be contacted at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Click here to read previous columns.
What exactly is finance and how can one have a career in finance? Finance is basically all about manging money. This definition can be broken down into two categories – financial services and financial management.
Financial management is about using the organizational funds in a more efficient and effective manner, whether in a business set-up, non-profit agency or a government entity. Financial managers usually devise and implement strategies to expand profitability within an organization.
On the other hand, the financial services industry, is about moving funds between servers and borrowers, supervising investment accounts, assembling capital for governments and businesses, providing investment advice and reducing the risks of financial loss.
In this sector, Professionals have to deal with the debt market, capital market, futures and commodities, hedge funds, mergers & acquisitions, or work in stress fewer areas like banking and insurance sectors and corporate finance. There are various opportunities in accounting and finance jobs where you can learn and grow.
Educational Qualifications for Careers in Finance
1.College Degree: Usually most of the career tracks, mainly at the entry-level, need nothing more than a college degree. A liberal arts degree is a good way to start but having specializations in subjects like economics, finance, business and accounting are going to prove beneficial and help you get various accounting jobs.
2.MBA Degree: Many consider MBA degree as a ‘pseudo-requirement', just a screening tool which helps employers shortlist candidates from a huge pool of applicants. So even though a college degree with a relevant major plus on-the-job training can suffice, an MBA degree has the potential to give you an edge in recruitment as well as in promotions and remuneration.
3.Law Degree: The financial services industry is heavily regulated – whether personal finance, corporate finance, wealth management or insurance – so having a law degree is going to be an advantage. For instance, a financial planner would have to deal with laws relating to estates, trusts, real estate and inheritance whereas asset managers look after the affairs of the super-wealthy may need to offer tax advice on a complex pool of assets.
4.Computer Literacy: Finance professionals are the ones who have to process and analyze data on regular basis, mainly at junior levels, such as financial analysts and even associates, who do all the grunge work. This is most efficiently done by computer software, which helps create databases, with computation and modelling, and preparing charts, graphs and tables.
Career Tracks and Salaries in Finance
Finance sector is not only an interesting sector to work in but also a rewarding sector too.
The salary of a finance specialist almost always involves a bonus or a commission component, which is added to your salary or ‘base pay'. Bonuses are a larger part of one's paycheck at investment banks, asset management firms and brokerages than they are in banking and insurance.
Also, every time you step up or get promoted, a huge percentage of your wages comes in the form of bonuses, which are driven by a combination of your department's profits and those of the company. Unlike bonuses, commissions are formulaic.
Employees like financial advisors who receive commissions generally work in sales positions. Revenues generated by their clients as well as other key metrics such as the value of their clients' accounts drive your commission. In case, you are looking for opportunities, jobs in Noida and Jobs in Gurgaon in the same field are available.
Author: The author is a working professional at EXL Services.
For more information about the career in finance please visit at our career page @ https://outtowin.exlservice.com/
As August's midpoint passes, the summertime arts and entertainment schedule decelerates. Three southern Maine producers and presenters are offering their final shows of the summer.
Maine State Music Theatre is closing its 2017 season in Brunswick with “Newsies,” a rousing Disney show about economic turmoil in the newspaper business –more than 100 years ago.
Deertrees Theatre in Harrison wraps up its regular summer season on Saturday with an appearance by the Tartan Terrors, a rousing Celtic band from Canada.
The 24th season of the Portland Chamber Music Festival also wraps up this Saturday.
In Old Orchard Beach, The Temple continues a bit longer with its season. Bob Milne, who describes himself as “just a saloon piano player,” is this Sunday's guest artist.
‘Newsies'
Dance and spectacle outweigh musical and dramatic interest in Maine State Music Theatre's final show of 2017. “Newsies,” a Disney musical with a book by Harvey Fierstein, music by Alan Menken and lyrics by Jack Feldman, is based on the 1992 Disney movie of the same name.
“Newsies” had a Broadway run of just over 1,000 performances between 2012 and 2014, winning two Tony Awards, including Best Original Score for Menken and Feldman.
The story is very loosely based on real historical events. Set circa 1900 in New York, “Newsies” revolves around economic conflict. Newspaper publishing magnate Joseph Pulitzer's position at the top of the economic food chain is threatened by striking delivery boys, most of whom are ragamuffin teenage orphans. That's David versus Goliath, as we are explicitly, repeatedly informed by Fierstein.
The romantic interest follows an equally overused formula. The hero, the leader of the rebellious newsies, falls in love with Pulitzer's daughter. Then confrontation and conflict segues to a totally predictable denouement, where everybody lives happily ever after.
The main asset of “Newsies” is the incredibly energetic dancing, choreographed by director Marc Robin, who fully exploits the capabilities of a large and highly athletic cast. I was also greatly impressed by Charles Kading's set, which captures the darker side of New York City at the turn of the 20th century.
Maine State Music Theatre presents “Newsies” through Aug. 26 at Pickard Theater on the Bowdoin College campus in Brunswick. Call 725-8769 or visit MSMT.org.
Tartan Terrors
They're not a band; they're an event. That's according to the Tartan Terrors, a kilt-clad sextet from Canada.
The core ensemble comprises five men and one woman; since forming in 1996 they have toured the U.S. and Canada, bringing a mixture of traditional Celtic music infused with contemporary aesthetics and the driving energy of a rock band. Their venues range from folk festivals to college campuses and concert halls. The Tartan Terrors will wrap up the regular summer season at Deertrees Theatre this Saturday in Harrison.
Musical forces include bagpipes, guitar, pipes, drums, fiddle and bodhran (Irish frame drum). Dancers also perform at most gigs. Co-directors are dancer Ellen Wilkes Irmisch and her brother, bodhran player Ian Wilkes Irmisch.
The Tartan Terrors have recorded six CDs, delivering repertoire that ranges from “Whiskey Before Breakfast,” a traditional Celtic fiddle tune, to pieces inspired by German Baroque classical and today's rock.
Catch the Tartan Terrors at 7:30 p.m. Aug. 19 at Deertrees Theatre, 156 Deertrees Road in Harrison. Call 583-6747 or visit Deertrees-Theatre.org.
Portland Chamber Music Festival
The 24th edition of the Portland Chamber Music Festival wraps up with a concert this Saturday, and artistic director Jennifer Elowitch's style is to go out with a flourish.
Elowitch will also go out with her tried-and-true formula of scheduling three works, opening and closing with well-known European composers and using the middle slot to spotlight a contemporary.
She's opening with a set of very early 20th-century art songs by Alban Berg, featuring soprano Tony Arnold. The middle piece is “Gumboots,” written for clarinet and string quartet by David Bruce, a contemporary British composer. “Gumboots” was commissioned for a 2008 Carnegie Hall performance featuring Todd Palmer on clarinet. Palmer has been Elowitch's go-to clarinetist since the festival's inception, and he'll play the work in Portland this Saturday.
The concert (and 2017 season) will conclude with Antonin Dvorak's Serenade for Strings, a lushly melodic 1875 work that remains a favorite with classical audiences. It will also involve 12 musicians – very large for a chamber ensemble.
“We think of each summer season as a celebration, and it's fun to end the two weeks with a big piece that's a party for the audience and for us,” Elowitch told me. “In this case, we've programmed the fantastic Dvorak Serenade for Strings –something we've never played at the festival in 24 seasons. There will be 12 of us performing the Dvorak, including four excellent local players joining us for the occasion. This includes two players from the DaPonte String Quartet, one from the Portland Piano Trio and another who recently retired from the New York Philharmonic and moved to Portland.”
This concert takes place at 7:30 p.m. Aug. 19 at the Abromson Community Education Center, 88 Bedford St., on the University of Southern Maine's Portland campus. Call 800-320-0257 or visit PCMF.org.
Bob Milne
“I'm just a saloon piano player,” insists Bob Milne, Sunday's guest artist at The Temple at Ocean Park, the southernmost section of Old Orchard Beach.
Others are more effusive. When he recorded sessions of ragtime and boogie-woogie for the Library of Congress in 2004, he was described as “a national treasure.” The U.S. State Department has called on him to be a cultural ambassador for our country's musical heritage.
Ragtime and boogie-woogie are Milne's stock in trade, and he's been touring and recording since the early 1990s. As America's premier authority on ragtime performance, Milne conducts an annual Ragtime Retreat for musicians. He's also a master storyteller, and performances are peppered with info about his art form and its traditions.
(Milne has also been involved in telling another great American tale, as composer and lyricist for “The Legend of Sleepy Hollow,” a full-length operatic adaptation of the famous Washington Irving short story of the same title.)
The Temple is one of Maine's most interesting and historic performing spaces. A huge octagonal wooden edifice with a fully visible interior frame, The Temple has served the Ocean Park Association – an affiliate of the Chautauqua movement –every summer since 1881.
Catch Bob Milne at The Temple, 50 Temple Ave. in Old Orchard Beach, at 7:30 p.m. Aug. 20. Call 934-9068.
“Newsies,” a rousing Disney show set in New York more than 100 years ago, wraps up Maine State Music Theatre's season in Brunswick. It runs through Aug. 26.
Methamphetamine was found in the offending vehicle that killed three people in a crash last month.
Police have told Stuff that methamphetamine, consistent with personal use, was found in the ute driven by Haydn David Clark, 20, who crashed killing himself and a married couple near the Thames on April 19.
The Drury man crossed the centre line and collided with a car in which Jocelyn Anne Fielder, 64, and her husband Ian, 66, were travelling, near the Kopu Bridge on State Highway 25.
Initial indications indicate that Haydn Clark was culpable for the crash but police were continuing to investigate the circumstances. Photo / Supplied
Clark's father Jim, 54, was critically injured but has since been discharged.
Advertisement
Police said the ute driven by Clark had been reported stolen after an Auckland purchase believed to have gone wrong.
Clark was also on bail for drugs charges, including manufacturing and supply of methamphetamine, and had absconded from his bail address. He was in breach of his 24-hour curfew at the time.
He also had a history of speeding and crashes, and was also on active driving charges including while disqualified third and subsequent, failing to stop for police and dangerous driving.
He was prohibited from driving and banned from associating with his father.
Anne Fielder and her husband Ian were returning home from a regular Thursday night with friends when they were killed in the crash. Photo / Supplied
Eastern Waikato Police investigations manager, Detective Senior Sergeant Stephen Ambler told Stuff that initial indications suggested Clark caused the crash but investigations were ongoing.
"This is a really serious crash where three people have died. We need to do our very best to make sure both victim's families knows why and how this happened."
Hitting the road this month is the PCPA Education and Outreach Tour. Four actor interns and a stage management intern will travel through Santa Barbara and San Luis Obispo counties from October through May with original theatrical productions produced specifically for local elementary through high school students.
The first production in the tour is a premiere musical, Luis and the Great Field Trip Adventure by Wendy-Marie Foerster and Jason Miller. It's suitable for students in kindergarten through sixth grade.
Luis loves baseball, and he's really good at it, too. But he hates doing homework and doesn't see the point in it. That is until he comes face to face with danger while on a field trip to Nojoqui Falls. Then he realizes he should have paid more attention to his teacher in class. The story also incorporates Chumash legends regarding our natural surroundings, including tree spirits.
Co-creator and SLO resident Foerster is a graduate of the PCPA Conservatory (class of 1993), and has had her award-winning plays produced throughout Europe. Two seasons ago, Foerster directed the second in the Francisco Jimenez Circuit trilogy, Breaking Through. Foerster said because this play is set locally, she hopes it will help students learn about the rich Native American cultural history that's right here in their backyard.
“I would love for that to spark a dialogue between the teacher and the students or the students and their parents,” Foerster said.
Next in the outreach tour is an original adaptation by Education and Outreach Director Leo Cortez, based on Jon Scieszka's book The True Story of the Three Little Pigs. It's suitable for students in kindergarten through sixth grade.
Think you know what really happened to the Three Little Pigs? As it turns out, the story you think you know may have been founded on the biased opinion of a sensationalized news story! Mr. Alexander T. Wolf will finally get his day in court and twelve of your students will be selected to sit in the Jury Box. They will get to decide Mr. Wolf's guilt or innocence in the case of The People vs. A. Wolf. The True Story of the Three Little Pigs tours through May 2012.
Now in its sixth year, My Life=Art is an interactive theater development project suitable for students in kindergarten through fifth grade. It takes stories and life experiences from students and integrates them into a fully staged performance. The project involves two phases. It begins with a PCPA artist who comes into the school to conduct writing workshops with the students. The written work from those students is then distilled into a script and developed into a production that will be performed by PCPA actors for the entire school in the spring of 2012.
My Life=Art is a richly rewarding and creative endeavor for everyone involved. The power of seeing their own story or situation being performed on stage is a life-affirming experience and can play an important role in the development of the students' verbal and written language skills.
Phase 1 will be completed in the fall of 2011, and phase 2 in the spring of 2012. This project typically sells out early.
Click here for more information on PCPA Education and Outreach tour and other activities. To book an Outreach Tour performance visit the website and fill out the Outreach Order From, or call 805.928.7731 x3156.
Public schools in Santa Barbara and San Luis Obispo counties may be eligible for a discount through the Children's Creative Project. For more information, call the Children's Creative Project's SLO office at 805.927.1697 or the Santa Barbara office at 805.964.4711.
— Craig Shafer represents PCPA Theaterfest.
Taylor Swift has won $1 and long-awaited vindication after a jury decided that a radio host groped her during a pre-concert photo op four years ago.
After a week-long trial over duelling lawsuits, jurors determined that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing her backside during a backstage meet-and-greet.
The six-woman, two-man jury also found that Swift's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller's bosses.
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler, Frank Bell, seeking up to US$3 million ($4.11m) for his ruined career.
Advertisement
Just before closing arguments, the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller's lawsuit, saying he had failed to prove that she tried to get Mueller fired or had any reason to believe that someone else may have assaulted her.
US District Judge William Martinez also drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect.
The singer-songwriter said in her countersuit that she wanted a symbolic $1 and the chance to stand up for other women.
Testimony showed that Swift reported she had been groped to her mother and others on her team, but that she never sought any specific action regarding Mueller.
From the start, Swift's side portrayed the encounter as a clear case of sexual assault, even though they never reported it to police. Her mother tearfully testified that she asked Bell to contact Mueller's employers at country station KYGO-FM instead because they wanted to handle the matter quietly and avoid exposing the singer-songwriter to publicity.
Bell contacted a station vice president and asked for an investigation of Mueller's conduct. He also sent the station executive a photo taken of Swift, Mueller and Mueller's then-girlfriend at the meet-and-greet.
In a fiery hour-long stint on the witness stand last week, Swift blasted a low-key characterisation by Mueller's attorney, Gabriel McFarland, of what happened. Mueller testified he never grabbed Swift, but she insisted she was groped.
"He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him," Swift testified.
"It was a definite grab. A very long grab," she added.
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star's skirt or otherwise touching her inappropriately, insisting he touched only her ribs and may have brushed the outside of her skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture.
That photo was virtually the only evidence besides the testimony. In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released, Mueller's hand is behind Swift, just below her waist. Both are smiling. Mueller's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift.
Swift testified that after she was groped, she numbly told Mueller and his girlfriend, "Thank you for coming," and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because she did not want to disappoint them.
But she said she immediately went to her photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of her with Mueller, telling the photographer what happened.
Andrea Swift testified that she asked Bell to call Mueller's employers. They did not call the police to avoid further traumatising her daughter, she said.
"We absolutely wanted to keep it private, but we didn't want him to get away with it," Andrea Swift testified.
Bell said he emailed the photo to Robert Call, KYGO's general manager, for use in Call's investigation of Mueller. He said he didn't ask that Mueller be fired but that "appropriate action be taken".
- AP
STRASBOURG, France: The European Parliament holds a landmark vote Wednesday on a contested EU-Canada free trade deal amid rising anti-globalization sentiment in Europe.
If MEPs back the pact, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is expected to address the parliament in Strasbourg, France on Thursday.
The EU and Canada formally signed the deal in October after seven years of tough talks, overcoming last-minute resistance from a small Belgian region that blocked its national government from approving the accord.
EU leaders hope for a symbolic show of support from the parliament for an imperilled global trade system that also faces a threat from the protectionist US President Donald Trump.
But opponents to the accord, which is known as CETA, delivered a petition to parliament with three and a half million signatures, slamming the deal as a danger to health, democracy and the rule of law.
Despite the pushback, the deal is widely expected to pass, with votes by conservatives, liberals and a divided socialist bloc seen as enough to get it through.
“CETA is the best trade agreement the EU has ever concluded. It will bring Canada and Europe even closer together,” said German MEP Manfred Weber, the head of the conservative EPP group, the parliament's biggest bloc.
Approval by MEPs will allow the provisional implementation of the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) as early as March.
Model for Brexit
Some of the more controversial aspects, including a much-derided investor court system, will require ratification by EU member states, which could take years.
The EU is very ambitious about the deal, calling it Europe's most modern ever, and saying it will become a template for later deals, including with post-Brexit Britain.
CETA will remove 99 percent of customs duties between the two sides, in a big win for European exporters.
And unlike classic trade deals, CETA also attempts to harmonize regulations on matters such as health and the environment.
A flashpoint for opponents is a proposal to set up special courts to settle disputes between investors and national authorities that is central to the deal.
Opponents led by Greenpeace and Foodwatch believe this provision hands too much power to multinationals that will use powerful lawyers to undermine national regulation.
The vote comes at a particularly sensitive time for global trade matters, with Britain poised to leave the European Union and new US president Trump rejecting an Asia-Pacific trade deal.
Trump is also widely expected to drop a similar proposed deal with the EU known as the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership or TTIP.
Trudeau met with Trump on Monday in Washington.
Trump had vowed to put “America first” and rip up the North America Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico, but significantly toned down that rhetoric after meeting Trudeau. AFP
AFP/CC
A trembling needle moves slowly over a roll of paper. If a truck rumbles by, the amplitude gets stronger. If an earthquake occurs — or if someone sets off an atomic bomb underground — the needle will vibrate even more, registering the strength and duration of the event.
This is how seismographs have worked for centuries.
Nowadays, seismometer data isn't recorded on paper. The information is transferred directly to computers worldwide in a matter of seconds, at which point earthquake researchers can analyze it.
As interconnected as it all sounds, though, a weak point remains: The seismometers are usually located at huge distances from one another, all across our globe — often hundreds of kilometers apart. Scientists are then forced to reconstruct the location and magnitude of an earthquake from the records of the nearest seismometers.
This can lead to inaccuracies.
Every four meters
Now, an international team around Philippe Jousset and Thomas Reinsch from the German Research Center for Geosciences (GFZ) have developed a new approach to measure vibrations — using conventional fiber optic data lines.
On the peninsula of Reykjanes in Iceland, they sent laser pulses through a 15-kilometer (nine-mile) data transmission cable that had long been used for telecommunications there.
This cable runs over a known fracture zone between the American and Eurasian continental plates. In order to obtain comparative data, the researchers also installed a dense network of seismometers in the area.
But what they saw using the cable surprised them.
"Our measurements using fiber optic cables depicted the ground far more accurately than ever before," Jousset reported. He added that it was as if a seismometer had been installed every four meters.
Read More: Why an eruption of Bali's Mount Agung is so dangerous
Geophysicist Charlotte Krawczyk of the GFZ also teaches Seismology at the Technical University Berlin.
So how does it work?
"When producing the glass fibers, non-homogeneities remain in the cable," said geophysicist Charlotte Krawczyk, who was involved in the work. "We take advantage of these disturbances, because light is reflected at these points when we send a laser pulse."
In other words, natural kinks in the cable scatter light pulses in a stable, consistent pattern. If the length of the glass fiber changes during an earthquake, the positions of those scattering centers change relative to one another. These tiny differences can be measured by seismologists.
The data from the glass fiber method even revealed further fracture zones and slow soil deformations that lasted several minutes. Detecting such movements is not possible with conventional seismometers.
Though the method is not completely new — physicists have been using fiber optic cables to monitor oil production in wells for years, says Krawczyk — it could nevertheless completely change geological research.
The tested optic fibre cable crosses a fault line in a remote region of Iceland
This is because there are already networks of fiber optic cables all over the world, laid underground and under the sea by telecommunications companies.
The geophysicists estimate that this new method could make it possible take a particular cable and examine up to 50 kilometers of its length for seismological activity.
A wealth of highly precise data could thus be obtained, particularly in urban centers that are highly threatened by earthquakes, such as San Francisco, Istanbul, Mexico City or Tokyo. There are also numerous communication cables in remote regions as well, meaning the fiber optic method could be used there, too.
The technology is also cost-effective. To perform the measurements, the geophysicists only need to use a single fiber from a huge communication cable. Beyond the earthquake data gained from the cable's movements, scientists could also detect changes in water pressure due to wave movements during storms, for example.
That said, the widespread use of fiber optic cables as seismometers will certainly not come overnight. Installing the devices will require negotiations with telecommunications companies and investments in the equipment itself.
Krawczyk hopes, however, that the technology could prevail in the medium term — throughout the entire world.
"That," he told DW, "would be a dream for us!"
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
I ONCE believed that offensive speech shouldn't be allowed to circulate in the marketplace of ideas. I held this view for quite some time, especially when I was still living in the Philippines. When I started living in the Netherlands, my views changed.
I became more and more tolerant of offensive speech, not because I agree with offending anyone but because I've come to learn that the only way to defeat offensive speech is by letting it be confronted rather than silenced. And one cannot confront offensive speech if one is going to censor it.
My major turning point happened during a protest rally I attended at The Hague. The protest aimed at countering the anti-immigrant rally happening elsewhere in the city. When the anti-immigrant protesters started to march towards us, the police formed a protective barrier between us and them.
The police didn't stop the anti-immigrants from saying the most racist speech you could ever imagine i.e. cuss words, slurs, middle fingers, wishing us to die, telling us to go back where we came from.
Instead of complaining about how harsh the other side was, something else happened to me. I appreciated the role of the State (as represented by the police) in upholding the freedom of speech of everyone. The police force was not there to silence anyone but to protect everyone from physical harm. I turned to one of my colleagues and told her: This is freedom.
I'm reminded of this event after hearing Pia Robles Rañada, Rappler's representative in the Malacañang Press Corps, make an issue of bloggers' use of profanity. She questioned whether the administration's social media accreditation policy allows bloggers to use profanity and “write fake news.” Rañada wanted to “implement quality control over the people [given]access to the President.”
Rañada's question is, of course, poppycock. Article 154 of the Revised Penal Code criminalizes publishing false news that puts public order in peril or damages the national interest. Since when did an accreditation policy ever excuse anyone from criminal accountability? So, the gall of Rañada to talk about “quality control” when here she is making a fool of herself spewing nonsense?
Yet what's puzzling is Rañada's concern about how bloggers express themselves in their articles. The profanity of bloggers bothers her. Those who swear in their write-ups can't be in the same room as Rañada when she covers the President. But why exactly should bloggers who use swear words to convey disgust at a government policy or at a social institution like mainstream media be excluded from covering the President? Where exactly does Rañada think the government gets the right to police how bloggers or anyone chooses to convey their ideas to the public?
If Rañada were present in the protest I attended here at The Hague, she would be someone who would prefer for the police to silence the other party spewing offensive speech.
During the public consultation of the accreditation policy in February 2016, Stella Estremera, the editor-in-chief of SunStar Davao, rightfully pointed out that the government could require bloggers or anyone who would cover the President to behave in a particular manner only during the event itself.
Unlike Rañada, Estremera understands fully what freedom of speech is and that the government has no business determining the content of one person's speech—whether they are traditional journalists or bloggers.
Article 19, the international non-government organization advancing the cause of freedom of expression, agrees with that position: “The suggestion that there should be ‘standards of acceptable behavior' online beyond what is already required by law—akin to an enforceable code of civility or politeness online—is both unwarranted and overbroad.”
That Rappler's journalist is making an issue of bloggers' profanity is rather at odds with Rappler's position on Charlie Hebdo, the French satirical magazine which uses provocative and offensive language in its social and political commentaries. And they spare no one.
In an editorial after the killing of Charlie Hebdo's staff and journalists in 2015, Rappler wrote: “In many ways, journalists are also artists. They create, agitate, provoke, challenge the status quo, stir discomfort and anger, hold up a mirror to reflect society's values and inanities, and even influence thought and action…A vibrant democracy lives and thrives with a plurality of voices. When the voices begin to sound the same or become tamed, more so muted, the very environment journalists need to do their jobs well becomes threatened.”
If Rappler truly believes in a “plurality of voices,” why is it against bloggers who use profanities in their speech? Why should the voices of these bloggers be “tamed”? Does Rappler want them to “sound the same” as how traditional journalists speak? Isn't that creating the kind of environment it thinks inimical to the job even of traditional journalists? Lastly, if a blogger is as irreverent, offensive, provocative, and agitating as Charlie Hebdo, would Rappler be against him covering the President?
BERLIN (AP) — Authorities say that an explosion at a natural gas facility near Austria's border with Slovakia has left one person dead.
The Austria Press Agency reported that Red Cross official Sonja Keller said a further 18 people were injured.
There was no immediate word on what caused the blast Tuesday at the plant in Baumgarten an der March, east of Vienna, where pipelines connect and gas is compressed.
STOLEN: Peter Audie Ankers stole two tow trucks from the company he worked for, The 1770 Towing Service.
STOLEN: Peter Audie Ankers stole two tow trucks from the company he worked for, The 1770 Towing Service. Craig Warhurst
Reporter Ross Irby has wander-lust mixed with a sense of adventure, spending way too many years roaming about Australia, its back roads and off-shore foreign lands. Enjoys a yarn, story telling and tales, along with curiosity to find out about the lives and (mis)adventures of others. An off-beat sense of humour, not taking it all too seriously, along with big doses of flexibility/adaptability whatever the situation is the best way to go. You have to have the life experiences to have empathy...
CHEESED off and mad he had not been paid the money he believed was owed for cash-in-hand work, Peter Audie Ankers stole two tow trucks, a Harley-Davidson motorcycle, shoes and household items from his boss.
On his angry rampage, Ankers assaulted two people including punching a woman to her face, and dumped a child's scooter in a bonfire.
Ankers, a convicted robber, will now be deported after he went before the District Court in Bundaberg to plead guilty to stealing, assault, and gun offences.
Following his arrest Ankers was detained by immigration authorities at Villawood detention centre in NSW as a result of prior convictions and jail sentences.
Ankers, 40, pleaded guilty to stealing the motorcycle, two rifles, shoes, tools, a radio, stereo speakers, a welder, clothing and household goods at Agnes Water on October 4; unlawfully using a motor vehicle to commit offences; entering the premises of The 1770 Towing Service with intent; wilful damage to a pool table, homewares, vehicles, a bicycle and a scooter; unlawful assault causing bodily harm at Agnes Water; assault; possession of two category-A weapons at Deception Bay and possession of ammunition.
Crown prosecutor Christopher Cook said Ankers was born in Auckland and had significant criminal history in Australia.
With his Australian visa cancelled, Ankers faces deportation to New Zealand.
Defence barrister Peter Richards said that Ankers should be released immediately to allow his deportation and be a burden to New Zealand taxpayers.
"This is a man who after he served a sentence for armed robberies stayed out of trouble,” Mr Richards said.
Mr Cook said Ankers had a disagreement and claimed he was owed money which escalated when he went to The 1770 Towing Service premises.
Ankers took a tow truck and loaded it up with property. A second tow truck was on its rear tray and he drove away from the property.
Items damaged included cars, a child's bike and the scooter that Ankers threw on to a bonfire and destroyed.
Mr Cook said Ankers punched a man "multiple times in the head, to the face and jaw”.
He said Ankers grabbed a woman attempting to stop the assault and told her "don't (you) f***en dare” then punched her in the face, injuring her.
The missing tow trucks were later found by police at Deception Bay.
Mr Richards said his client thought he was owed money by the company and "lost it”, thinking he was justified in taking property.
He said Ankers was intelligent and capable and would transition to life in New Zealand.
"Apparently he will be on parole when he gets back there,” he said.
Judge Anthony Rafter SC said Ankers had been sentenced for an aggravated sexual assault in NSW 20 years ago, and later for a wounding charge and the assault of a police officer.
He had been sentenced for manslaughter, and an unrelated malicious wounding.
On the Gold Coast he had been sentenced for four counts of armed robbery when in company.
Judge Rafter sentenced Ankers to three years jail, suspended for three years.
For the assault causing bodily harm he received a two years' jail - suspended for three years after the 126 days he has served, meaning he was to be immediately taken back into immigration custody for deportation.
By Ike Uchechukwu
CALABAR—The Judicial Commission of Inquiry set up by the Cross River State Government to investigate the immediate and remote causes of loss of lives and destruction of property by some youths at the oil palm estate in Boki Local Government Area of the state has begun hearing.
The commission inaugurated by Governor Ben Ayade has one month to submit its report.
Vanguard learned that the oil palm estate, which is surrounded by four landlord communities, Oku, Borum, Irruan and Osokom, had been in crisis since March 2017 when some owners of plots in the estate resisted the takeover of the estate by some government officials when their rent had not expired.
This led to division among the youths in the area who then took up arms and formed different groups, which have been fighting for the control of the estate.
Chairman of the Commission, Justice Maurice Eneji, said that the commission was set up to receive memoranda from stakeholders from the area, highlighting the immediate and remote causes of the crisis.
Eneji said that the terms of reference of the commission were to investigate the activities of the past administration of the oil palm estate and get the exact number of those killed and worth of property destroyed.
He added that the commission would also recommend for possible prosecution of the actors behind the crisis, advice the government on how best to manage the oil palm estate and possible compensation for the families of those been killed.
Welcome to Friday's Derby County blog.
So that's that.
Deadline day has come and gone - and the Rams made one addition, with another three heading out of the club.
Kasey Palmer joined Derby on loan from Chelsea until the end of the season, as Gary Rowett added the attacking threat he was hoping for.
Chris Martin (Reading, loan), Johnny Russell (Sporting Kansas City) and Mason Bennett (Notts County, loan) all departed on deadline day.
You can get involved by tweeting us @DerbyTelDcfc or you can find us on Facebook.
On today's blog, we had the fallout from the transfer window - and where it leaves Derby in their promotion push.
Mark Wakefield brought you your updates throughout the day and night.
VIEW FROM THE SIDELINES: Omak adds boys' basketball coach
 Geoff Pearson, a 1999 Omak High School graduate, will be the Pioneers boys' basketball coach this next season.
Pearson also will teach special ed math...
During the week of December 19, Old Colony got into the holiday spirit. Starting on Monday, the National Honor Society made its trip to P.A.C.E. Headstart Programs in New Bedford to deliver gifts to kids.
For the past month, the Honor Society and the rest of the school worked hard to collect items for ‘We Care Kits.' These kits consisted of toothbrushes, toothpaste, warm gloves and hats, socks, books, crayons, coloring books, and toys. The staff and students donated items and time to ensure there would be enough presents for every boy and girl.
Then finally, on Monday, a few NHS members selected by their advisers set out to deliver their gifts. Santa hats, elf costumes, and ugly sweaters were worn with pride as students boarded the buses.
Once there, students were shocked by the grateful kids. P.A.C.E. Headstart is a child development program/day care center that helps low income families in local towns. Some of these children had never had their own toothbrushes before. Many were overjoyed to receive presents.
One student who wished to remain anonymous shared his experience upon arriving back at school.
“You see these children, and you see the poverty and hardship. You see the thing parents tell you not to stare at, and you look into their eyes,” the student said. “They finally had their own toothbrush, gloves, and other things we view as basic necessities, and you see the thankfulness in their heart. The level of appreciation is tangible, and it is fantastic to finally give to those who have had the bare minimum their whole lives.”
NHS President Kelsey Malloy shared the story of two young boys who pulled her aside to thank her for giving them their own Christmas gifts for the first time in their lives. By the end of the day, over 300 gifts had been distributed to kids in need. It was truly a life-changing experience for everyone involved.
Later in the Old Colony school week on Wednesday, December 21, the staff and students competed in the annual ugly Christmas sweater contest.
Wacky hats and sweater wearing individuals walked the halls. Students in light up sweaters, double sweaters, and sweaters coated in tinsel competed against staff in reindeer sweaters and even the superintendent wore a sweater-patterned suit. The ugly sweater group took photos together throughout the day.
The following day students took a vote to decide who had the ugliest sweater. The clear winner was Superintendent Polansky.
By Elizabeth Jerome
Tyson Baillie and Cole Linaker help the Golden Bears to U SPORTS hockey title in New Brunswick
Former Rocket Tyson Baillie (middle) celebrated at national U SPORTS hockey title with the Alberta Golden Bears on Sunday. -Image: U SPORTS Staff
Former Kelowna Rockets forwards Tyson Baillie and Cole Linaker are national champions.
Baillie and Linaker helped the University of Alberta Golden Bears to the U Sports men's hockey title on Sunday in Fredericton.
The Golden Bears erased a two-goal deficit to the St. FX X-Men 4-2 in the 2018 University Cup Final, winning their 16th national championship in program history.
FULL GAME STORY
It was also the third University Cup title for Alberta in five years.
Baillie, playing in his second season with the Bears, was a big part of the Rockets from 2011-2016. The Fort Saskatchewan product helped the Rockets win the Ed Chynoweth Cup in the 2014-2015 season. In Kelowna, Baillie suited up in 329 games, racking up 138 goals and 172 assists for 310 points along the way. Baillie played in 64 playoff games, recording 27 goals and 36 assists for 63 points. He had one goal and five assists for six points in five games at the 2015 Memorial Cup tournament.
Linaker, also in his second season with the Golden Bears, spent 2012-2016 with the Rockets. He was a member of the 2014-2015 squad that won the Ed Chynoweth Cup. He was named an Assistant Captain for the 2015-2016 season. The Edmonton native put up 45 goals and 75 assists for 120 points in his 253 games as a Rocket. He appeared in 62 playoff games for Kelowna and recorded 13 goals and 14 assists for 27 points in that span.
To report a typo, email: edit@kelownacapnews.com.
@KelownaCapNews
newstips@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
A 16-year-old driver in Minnesota had to climb out the back window of his car after he drove into a sinkhole following heavy rains.
WCCO-TV reports that the Renville County Sheriff's Office says the sinkhole formed after a culvert under the road washed out. The driver wasn't injured.
The driver's grandmother, Candace Leopold, says the teen had gotten his driver's license last month and only had the car for a few weeks. She says he had been going to work at a farm near Redwood Falls, a city about 185 kilometers west of Minneapolis.
There are no marine alerts posted at this time.
Our weather team will bring you any urgent weather alerts or updates as they occur. Check our breaking news section for the latest.
Swell Summary
Outlook through Sunday March 25: Small north and tiny background south swells will continue over the next couple of days, with surf remaining well below advisory levels along all shores through Tuesday. A larger and longer-period northeast swell will arrive on Wednesday and peak Wednesday night into Thursday. Surf along north and east facing shores are forecast to reach advisory level surf with this swell, and possibly warning level heights for east facing shores at the peak.
Surf heights are forecast heights of the face, or front, of waves. The surf forecast is based on the significant wave height, the average height of the one third largest waves, at the locations of the largest breakers. Some waves may be more than twice as high as the significant wave height. Expect to encounter rip currents in or near any surf zone.
North
am pm
Surf: Stomach to shoulder high NNE medium period swell.
ADVERTISEMENT
Conditions: Sideshore texture/chop with ENE winds 10-15mph in the morning increasing to 15-20mph in the afternoon.
South
am pm
Surf: Knee high S ground swell with occasional thigh high sets.
Conditions: Semi glassy/semi bumpy with W winds less than 5mph in the morning shifting WNW 5-10mph in the afternoon. Glassy conditions are expected for the late day with W winds less than 5mph.
West
am pm
Surf: Waist to stomach high NNE medium period swell for the morning drops into the knee to waist high zone during the afternoon.
Conditions: Clean with ENE winds 10-15mph in the morning increasing to 15-20mph in the afternoon.
**Click directly on the images below to make them larger. Charts include: Maui County projected winds, tides, swell direction & period and expected wave heights.**
+ SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT
Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services names Mysore Figs in Bonita Springs "Champion" and "Challenger" trees
End
-- Link to photos: https://prioritymarketing.sharefile.com/d-sfcf7791fcb845288Shangri-La Springs, a historic property in downtown Bonita Springs, recently received recognition for having the largest Mysore Fig tree in the state, earning the title of "Champion Tree," by the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services.Of Shangri-La Springs' two Mysore Fig trees on its property, the one located in the courtyard is deemed the largest of its species within the state, and its second tree, located on the south lawn, earns title of "challenger tree." The champion Mysore Fig tree, native to Mysore, India, stands at 85 feet tall and measures 546 inches in circumference, and carries a crown spread of 115 feet. Shangri-La Springs' tree surpassed the previous Florida Mysore Fig Champion Tree, earning a total of 656 points based on its measurements, a 50-point gain over the previous champion tree. According to the Florida Forest Service's measurement records, Shangri-La Springs' champion Mysore Fig tree is unofficially the largest in the nation. However, tree species must be native to the U.S. to be recognized as a National Champion Tree. Shangri-La Springs' second Mysore Fig tree is ranked third in the state, based on its Florida Champion Tree program measurements, making it a challenger tree with points within 80 percent of the current champion tree also located at Shangri-La Springs.The Champion Tree Program, created by the American Forests organizations in 1940, recognizes the largest known tree of each species in the United States, and publishes the National Registrar of Big Trees every two years. Florida began its state register, the Florida Champion Tree Register, in 1975 to measure and recognize trees throughout the state, with a record of hundreds of trees including national champions. To be considered, trees of any species, whether native or non-invasive naturalized, are nominated, and measurements are then verified by a Florida Forest Service County Forester before the tree is certified as a champion. To view Florida's Champion Tree database, visit http://championtrees.freshfromflorida.com/ home.mvc/Index Built in 1921, Shangri-La Springs offers a variety of unique services including a stately property with an organic garden, organic restaurant, fitness studio, full-service organic spa, gift shop and event space. The property specializes in offering guests a nexus of beneficial practices, activities and engagement opportunities that include wellness classes, art shows, special programs and unique events. Currently under renovation, the property is preparing to reopen as a historic hotel with an organic restaurant. While the restaurant is temporarily closed, the onsite fitness studio and the organic spa are open. The Spa at Shangri-La Springs offers a range of natural and organic treatments and products including facials, massages, eucalyptus steam room, far infrared sauna and private garden lounge. Additionally, the property has reinstated their monthly art nights and is currently offering event and wedding venue rentals as well as tours of the historic property and lunch for large groups upon request with tour reservation. Shangri-La Springs is located at 27750 Old 41 Road in Bonita Springs. For more information call 239-949-0749 or visit www.ShangriLaSprings.com
Contact
Chelsey Ryker
***@nationwideboiler.com Chelsey Ryker
End
-- Nationwide Boiler Inc., the largest rental boiler company west of the Mississippi, recently responded to an emergency need for a long time customer in the Southeast. The customer's large power boiler will require extensive maintenance and repair and until the work is complete, the company will utilize temporary, superheated steam to keep operations running.Nationwide Boiler received the call on a Saturday afternoon and promptly sent the customer information on multiple boilers available to fulfill their capacity requirements. In less than one week, the order was placed for the rental of five (5) 75,000 lb/hr, 750 psi design / 750F superheat trailer-mounted watertube boilers. Nationwide Boiler quickly serviced each of the five (5) units, which are currently located at a storage facility near the job site. Although the internal process of engineering the site to tie-in five (5) temporary boilers took some time, Nationwide Boiler was able to hold the units for the customer until they were ready to receive them. The boilers are now on-site and being installed.Nationwide Boiler Sales Engineer Tim McBride stated, "Instances like this is why we maintain a large stock of boilers, in various sizes and in multiples, in our rental fleet. We were fortunate enough to have an adequate amount of 75,000 lb/hr boilers available to meet their demand and provide a solution for our long time, loyal customer." Nationwide Boiler has nearly 100 boilers in their rental fleet and stores them at various locations across the United States.For fifty years Nationwide Boiler Inc. has supplied superior solutions to meet the temporary and permanent boiler requirements of industrial companies worldwide. Today, the company continues to provide innovative products and has recently produced the world's largest 1,000 hp mobile boiler room and the world's largest 125,000 lb/hr trailer-mounted saturated steam boiler. With headquarters in Fremont, CA and sales representatives located across North America, Nationwide Boiler Inc. is committed to providing customers with 24-hour responsive, technical support and high quality solutions. Visit their website at https://www.nationwideboiler.com for more information.
A bomb has exploded on a Manhattan subway platform leaving four people injured in a suspected-Isil-inspired attack.
The suspected bomber is Akayed Ullah, a 27-year-old Bangladeshi national who is thought to have lived in the US for seven years.
Ullah, who lived in Brooklyn, was armed with a five-inch metal pipe bomb and battery pack as he walked through a midtown Manhattan transit hub, sources told the New York Post.
The device prematurely exploded which meant it only partially detonated in the right side of the suspect's jacket.
Advertisement
CCTV Port Authority image reported to be of Akayed Ullah. Photo / New York Port Authority
Ullah, who is thought to have been seriously injured in the attack, told officials he made the explosive device at the electrical company where he works, according to the New York Post.
The blast happened on Monday morning in an underpass at the Port Authority Bus Terminal near Times Square - the nation's most crowded bus station.
Ullah had burns and lacerations to his hands and abdomen, police said.
New York Mayor Bill De Blasio has described the incident as a "suspected terror attack".
Footage shows a vehicle appear to drive into a group of counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia. Clashes between white nationalists and counterprotesters had been ongoing on Aug. 12.
President Donald Trump's national security adviser, in an interview Sunday, clearly labeled Saturday's deadly car attack in Charlottesville, Virginia, as terrorism, NBC News reported.
"Certainly I think we can confidently call it a form of terrorism," Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster said on NBC's "Meet The Press."
"What terrorism is, is the use of violence to incite terror and fear, and of course it was terrorism," he continued, saying the president intended to denounce the racists.
Trump has been widely criticized by members of both parties for pitting blame for Saturday's events on "many sides" and for not specifically naming and condemning the racist groups involved.
A loyalist bonfire in Magherafelt was attacked and set alight in the early hours of this morning.
The incident on the Leckagh estate is believed to have happened around 2.30am.
The Fire and Rescue Service attended the scene.
The British Truth Forum, who were behind erecting the Union flag in Magherafelt town centre last year, said they believed it was "an attack on our British culture and heritage."
They said that luckily no one had been injured.
Toni Hamill knew something was wrong with her - it just took two years for the doctors to find it.
So when the colonoscopy she'd been asking for showed a tumour, it was almost a case of "knew it".
"I was gobsmacked. I knew it, I had been right all this time..."
The Rotorua mum was diagnosed with bowel cancer almost a year ago and has just finished chemotherapy.
She's speaking out as part of the #LoveYerGuts campaign which aims to bring awareness to gastro-intestinal cancers.
Each year more than 5000 gastro-intestinal cancers are diagnosed - and half of those diagnosed will die within five years.
Ms Hamill said when she was finally diagnosed her first fears were that it had spread to other parts of her body because she'd had the symptoms like abdominal pain and blood in her stools for so long beforehand.
She'd only just given birth to her second daughter, Tegan, two months before her diagnosis.
"It was really tough to know this little baby might not know me."
It was in October or November 2014 that Ms Hamill first became aware of blood in her stools but a faecal examination didn't give any answers.
The following February she was referred to a specialist who did a sigmoidoscopy to look in her colon but that only looked at 30cm - her tumour was 40cm up.
Continued below.
Related Content John Drinnan: When does plain talk become hate speech? Your Views: Readers Letters Watch NZH Local Focus: Whanganui prepares for a deluge
Ms Hamill said she was given numerous diagnosis - from fissures to haemorrhoids. When she was finally referred for a colonoscopy she was pregnant so had to postpone it until after Tegan was born.
It was during the colonoscopy the tumour was discovered.
"I remember thinking I've just been told I've got cancer and I've got a 9-week-old."
She said she was told her age and pregnancy could have sped up the cancer and faced an anxious wait for a scan to see whether it had spread.
The cancer had spread to some of her lymph nodes and she had those, and a section of her bowel, removed in surgery followed by 12 months of chemotherapy.
Her message to others is to make sure they listen to their body and push for tests if they think something is wrong.
"The big key is dig deep. Don't just go for what [the doctors] say."
"I was convinced I had cancer but could only go with what the doctors said."
She said thankfully her cancer wasn't a fast growing cancer. She has now finished treatment, but will undergo regular monitoring and scans to make sure it doesn't return.
"My bitterness [with the delay] is there but at the same time I'm grateful I've got my life.
"My girls deserve me to be in their life."
Ms Hamill said she was lucky she did not have many side effects from the chemotherapy and was generally able to go about her day-to-day life while going through the treatment.
"The support I've had has been amazing. People have come back into my life. A lot of positive things have happened."
She said it was fantastic more people were becoming aware of colorectal cancers.
Ms Hamill said she was happy to talk about her experience in the hope others would know more about bowel cancer and how it could affect younger people.
The #LoveYerGuts Challenge 2017
- Train and commit to do at least 50 gut crunches in five minutes before 5pm on Friday May 5.
- For more information, and to sign up go to www.loveyerguts.co.nz.
- Aimed at raising awareness around gastro-intestinal cancers, collectively the most common form of cancer in New Zealand.
- Funds raised by the #LoveYerGuts Challenge 2017 50 crunches in 5 minutes will help clinical trials and research to increase the chance of survival for those diagnosed with GI (gut) cancer(s).
People in Norway were very positive about seeing Crimea, and “this is how our diverse team was formed,” the head of the Norwegian delegation that is currently paying a weeklong visit to Crimea, Hendrick Weber, told Radio Sputnik.
The delegation includes representatives of different professions and backgrounds, whose main goal is to show their compatriots that Crimea is “a nice place, that people are living in peace and that there is no war here,” Weber said.
© Sputnik/ Maksim Groznov Head of the Norwegian delegation Hendrik Weber
“Some people are doctors from the health sector, some others are businessmen and one woman was working in the national library in Oslo,” he continued.
This is not the first time Weber has visited Crimea. The Norwegian had come to the peninsula last year as part of the German delegation and liked the place so much that he decided to come back.
“When I was here last year, after I came back to Norway I wanted to try to make an article for a newspaper to tell people about what is really going on in Crimea. But I found out that I got no answer, no reply from any newspaper or TV station. After four months, we found a small newspaper: they wanted to [publish] our article. And after this publication, I got in contact with many different people and they were very positive about seeing Crimea. They wanted to see with their own eyes what is going on here,” Weber said.
© Sputnik/ Maksim Groznov Head of the Norwegian delegation Hendrik Weber
While visiting the Artek summer camp, Weber said that it's important to develop connections between Russian children and teenagers from other countries.
According to him, the dialogue is very important in order to overcome possible conflicts and misunderstandings in the future.
This is the first time that a large delegation of politicians and businessmen from Norway has come to Crimea since the peninsula reunified with Russia.
In late September, Crimean Deputy Prime Minister Georgy Muradov said that over 100 foreign delegations, along with prominent political and public figures, had already visited Crimea over the past year and a half.
© Sputnik/ Sergey Malgavko
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Europe
Investigators identified the body found outside of Fred's Super Dollar on Wrightsboro Road.
The Richmond County Coroner says 56-year old Gary Huskey was found dead in a vehicle in the parking lot at 4:43 p.m.
Huskey will be sent to the GBI crime lab for an autopsy.
We will update this story as we learn more.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
It's National BBQ Week from next Bank Holiday Monday so grab the tongs and try this tasty dish from David Woods, Executive Head Chef at Sofitel London Gatwick.
“With the lovely weather we have been enjoying and another Bank Holiday weekend in sight, I don't think we need an excuse to get out the barbecue. So, the fact it is National Barbecue Week from May 28 to June 3 is just a bonus. I love barbecuing and prefer to cook joints of meat rather than sausages or burgers. “The charcoal flavour on the outside and succulent meat in the centre needs barely any fuss. If I am planning a barbecue with friends it will always be charcoal but for impromptu get togethers to make the mostof unexpected good weather, then I fire up the gas barbie. Both produce a great result …if you don't wander off while the meat is cooking.
Barbecue at its best
The secret to barbecuing a joint is not to place it directly over the coals. Move them to one side, place the meat on the other and cook with the lid down. In the last few minutes of cooking, finish the meat directly over the coals to give it a good colouring. This marinade with the lamb is so fragrant your mouth will be watering while its cooking.
So, try to wean yourself off the sausages and be brave. Once you have cooked a joint of meat on the barbecue you'll never look back.”
*La Brasserie is Sofitel's 2 AA rosette restaurant. To book a table call 01293 567070 or email SLG@sofitelgatwick.com. Follow us on Twitter @SofitelLondonGA Like us on Facebook Sofitel London Gatwick. Share your barbecue recipes with us on Instagram by tagging @SofitelLondonGA
Coriander and cumin marinated rack of lamb with Jersey Royal potatoes cooked in foil
For the marinade:
Few sprigs of coriander chopped
2 garlic cloves crushed
1 lemon – zested and juice
1tsp cumin powder
1 tab of honey
1 dessert spoon of mustard seeds
Jersey Royal potatoes
Few sprig of mint
Generous knob of butter
Method:
Mix the marinade ingredients together and spread over the lamb, working in with your hands. Leave to marinate overnight.
Slice the potatoes to 1cm thickness and place in the centre of a large sheet of foil. Dot with butter and sprigs of mint. Bring the foil up to the centre to form a bag shape. Sprinkle two tablespoons of water over the potatoes and seal the foil edges.
When the barbecue is ready for cooking, place the potatoes in foil on the grill but to the side of the coals. They will take about 35-40 minutes. After 15 minutes, add the rack of lamb, cooking away from the coals and with the lid down. Cook for 15 minutes, occasionally brushing the lamb with any remaining marinade.
Finish off the lamb directly over the coals to caramelise the outside. Leave to rest for fiveminutes.
Carve into cutlets and serve the lamb and potatoes with grilled vegetables such as aubergine, courgette, peppers, onions and asparagus.
The four-wheel-drive system is available exclusively with the range-topping diesel automatic trim, which was previously a front-wheel-drive model. The Tucson's prices have also significantly gone down across the variant lineup and surprisingly Hyundai is staying tight-lipped about it!
Hyundai has finally introduced the four-wheel-drive version of its flagship SUV, the Tucson, in India. It is priced at Rs 25.19 lakh (ex-showroom, New Delhi) and is based on the range-topping diesel automatic trim, GLS, of the SUV. The front-wheel-drive diesel GLS auto has now been replaced by this 4WD model. Bookings for the same are now underway.
Prices (ex-showroom, New Delhi)
Hyundai Tucson AT GLS (discontinued): Rs 24.71 lakh
Rs 24.71 lakh
Hyundai Tucson 4WD AT GLS: Rs 25.19 lakh
So, for a premium of nearly Rs 48,000, Hyundai is offering a 4WD system with the Tucson, which is not bad at all! The Tucson's arch rival, the Jeep Compass, offers a full-spec diesel 4x4 option for Rs 21.37 lakh (ex-showroom, New Delhi), which makes it cheaper by over Rs 3.80 lakh. However, the Compass is a manual 4x4 offering and its automatic is expected next year but since the window is wide (Rs 3.80 lakh+), the Compass diesel auto 4x4 is likely to have a price advantage as well.
Drivetrain features
The 4WD model is pulled by the same 2.0-litre diesel engine (185PS/400Nm) and is mated to a 6-speed automatic transmission. Like its rivals, the Tucson comes with an on-demand 4WD system, which automatically sends power to rear wheels by assessing road conditions to improve traction. There's a ‘4WD Lock' mode as well, which splits the torque in a 50:50 ratio between front and rear axles.
Besides this, Hyundai now offers additional safety features in the petrol and diesel GL trims, which were earlier exclusive to the GLS trim (not available with the petrol). Both the variants now feature: electronic stability control (ESC), vehicle stability management (VSM), hill assist control (HAC), downhill brake control (DBC) and brake assist.
The Hyundai Tucson prices have also gone down across its variant lineup, despite it now offering more in its GL and GLS trims. The Jeep Compass effect?
Petrol (ex-showroom, New Delhi)
Variants
Old Prices
New Prices
Difference
Manual Base
Rs 18.79 lakh
Rs 17.99 lakh
Rs 80,000
Automatic GL
Rs 21.64 lakh
Rs 20.99 lakh
Rs 65,000
Diesel (ex-showroom, New Delhi)
Variants
Old Prices
New Prices
Difference
Manual Base
Rs 21.34 lakh
Rs 19.95 lakh
Rs 1.39 lakh
Manual GL
Rs 23.27 lakh
Rs 22.49 lakh
Rs 78,000
Automatic GLS 4WD
N.A.
Rs 25.19 lakh
Read More on : Tucson diesel
The only consistent thing with Crawley Town is their inconsistency and following the highly creditable showing against Plymouth Argyle, you could bet your boots they wouldn't repeat it against struggling Cheltenham Town. They didn't.
Dermot Drummy said post-match that Crawley didn't deserve any more than a point but many fans would feel that neither side actually deserved anything whatsoever from this one.
Of all Reds' disappointing showings this season this match was probably the worst.
Nobody had a half decent game and, despite having 59 per cent possession, we mustered only four goal attempts.
Jimmy Smith's half volley on the run was the only one on target.
Even then the accuracy shown by slightly more ambitious Cheltenham was even poorer than our 25 per cent.
The players and management should be asking themselves serious questions about their input and effort and there were increasing calls for the manager to be sacked.
I don't agree with that as the last thing the club needs is another start from scratch but there has been no progress whatsoever from last season's dismal performance.
There was no comfort either in witnessing yet another abysmal display by the referee – one that attracted even more vehement criticism from the fans.
Charles Breakspear erred regularly, not so much by what he did but rather for the decisions he failed to make.
He ignored three clear fouls in the first half, one in the penalty area, but as they were all committed by Crawley players, we'll forgive him.
Not so his failure to award us a penalty when Joe McNerney was hauled down. He was not even persuaded by the rip in Joe's shirt which I think highlighted his failings.
More than 30 players, management and officials were responsible for this farce and I include the fourth official who added the minutes that extended the agony for us all, bar those who had already beaten a hasty retreat.
Despite the long journey to Accrington Stanley on Easter Monday the Reds put in a decent shift matching a good footballing side with the spirit and quality of their play. Sadly that was by no means enough as they suffered a single goal defeat. The result gave a good indication of Crawley's shortcomings.
Although Reds showed attacking intent in an evenly matched encounter, only Josh Payne managed to bring a save out of the Stanley keeper and so they did not add to their sad tally of just eight goals, bringing one win, in the past 11 games.
With a record like that one might wonder whether we deserve to escape relegation as I still believe we will.
Wins for Cheltenham Town and Yeovil Town on Monday made our position even more precarious especially with three tough games in prospect to finish the campaign.
Reds have had some bad luck along the way but basically this mess is all their own fault.
Arizona Cardinals fans shouldn't be too shocked at this one.
Despite the overwhelming amount of money poured into it, the offensive line ranks as the second worst in the league in passing down efficiency according to Pro Football Focus.
The top pass blocking offensive lines in the NFLhttps://t.co/ntoZA9I1jH pic.twitter.com/a9aTmqLScx — Pro Football Focus (@PFF) October 3, 2017
That's right. Worse than the Seahawks. The only team with a worse ranking is Houston.
The Cardinals have allowed 83 pressures and a league-high 17 sacks through four games—scary numbers to say the least.
And while the 49ers check in at number 10, the Rams also didn't have a great grade (despite the resurgent offense), coming in at number 22.
Some of the problem is injuries yes. But one has to wonder whether it was the right decision to flip Jared Veldheer to the right side or let Evan Boehm start at guard, when he is a natural center. It also raises questions as to the decision to pay Mike Iupati so much money, even if he did make the Pro Bowl in his first season.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Cards Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
For all the clamor about Carson Palmer being done, his numbers now look amazing considering what he is playing behind.
One has to wonder if it's an issue of scouting offensive line talent, or just simply bad luck. Other teams, like the Raiders, Cowboys and Titans, have poured either a ton of money or a ton of draft capital into their offensive line. And in all of those situations, it worked.
So maybe the 2018 offseason priority shouldn't be the quarterback. It should be the offensive line.
LOS ANGELES — As Southern California enters its second week engulfed in flames, fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts, no rain and decades-old dry vegetation.
A powerful flare-up on the western edge of the largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames ripped down hillsides toward coastal towns northwest of Los Angeles. New evacuations were ordered as the fire sent up an enormous plume near Montecito and Carpinteria, seaside areas in Santa Barbara County.
“The winds are kind of squirrely right now,” said county fire spokesman Mike Eliason. “Some places the smoke is going straight up in the air, and others it's blowing sideways. Depends on what canyon we're in.”
Southern California's gusty Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
Gusts of up to 40 mph (64 kph) are expected through Monday, according to the National Weather Service.
Containment increased Sunday on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties. Resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the 270-square-mile (699-sq. kilometer) fire that started Dec. 4 in neighboring Ventura County.
As of late Sunday, the Thomas Fire had destroyed 790 structures and damaged 191 more.
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the Santa Ana winds. Though the state emerged this spring from a yearslong drought, hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months.
“This is the new normal,” Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. The governor and experts said climate change is making wildfires a year-round threat.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
The air thick with acrid smoke, even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave, fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101, a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week. Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe.
“Our house is under threat of being burned,” Ellen DeGeneres tweeted at midday Sunday. “We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters.”
Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region. The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
In San Diego, which is 130 miles (209 kilometers) to the south, the Lilac Fire was 75 percent contained. The flames erupted suddenly Thursday in the Fallbrook area, known for its avocado groves and horse stables in the rolling hills.
The fire swept through the San Luis Rey Downs training center, where it killed more than 40 elite thoroughbred race horses, and destroyed more than 100 homes — most of them in a retirement community. Three people were burned trying to escape the fire that continued to smolder Sunday.
Despite the size and number of wildfires burning in the region, there has only been one confirmed death: A 70-year-old woman, who crashed her car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the Thomas Fire began.
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighborhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula.
Wrexham beat lowly Guiseley 2-0 at Nethermoor Park and have gone top of the National League.
Goals either side of the break from leading scorer Chris Holroyd, who struck for the 13th time this season, and captain Shaun Pearson secured all three points in a game Wrexham dominated.
Dean Keates' side are now unbeaten in eight league games and with the top two not in action, are the new leaders.
Wrexham went straight at Guiseley from the kick-off and Paul Rutherford, Marcus Kelly and Holroyd all went close in the opening exchanges.
Debutant Nicky Deverdics saw a right-foot effort claimed by ex-Wrexham goalkeeper Luke Coddington but the goal the Reds had been threatening came in the 16th minute.
Paul Boden sent Holroyd clear and the striker rounded Coddington before slotting into the net despite the best efforts of a defender.
Guiseley had been second best but Callum McFadzean's shot was cleared off the line by Kevin Roberts.
Wrexham pressed for more goals and Shaun Pearson's header from Rutherford's corner was headed off the line by McFadzean.
Goalkeeper Chris Dunn was forced into a rare save at the start of the second half as he turned James Roberts' drive behind for a corner.
The Reds had dominated but needed a second goal to kill the game off and it came in the 72nd minute as Pearson headed home Rutherford's corner.
Holroyd had a late effort blocked on the line but Wrexham had already done enough and deserved their win.
Wrexham (4-4-2): Dunn; Roberts, M Smith, Pearson, Jennings; Rutherford, Wedgbury, Kelly, Deverdics; Holroyd (Mackreth 90), Boden. Subs not used: Dibble, Raven, Hurst, Wright.
League Two: Mansfield 1 Luton Town 1
Luton Town saw their slim chances of automatic promotion finally extinguished this afternoon, as they were held 1-1 at Mansfield Town this afternoon, their 17th draw of the campaign.
With Plymouth and Portsmouth both winning, then Hatters' whose hopes of overhauling either side were minimal at best, will now have to hopes they can do it through the play-offs.
However, finishing in the top seven remains by no means a certainty either, as Nathan Jones' side are just four points above Carlisle in eighth, with three games of the season to go.
The visitors made two changes for their trip to the One Call Stadium, with Jordan Cook missing out due to injury and Jack Marriott dropping to the bench, as Dan Potts in for his first start since suffering a head injury at Carlisle a month ago, Isaac Vassell back as well.
Hatters had strong cries for a penalty on seven minutes, when Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu bamboozled his man and hammered goalwards, the ball striking Rhys Bennett, but referee Mark Brown signalled for a corner.
The hosts then had the better of territory and possession, with a number of testing deliveries from out wide, as Luton were thankful the official didn't spot Scott Cuthbert's rather blatant holding of George Taft from two corners, the second met by Krystian Pearce, with Danny Hylton hacking off the line.
However, Town's respite didn't last long, as with 24 minutes gone, the hosts led, a long throw headed backwards by Taft, for Alfie Potter to shoot at goal, Potts blocking one effort, but not the second, a left foot volley flying past Stuart Moore.
Hylton couldn't quite reach James Justin's cross, with the ball just flicked off his head, as Luton struggled to really get going in the first 45 minutes, sending nothing of note at Jake Kean's goal.
After the break, Mal Benning tried to make it 2-0 to the hosts, shooting over, before Town won a penalty on 50 minutes when a throw-in was flicked up Hylton and clearly handled in the area by Taft.
Hylton himself stepped up and after a stuttering run up, coolly dinked his attempt over Kean for his 26th of the season, the Stags keeper seeing yellow for tripping Town's forward as he went to retrieve the ball.
With their tails well and truly up, Luton almost had a second when Sheehan played a short corner with Lawson D'Ath, and broke into the box where his shot deflected to Glen Rea who stabbed over.
D'Ath then came close himself, unable to beat Kean with his header from Hylton's whipped cross, before Sheehan made amends for gifting possession away with a crucial intervention at the back.
Former Stags striker Ollie Palmer came on to boos from the home supporters, but almost shoved those back down their throats with a wonderful run and even better cross, Hylton heading narrowly over from close range.
Just when it looked like Town would go from strength to strength, Mansfield, needing victory for their a few play-off hopes, managed to snuff out any late breaks forward by the visitors.
Hylton them almost won it for Luton with two minutes to go, directing his header from Olly Lee's corner past the post as Hatters were held once more.
Stags: Jake Kean, Rhys Bennett, Mal Benning, Krystian Pearce (C), George Taft, Shaq Coulthirst, Alfie Potter (CJ Hamilton 75), Hayden White (Alex MacDonald 60), Joel Byrom, Ben Whiteman, Danny Rose (Matt Green 80).
Subs not used: Brian Jensen, Lee Collins, Kyle Howkins, Yoann Arquis.
Hatters: Stuart Moore, Scott Cuthbert (C), Glen Rea, Alan Sheehan, James Justin, Olly Lee, Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu, Lawson D'Ath, Dan Potts (Stephen O'Donnell 84), Isaac Vassell (Ollie Palmer 64), Danny Hylton.
Subs not used: Craig King, Jonathan Smith, Jake Gray, Luke Gambin, Jack Marriott.
Booked: Rose 43, Kean 51.
Attendance: (4,632 with 892 Luton).
Referee: Mark Brown.
As far as the ‘it' factor goes, this 10-year-old most definitely has it.
JD McCrary was at a Los Angeles Clippers NBA game over the weekend (Dec. 9) when he was called down to the court to play a round of “finish the lyrics.”
Related: Will Elton John and Beyoncé Update ‘Lion King' Classics for Remake?
Not only did McCrary know every note and word to the Jackson 5's version of Smokey Robinson's classic, “Who's Lovin' You,” but his vocals were incredible.
McCrary is set to star as Simba in the upcoming live-action version of The Lion King movie alongside stars like Beyoncé and Donald Glover. McCrary has worked with Glover before, appearing on the song “Terrified” from Childish Gambino's Grammy nominated album, Awaken My Love.
Seeing the young star in action gives us high hopes for the new Lion King.
Easter eggs and an empty bottle of vodka were among the items reportedly hurled at police outside a Sussex property on Friday night (April 14).
Neighbours who witnessed the incident said these items were thrown as officers wearing riot gear arrived at the house in Peerley Close, Bracklesham, around 7pm.
Photo by Eddie Mitchell
A Sussex Police spokesperson said police were called following reports of a disturbance.
They confirmed that items were thrown at officers but nobody was injured.
A Sussex Police statement said: “A man has been charged with four offences after police were called to a report of a disturbance in Peerley Road on Friday evening.
“Officers attempted to speak to a man inside an address who refused to let them in. They entered the premises after two hours of negotiations and arrested him.
Photo by Eddie Mitchell
“Billy Harte, 25, of Peerley Close, East Wittering, has been charged with two counts of assault, a count of causing criminal damage and using racially aggravated threatening behaviour towards a police officer.
“He has been remanded to appear at Brighton Magistrates' Court on Monday (April 17).”
Photos by Eddie Mitchell.
"We lived in a hope for 4 years that he will be safe and alive, but now the death of his news has left us shattered. We have nothing left," said Devinder, brother of deceased Guvinder.
39 Indians
— ABP News (@abpnewstv) March 20, 2018
Sushma Swarajji informed the Rajya Sabha first but did not bother to inform us about his death. Our DNA samples were taken in November last year: Gurpinder Kaur, relative of deceased Manjinder Singh.
— ABP News (@abpnewstv) March 20, 2018
We never wanted to declare 39 Indians were dead without having credible evidence. With the help of a radar the bodies were found & exhumed. It might take a week's time to bring back the bodies through an Indian Air Force flight: @Gen_VKSingh , MoS for External Affairs to ABP News
— ABP News (@abpnewstv) March 20, 2018
New Delhi: Thirty nine Indians that went missing in Iraq in 2014 are dead, informed External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj in Rajya Sabha.The 40 Indian nationals along with around a dozen Bangladeshi workers were employed by a construction company in Baghdad. They were abducted by ISIS in Mosul. The Bangladeshi lot were set free after a brief period for being Muslims.Sushma said the confirmation of deaths to her ministry was given by Martyrs' Foundation which conducted the DNA tests of the bodies.She said the mass grave had exactly 39 bodies, with distinctive features like long hair, non-Iraqi shoes and IDs."Their bodies were spotted using deep penetration radar from a mount in Badoosh. The bodies were then sent to Baghdad for DNA testing. The bodies were exhumed from mass graves and their identities confirmed by DNA tests. DNA testing by Martyrs Foundation has established identity of 38 Indians while there has been 70 per cent matching of the DNA for the 39th person," she said.The minister said thirty one nationals belonged to Punjab, four were from Himachal Pradesh, while the rest were from Bihar and West Bengal. The bodied will be handed over to their respective families so that final rites can be conducted.Gurpinder Singh, whose relative Manjinder, was among the 39 dead told ABP News in a telephonic conversation that the government did not inform her family about the death.Minister of State for External Affairs V K Singh will be travelling to Iraq to bring back bodies of Indians.Today's revelation by Sushma gave validation to ABP News' reportage from Kurdistan's capital Erbil in 2014 where two Bangladeshi workers had claimed all Indians in their camp were mass executed by ISIS militants.The Bangladeshis quoted Harjit Masih who was the 40th Indian worker and had witnessed the killings from his eyes. Masih had returned to India in 2015 after miraculously escaping from the militant group's clutches. He was brought to India after he got in touch with the Indian consulate.Sushma, however, then kept on refusing to accept the Indians were killed. She said it was a sin to assume someone was dead without proof.“The files of those missing or believed to be killed cannot be closed until they are proven dead,” Swaraj told Parliament in July, 2017.Congress leader Shashi Tharoor today questioned the government why did it not believe Harjit Masih's claims."When one man (Harjit Masih) kept on saying they are dead, why didn't the government believe him and what did it do for the last three and a half years. This is very disappointing," Tharoor told reporters.
Get Black Country updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Midland Tory MPs have rallied around Theresa May and insisted she should stay on as Prime Minister.
And some hit out at Grant Shapps, the former Conservative Party Chairman who is leading a plot to force her to stand down.
Mr Shapps admitted he had the support of about 30 Conservative MPs who want Mrs May to quit.
Details emerged following her party conference speech, where she suffered from a cough, was interrupted by a comedian handing her a P45 and letters fell of the stage backdrop behind her.
But Mr Shapps said the party needed a new leader because it had “lost an election”.
Warwickshire MP Marcus Jones (Con Nuneaton) backed Mrs May and pointed out the Tories got 14 million votes at the last election, saying on Twitter: “She got mandate of 14m votes. Right to stay and carry through her positive domestic agenda and Brexit.”
Shropshire MP Mark Pritchard (Con The Wrekin) said: “Attempts to drum up a delegation of 30 MPs to try & force PM out - will fail. Also cowardly.”
Warwickshire MP Nadhim Zahawi (Con Stratford) tweeted: “Inundated with message of support for Theresa May from members. Grant Shapps has misjudged the mood of the party and MPs”.
Black Country MP Margot James (Con Strourbridge) said Mr Shapps does not enjoy wide support in the party after he resigned as chairman following allegations of bullying in the Tories' youth wing.
She posted: “Since road trip turmoil under his party chairmanship Grant Shapps lacks a base in the party.”
Staffordshire backbencher Michael Fabricant (Con Lichfield) suggested Mr Shapps held a grudge because he is no longer a minister.
“I wouldn't buy a used car from one embittered colleague - let alone take advice from him about who should be PM,” he said.
“Theresa May should remain.”
Mr Shapps said that while ministers were publicly backing the Prime Minister, in private some believed she should go.
He said the plan had been to approach Mrs May privately but the Government whips had leaked details to the Times.
“I am slightly surprised that the whips decided to brief a newspaper about it. That was their idea to smoke people out,” he said.
“The intention was to be able to go to Mrs May with a list of names - probably with the former Cabinet ministers going to see her.”
He added: “It will have to be her decision. I had rather hoped that we would be able to get to point where we could go to her privately and have this conversation; I am very sorry that the whips have not made this possible.”
Mr Shapps had not meant for the plot to be publicised, and blamed Government whips for telling the Times newspaper about it.
He told the BBC's Today programme: “I'm slightly surprised that the whips briefed the newspapers about it,”
South Staffordshire MP Gavin Williamson is Mrs May's chief whip and one of her most important allies.
Team NZ boss Grant Dalton says making America's Cup coverage accessible was a priority for the team - 'Wherever you are in the country, you'll be able to watch it'
The America's Cup holders are delighted Kiwis around the country will be able to watch defence in 2021.
Laura Rodley lands a full publishing contract with Prolific Press Inc, a Pennsylvania publisher with a history of discovering little known writers with big talent. This time is no different, readers are smitten with Rodley's pirate love poems.
Counterpoint by Laura Rodley
Contact
Glenn Lyvers
Masthead
***@prolificpress.com Glenn LyversMasthead
End
--is another release by the acclaimed publishing house, Prolific Press. After scouring hundreds of manuscripts by both professional and aspiring authors, Laura Rodley has been awarded a prestigious contract for full publishing. Copies are already available at Amazon, and due to Prolific's impressive distribution chain, booksellers have listed Counterpoint for sale all over the world. Counterpoint is available in the Prolific Press bookstore (link below) and at fine booksellers everywhere.is a love story with an unlikely heroine who finds more than she bargained for on the high seas. Set on the Whydah, the world's most famous pirate ship, larceny is lustfully obvious, but Rodley really steals our hearts with her poetic language that is as poignant as it is versatile. Unlike many other books of its kind, Counterpoint is approachable, and listed as poetry, though the story unfolds as a longer work of fiction. Despite its appeal to scholarly and alternative markets, this is a love story, and readers agree, they are in love. These are the kinds of books Prolific Press is known for—diamonds among the rocky shoals of the eroding sea of literature today.Laura Rodley's remarkable poems transport you to the North Atlantic in the early 1700s. Novelistic in scope, Counterpoint uses scene, dialogue, and action-driven narrative. And like any good novel, this book introduces an unforgettable character, Marie, an ordinary girl ("A laundress wears no jewelry on her / hands, only the roses of chapped skin.") who navigates the world with extraordinary fortitude. Artful language and sensual detail--whether evoking love's first desires ("and here we splice open our shirts / like oysters after plucking / and just as lush.") or describing the malodors of a pirate ship ("even the smell of their feet / had a noise called squelching.")—bring to life a briny world, both intimate and writ large. It's not often a poetry book is described as a page-turner, but Counterpoint is that book: a heroine's adventure lyrically told. ~~~Ellen Wade Beals, Publisher, Editor of Solace in So Many Words.Get yours today: https://prolificpress.com/ bookstore/prolific- books-c-12/c...
The Egyptian Football Federation says Mohamed Salah's shoulder injury will not keep him out for longer than three weeks, meaning he should be fit to play at least some part in the country's World Cup campaign.
Mohamed Salah leaves the field injured Source: Associated Press
The Liverpool forward was injured in the first half of Saturday's Champions League final against Real Madrid and left the field in tears.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said after the game that Salah's World Cup campaign was in jeopardy but the EFA gave an optimistic update on Wednesday after its president Hani Abu Reda, national team coach Hector Cuper and doctor Mohamed Abou El-Ela met with the forward in Valencia, where the 25-year-old is undergoing treatment and rehabilitation.
A post on the federation's Facebook page said that "the period of absence of Salah due to injury will not exceed three weeks."
That could still rule him out of Egypt's opening World Cup match on June 15 against Uruguay, with their second against hosts Russia coming four days later.
SBFF over 125 film , week-long festival Cinemark 18 & XD Playa Vista with celebrity augmented reality app Starlenz
Media Contact
Beach Dancer Films
beachdancerfilms@ hotmail.com Beach Dancer Films
End
-- Cinemark 18 & XD The Promenade Howard Hughes Center, 6081 Center Drive Los Angeles, CA 90045The 2nd Annual Silicon Beach Film Festival's official Opening Night Filmmaker Meet and Greet & Starlenz mobile App Launch. Hosted by celebrity actress Alice Amter from The Big Bang Theory plus actors, filmmakers, social influencers & many more. Friday April 212017 6-8pm; Red Carpet starts 5.30pmThis is the first time this revolutionary app has been used to monetize & promote films. An augmented reality scavenger hunt will be in the 4,000 sq. ft. Venice Art Crawl space, take virtual selfies with celebrities & filmmakers.unit 145 at the Runway Playa Vista 12751 Millennium Drive, #140, Playa Vista 90094Join us on the red carpet, for a Filmmaker's' Paradise all weeklongCinemark 18XD at the Howard Hughes Promenade Local and international filmmakers will screen over 125 films. The groundbreaking Silicon Beach Film Festival is now dubbed the SXSW for LA's digital, tech and film scene, where tech meets film & new media in the heart of Playa Vista."Tech in Hollywood" is an Augmented Reality & Virtual RealityGuest speakers Phil Ashcroft (RTSTRY), Kian Sarreshteh​ (Starlenz) with Gary Goldberger, entertainment attorney (Secretary of BAFTA LA)The Silicon Beach Film Festival Awards will be April 28th Hal's Bar & Grill, Playa Vista. Notable films include All Nighter (Academy Award winner J.K. Simmons ~La La Land, Whiplash) & we are literally spoiled for all the great choices in this fest!The Film Festival at Silicon Beach has Sandie West as producer, Peter Greene as Festival Programmer and Jon Gursha as Director. The festival offers a venue for local as well as international independent films to get a major screening platform.About Silicon Beach Film Festival:Silicon Beach Film Festival originated from the dedicated efforts of Peter Greene and Jon Gursha, who created the Culver City Playa Vista, Marina del Rey Film Festivals along with Silicon Beach Film Distribution including Beach Dancer Films.Contact:Jon Gursha (Festival Director)Silicon Beach Film Festival 4640 Admiralty Way, Suite 500, Marina del Rey, CA 90292Media Enquires Sandie West 310-721-2389
Hundreds of people turned out to enjoy Saltney's annual carnival, which featured its own version of a bushtucker trial.
The event, now in its second year, was organised by the charity To Lend A Helping Hand and was held at Saltney Town Football Club yesterday.
It included a range of attractions including a sponsored bushtucker trial and the carnival royalty competition – where young people from Saltney and surrounding areas had a chance of winning a prize bundle as well as a tiara and sash.
The carnival aimed to raise money for the football club as well as to boost funds for To Lend a Helping Hand.
Charity founder Donna Smith and her sister Katy took part in the sponsored bushtucker trial challenge – based on the reality TV show I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here – which saw them eat things such as spiders, crickets, fish eyes, sheep testicles, century eggs, blended fish guts and more.
Donna said: “The bushtucker trial was one of the most disgusting things I've ever encountered and I definitely won't be
repeating it.”
She added: “We had an amazing turnout and I have to say a huge thank you to Darren Meredith of Saltney Town FC.
“We've had the pleasure of meeting some amazing people and had the honour of working with some great local businesses.
“I want to congratulate the winners of the carnival royalty competition – Lucy Simmons, our new carnival queen; Piper McCabe, our princess; Lizzie Thomas, who was the princess runner-up and Jenson Chesworth and Lola Williams, who are our mini royalty winners.
“Also thank you to all my family and friends for helping out on the day. Watch this space for next year's plans.”
Cllr Carol Gregory, Mayor of Saltney, said: “It went very well. There were a lot of people there – it must have been hundreds.
“There were a lot of parents and children who came down for the football and the stalls.
“There were a few rides last year and I think there were more this years.”
She added the event's carnival queens were also a big draw for people attending the event.
Cllr Michelle Streeter, who was working with the charity on the day, said: “Myself and To Lend a Helping Hand chairman and founder Donna Smith were so pleased with the reception we had.
“It has done really well. Thank you to everyone who donated and to Saltney Town Football Club for hosting the event.
“The carnival queens and mini royalty were adorable and we were just so pleased with how it all went.”
turned out to enjoy HUNDREDS turned out for Saltney's annual carnival, which featured its own version of a bushtucker trial.
The event, now in its second year, was organised by the charity To Lend A Helping Hand and was held at Saltney Town Football Club yesterday.
It included a range of attractions including a sponsored bushtucker trial and the carnival royalty competition – where young people from Saltney and surrounding areas had a chance of winning a prize bundle as well as a tiara and sash.
The carnival aimed to raise money for the football club as well as to boost funds for To Lend a Helping Hand.
Charity founder Donna Smith and her sister Katy took part in the sponsored bushtucker trial challenge – based on the reality TV show I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here – which saw them eat things such as spiders, crickets, fish eyes, sheep testicles, century eggs, blended fish guts and more.
Donna said: “The bushtucker trial was one of the most disgusting things I've ever encountered and I definitely won't be
repeating it.”
She added: “We had an amazing turnout and I have to say a huge thank you to Darren Meredith of Saltney Town FC.
“We've had the pleasure of meeting some amazing people and had the honour of working with some great local businesses.
“I want to congratulate the winners of the carnival royalty competition – Lucy Simmons, our new carnival queen; Piper McCabe, our princess; Lizzie Thomas, who was the princess runner-up and Jenson Chesworth and Lola Williams, who are our mini royalty winners.
“Also thank you to all my family and friends for helping out on the day. Watch this space for next year's plans.”
Cllr Carol Gregory, Mayor of Saltney, said: “It went very well. There were a lot of people there – it must have been hundreds.
“There were a lot of parents and children who came down for the football and the stalls.
“There were a few rides last year and I think there were more this years.”
She added the event's carnival queens were also a big draw for people attending the event.
Cllr Michelle Streeter, who was working with the charity on the day, said: “Myself and To Lend a Helping Hand chairman and founder Donna Smith were so pleased with the reception we had.
“It has done really well. Thank you to everyone who donated and to Saltney Town Football Club for hosting the event.
“The carnival queens and mini royalty were adorable and we were just so pleased with how it all went.”
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) " Puerto Rico's new governor has been sworn in as the U.S. territory prepares for what many believe will be new austerity measures and a renewed push for statehood to haul the island out of a deep economic crisis.
Ricardo Rossello was sworn on Monday and proposed several measures aimed at alleviating the crisis. Among them is a proposal to hold a referendum that would ask voters whether they prefer statehood or independence.
Rossello also aims to boost public-private partnerships and use that revenue to save a retirement system that faces a $40 billion deficit. Rossello has pledged to work closely with a federal control board that U.S. Congress created to oversee Puerto Rico's finances. He said he supports negotiations with creditors to help restructure a nearly $70 billion public debt.
LeBron James is not a fan of Donald Trump. Last week the celebrated basketball player once again criticised the President for enabling racism in the United States, stating: “The guy in control has given people and racism […] an opportunity to be out and outspoken without fear.” James's words will likely resonate with many in the States, and indeed further afield.
James' criticisms of Trump have been frequent and forthright, his latest words reiterating his disapproval for the current President. In September – when the President rescinded the Golden State Warriors' invitation to the White House after the Warriors' players considered not turning up – James tweeted Trump: “Going to White House was an honour until you showed up.”
The American joins a long list of athletes who have used their platform to speak out against social and political injustices. Tommie Smith and John Carlos famously performed a black power salute at the 1968 Mexico Olympics, in what was to become one of the most iconic images of the civil rights struggle in the United States. More recently, NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick protested police brutality and racism in the US by kneeling during the national anthem.
When wading into political debates, especially in the United States, sports people are often told to ‘stick to sports'. The maxim has become something of a stock response to those athletes perceived to have trespassed into a domain in which their voice is of no value.
At first pass though, the logic of ‘stick to sports' is a bit odd. The phrase implies that we all ought to dutifully stick to our respective professions, only allowing the politicians and political analysts an actual opinion. You're a barista and you don't like Trump? Doesn't matter mate, stick to coffee.
Clearly this isn't the world the ‘stick to sports' crowd envisage, since those imploring athletes to ‘stick to sports' hold strong political opinions themselves without being political analysts. But it's unclear there's anything special about an athlete's job that disqualifies them from civil discourse.
It's unreasonably selfish to insist that sports stars owe a responsibility to the fans to maintain the escapism that sport provides. An athlete's job is to excel in their particular field, and whether or not those who enjoy watching their endeavours use sport as a distraction from their own life should have no bearing on what athletes can and cannot say.
Some individuals claim that since athletes are generally less educated, they are less qualified to talk about politics. Setting aside the irony that someone might defend Donald Trump, a man who described ranium as “this thing called nuclear weapons”, by appealing to his critic's lack of qualification on the topic, this reasoning doesn't stand up either. For a start, there clearly are many intelligent athletes, and there's no good evidence to suggest that athletes are genuinely less intelligent than the general population.
More seriously, by this logic only those highly educated or highly intelligent in society have license to talk about politics. But that's not how politics works.
We can't just disqualify voices we deem unintelligent. Many members of the ‘stick to sports' crowd will not be highly educated or highly intelligent, but they rightly regard themselves as entitled to hold and share political opinions.
Ultimately, one suspects that for the ‘stick to sports' crowd the real issue isn't athletes being political, it's athletes expressing political views contrary to their own.
It's seriously unusual to hear someone telling an athlete to ‘stick to sports' when their personal view is in step with the athlete's.
Indeed, the same individuals who instruct Lebron James and Colin Kaepernick to ‘stick to sports' welcome Tom Brady's endorsement and friendship with Trump. The hypocrisy should alert us to the real motive behind the expression.
Image Courtesy of Keith Allison
Tour this Historical City on a Budget. Completely narrated with step-by-step directions.
Contact
Steve mcChesney
steve@toursatyourfeet.com Steve mcChesney
End
-- Your phone is your tour guide.is a new App available on both the Apple App store and the Google Play Store.As every building is started with a foundation, New Orleans started with the. Back in 1718 when these streets were marshes and Louisiana was little more than a bold idea, New Orleans began its life in Jackson Square. This historical Square is at the center of what is now called the French Quarter. TheApp includes description and narration of 37 locations throughout this historic district. The affordable tour price: $2.99When the United States purchased Louisiana from France in 1803, Americans were eager to begin putting down roots in the city of New Orleans. Early district planners envisioned a neighborhood with just a couple of houses per block; each house surrounded by a large garden of flowering plants and trees. Hence the name,. This 31-location tour on theApp isNew Orleans is undeniably one of the oldest cities in the United States. Could it be that it is also one of the most haunted? Ghostly stories of the unearthly goings-on in this beautiful historic city are both interesting and bone chilling. The undead residence of New Orleans' underbelly may be nothing more than mystery, but withas your tour guide, each location's history will unearth some answers.: $2.99"This app was a pleasant surprise and a good alternative to the expensive tours of the city. The directions the app provided were spot on and the tour narration was very insightful. The ghost tour and the eco tour were the best ones in my opinion for which we paid less than $7 altogether. Highly recommend this app to anyone that loves to learn more not only about the history of the city, but of US history in general. Had we not stumbled across this app we would've missed a ton of things that are easy to overlook in the city saved a good deal of money. Great job with this app!!" - by Alreadytaken007 (Review from the Apple Store)'Tours at Your Feet' is a DBA of Walking Tours, Inc., a Florida Corporation. Our mission is to provide interactive tour apps to entertain and educate the public at a reasonable price. New Orleans is the first city completed. We are currently working on Charleston, SC; Savannah, GA; St. Augustine, FL, and Key West, Fl.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa fans were quick to show their delight after keeping up the pressure on second-place Derby with a 3-2 win over Burton Albion.
Above you can see what the fans had to say after the game.
Scott Hogan opened the scoring for Villa on 33 minutes, rounding off a flowing moved which included a delightful throughball from Robert Snodgrass.
Albert Adomah doubled the lead on 65 minutes when he squeezed in a header at the back post after Snodgrass floated a measured cross from the right.
The Brewers made the Villa Park faithful nervous by pulling one back through an Ahmed Elmohamady own goal on 71 minutes.
Moments earlier Jack Grealish was booked for an alleged dive when it looked like a penalty and the Brummie midfielder later hit the bar with a curling effort.
But Grealish got the goal he deserved in the 88th when he volleyed in emphatically after Elomhamady crossed from the right.
The scoring was not over yet as Brewers substitute Liam Boyce wriggled through to make it 3-2 in stoppage time.
Steve Bruce kept faith with the XI who started the midweek victory at Sheffield United and it paid off as Villa made it six wins on the spin for the first time since 1990.
Axel Tuanzebe was given his first run out as a Villa player with the Manhcester United loanee coming on as a substitute midway through the second-half.
The latest victory, in front of a crowd of 33,022 at Villa Park, leaves Villa in third, a point behind second-placed Derby.
Snodgrass injury update
Aston Villa withdrew wing wizard Robert Snodgrass as a precaution ahead of next week's Second City derby, Colin Calderwood has revealed.
Scottish flanker Snodgrass sublimely set up the opening two goals before being taken off after 67 minutes following a groin complaint.
The 30-year-old exchanged passes with Jack Grealish and Conor Hourihane before sliding Albert Adomah in to set Scott Hogan up for Villa's first against Burton before he crossed for Adomah to nod home the second.
Villa struggled after Snodgrass and Adomah were replaced by Axel Tuanzebe and Josh Onomah and were pegged back before Jack Grealish scored the decisive third.
Liam Boyce scored late on for the Brewers but Villa - largely thanks to Snodgrass' earlier contributions - had done enough to seal a sixth three points on the spin.
Despite a few concerns from supporters, Calderwood insists the decision to take Snodgrass off was just to give him a breather.
“I think he felt a little groin at half time but he's putting in big shifts in lots of games,” Calderwood told us. “I don't think it's anything serious so it gave us the opportunity for us to get Axel introduced and give him some experience.
“It was another solid performance from him. Both wide players are contributing really well with assists or goals.
“Albert's scored, Scott's scored and Robert on Tuesday night so it's a nice front line and it's a very good front line.”
Aston Villa player ratings as Super Jack Grealish wraps up another vital victory
You can subscribe to our podcast
iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/alliv-notsa/id1245197159
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/alliv-notsa
RSS feed: http://audioboom.com/channels/4906427.rss
Customs and Border Protection officers at the Pacific Highway crossing in Blaine, Washington seized more than 50 pounds of methamphetamine on Saturday, June 10. U.S. Customs and Border Protection Courtesy to The Bellingham Herald
Coronation Street viewers said they would boycott the soap if dog Eccles was killed off.
The animal was left seriously ill after being poisoned during Wednesday night's instalment of the ITV soap.
Viewers were gripped as Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor) found him lying on the ground in agony.
With his life hanging in the balance, Corrie fans started posted messages on Twitter urging soap bosses not to let him die.
“OMG NOPE CANT HANDLE THIS HELP ECCLES NOW DONT LET HIM DIE,” said one.
OMG NOPE CANT HANDLE THIS HELP ECCLES NOW DONT LET HIM DIE #CORRIE — S O P H I E🌹 (@SophieDB123) July 4, 2018
“If Eccles the dog dies, I'm never watching #Corrie again :),” warned another viewer.
If Eccles the dog dies, I'm never watching #Corrie again ? — READ PINNED TWEET IF UNFOLLOWED (@ChokingOnMyHalo) July 4, 2018
One said: “Not okay with this Eccles poisoning storyline one little bit. Too far buddy, too far #Corrie.”
Not okay with this Eccles poisoning storyline one little bit. Too far buddy, too far #Corrie — Victoria (@victoria_cal) July 4, 2018
Many praised the dog's acting skills, saying he deserved some accolades for his powerful performance.
“Omg that dog can act!!!” said one person on Twitter.
Omg that dog can act!!! Seriously if he dies, I don't think I will be watching @itvcorrie anymore.#Eccles #Corrie — JacJac (@JacJac_) July 4, 2018
“Eccles for a British Soap Award,” tweeted another.
Eccles for a British Soap Award #Corrie — Chloe Cooper-Cashin (@ChloeCashin) July 4, 2018
One teased: “Eccles is a better actor than some off the Corrie cast!”
Eccles is a better actor than some off the Corrie cast! #corrie — Emma♡ (@emmaholdforthx) July 4, 2018
Luckily, as the soap came to a close, it appeared the dog was going to pull through.
Coronation Street continues on ITV.
© Press Association 2018
PORTLAND, Ore. (KGW) — New court documents released Tuesday reveal details about Brent Luyster's attempted escape from the Clark County Jail that was discovered Sunday night.
Luyster is charged with murdering three people in Woodland last July. His arraignment, scheduled for Tuesday, was postponed until March 6.
Prosecutors plan to add three new charges — possession of a weapon, first-degree malicious mischief and second-degree attempted escape — related to Luyster's attempted escape. The triple-murder suspect also requested to represent himself on any new charges.
The Clark County Sheriff's Office reported an exterior cell window had been broken as part of Luyster's attempted escape. The shattered window was discovered by a corrections deputy during a routine perimeter check on Sunday night.
According to the court documents, after the broken window was discovered, deputies searched Luyster's cell and found evidence that pointed to an elaborate escape attempt.
A modified comb inside the cell was similar in size to a keyhole on the locking screen of the cell window. Beyond the screen, a glass window had been shattered and a file folder was covering a large hole, about 8 inches by 6 inches, in the bottom-right part of the window.
The window had a vertical and horizontal cross-beam designed to stop a person from fitting through, but deputies saw one of the horizontal bars had cut marks on both ends. If the cross-beam had been removed, it would have created an opening of 14 inches by 15 inches, big enough for a person to fit through. About 20 feet below the window is a walkway area of the sheriff's office.
A long cord was found in a garbage bag inside the cell. It was weighted with several pencils that had been wrapped in the cord and a hook on the end of the cord had been fashioned using screws and a flexible fabric loop.
Deputies also noticed a small metal ball bearing was missing from a towel holder in the cell. A ball bearing similar in size and appearance to the missing bearing was found on Luyster during a later search. Luyster told deputies he had removed the bearing from a piercing on his body.
In the cell, deputies also noticed screws had been removed from a metal interior window screen frame. The side of the frame, about 15 inches in length, was held in with one screw and could be easily removed. The ends of the side piece had been ground down to create sharp points. Police said the metal side of the frame appeared to have been modified as a weapon that could be used to cause serious blunt force trauma or stabbing wounds.
READ: Brent Luyster court documents
BACKGROUND: Woodland triple-murder suspect may face death penalty
The investigation into Luyster began when deputies were first called at 10:20 p.m. on July 15 about a gunshot victim at an AM/PM on CC Street. They found a woman suffering from a gunshot wound to the face, according to Sgt. Tony Barnes of the Clark County Sheriff's Office.
Court documents revealed the woman was unable to speak with deputies, but she was able to write the answers to their questions. She told them she passed out, then “army-crawled” away from the home to escape. She says she flagged down a car and rode to the gas station to get help.
Deputies learned the shooting happened at a home in the 4000 block of Northwest 417th Street. Upon arrival, they found three people dead.
The victims have been identified as Joseph Lamar, Janell Knight and Zachary Thompson. According to court documents, all three victims were shot in the head.
Documents reveal the two men were found dead, on their backs, side by side in the driveway. The woman was found dead, on her back, on the couch inside the home.
Luyster was considered armed and dangerous while deputies searched for him.
Cowlitz County deputies and Washington State Patrol troopers detained Luyster at around 4:15 p.m. on July 16. He was found driving a gold Ford Explorer on Ocean Beach Highway and taken into custody without incident.
Howard is unmistakably recognizable in his many mugshots, after his face was scarred from a gunshot wound in 2015, when police say a man caught Howard stealing his car.
But that incident didn't seem to faze him. It certainly didn't stop his criminal activity. Howard is an auto burglar, an auto thief and, when arrested, police say he usually has a gun or two. He's hardly ever alone.
He doesn't like showing up for court either. The Bernalillo County District Attorney's Office asked the court to keep Howard in jail on multiple occasions, including most recently in December, when he was picked up again for car theft.
Court records show judge Richard Brown denied prosecutors' request to keep Howard in jail, and released him if he agreed to medical or psychological treatment as well as submit to urine analysis.
But after his release from jail, Howard didn't show up to his next court appearance in front of a different judge.
Judge Briana Zamora issued a bench warrant, and Howard has now been arrested again. The Bernalillo County District Attorney's Office says prosecutors plan to ask the judge again on Saturday to keep Howard behind bars.
He will need to stay close to the courts. In his lawsuit against APD, Howard argues he was the victim of a civil rights violation in a 2015 arrest. Howard alleges APD officers beat him despite knowing about his head injury from that earlier shooting.
The complaint alleges an officer struck him and called him an "f***ing idiot" who had not learned… when he was shot in the head."
In a response filed in federal court on behalf of APD, the department denies those allegations. But the case is scheduled for a status conference on Feb. 26th.
Meanwhile, a judge may decide as early as Saturday whether to keep Howard in jail this time.
It's just one week away from the Augusta -Richmond County Board of Commission voting on whether it should ban smoking in bars and private businesses.
On most days these bar and private business owners are competing against each other for the dollar, but recently they've been banning together with one goal.
"I can lose my business completely and entirely," says Mohammad Ahmedsaid, Owner of Sharifa's Hookah Lounge & Bar.
Ahmedsaid is one of the 20 plus business owners who attended the Committee Meeting on Tuesday pleading with City Leaders not to pass the proposed smoke-free ordinance. Under it, his current hookah lounge wouldn't be affected but it could affect his plan of expansion.
"We will not be able to expand. Another thing is that with the hookah lounge even though it's a very small community in Augusta, it hasn't grown so much," says Ahmedsaid.
One Commissioner says he doesn't simply support it.
"If I own my building then I have the right to allow smoking or not to allow smoking. I don't like Government interfering into my private life, they interfere too much already," says Commissioner Wayne Guilfoyle.
But as one week remains until the final vote, both sides say hopefully some sort of common ground can be met. The question that still remains, what exactly is that middle ground?
"It's pretty simple if the government wants to impose nonsmoking then do it on government grounds," says Commissioner Guilfoyle.
The vote will head before the full commission next week without a committee recommendation.
Commissioners say they're encouraging business owners to reach out to them and voice their opinions between now and next week.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
CHANG, OUSCHAN, LEAD THE WAY ON DAY 1
Select group of veterans and newcomers aim to make their mark in Doha
By Ted Lerner
WPA Press Officer
(Doha, Qatar)–The long hard slog to the pool world's most prestigious title began on Saturday here in Doha, as 128 players from nearly 35 countries began the first of six days of action that will culminate in the crowning of the next WPA World 9-ball Champion on December 14th.
124 players competing in 62 first round matches on 14 Wiraka tables saw action on Day 1 at the Al Arabi Sports Club in Doha. The players have been divided up into 16 groups of 8 playing a double elimination format, race to 9, alternate break. A player needs two wins in his group to advance to the final 64, where the format will become single elimination knockout, race to 11, alternate break, all the way to the finals. The final, which will be played along with the two semis on December 14th, will be a race to 13 alternate break.
The first thing pool fans may notice when looking at the player roster is some glaring absences for this year's championship. American Shane Van Boening, who finished runner-up here the last two years, did not make the trip. Van Boening just competed for Team USA in the Mosconi Cup in Las Vegas and opted to stay there to compete in the US Bar Table Championships. There are, in fact, only two Americans in the field this week; Hunter Lombardo and Robert Hart.
Incredibly, not a single British player has made the trip this year. The Brits have been a mainstay in the World 9-ball Championship going back nearly 20 years, but for various reasons, none have entered the event this week. Perhaps the most noticeable absences are Scotland's Jayson Shaw and 2012 World 9-ball Champion, Darren Appleton, who had to attend to his ailing mother back in England.
Fans might notice a lack of players from rising pool playing countries such as Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Bahrain and Egypt. These countries had been making great strides in their pool development in recent years, but due to ongoing political issues, players from those countries were not allowed to travel to Qatar. Many talented overseas Filipino players, who work as house pros in pool halls in these countries, were also prevented from entering the event.
But while the lack of Americans and Brits, and others, may have drained some good talent from the field, it's still clear that there are plenty of amazing, world class players on hand that will be competing for the world title.
Defending World 9-ball Champion Albin Ouschan got his 2017 campaign off to a flying start with a relatively easy 9-5 win over Qatar's Abdulatif Alfawal. 2013 World 9-ball Champion Niels Feijen, who's been battling a bad elbow for several months, cruised to an easy win on Saturday with a 9-0 whitewash of Bangladesh's Ahmed Tanvir. Veteran players in Spain's David Alcaide and Germany's Ralf Souquet will be in action on Sunday.
Several top young Europeans are expected to make some serious noise here in Doha. 19 year old Albanian Klenti Kaci, who earlier this year won two World Pool Series events, got his first ever World 9-ball Championship off to a good start with a 9-2 win over the Maldives Mohammed Hassan. Rising Russian star Fedor Gorst, who recently won the WPA World Jr. Championship, stumbled on his first ever outing at the World 9-ball Championship, losing to Chinese veteran Liu Haitao, 9-5. Germany's 20 year old Joshua Filler, who just a few days ago won the MVP award for Team Europe at the Mosconi Cup, will see his first action on Sunday.
Other Europeans had good starts to their 2017 campaigns. Among the first round winners on Saturday were Russians Ruslan Chinakov and Konstanine Stepanov, Poland's Radislaw Babica, Tomazs Kaplan, Mateusz Śniegocki and Mateusz Śniegocki, Finland's Petri Makkonen, Greece's Alex Kazakis, and Estonia's Dennis Grabe. Former World 9-ball Champions Thorsten Hohmann and Mika Immonen both suffered first round loses.
The Philippines, Taiwan and China have big hopes for a high finishes this year. World number one Chang Jung Lin had a hard battle with Australia's James Georgiadis, and prevailed, 9-6. 2015 World 9-ball Champion Ko Pin Yi took down Kuwait's Fawaz Al Rashedi, 9-6. Ko's younger brother, Ko Ping Chun, defeated Henrique Correia of Portugal, 9-5.
The Philippines' Carlo Biado comes into this year's Championship with high expectations and got off to a fine start with a 9-6 win over China's Xu Xiao Cong. Fellow Filipinos Warren Kiamco, Jeffrey Ignacio, Johann Chua, Roland Garcia and Jeffrey De Luna all won their first round matches.
China brings its usual power lineup to the proceedings, led by former World9-ball Champion Wu Jia Qing, who beat Taiwanese veteran Yang Ching Shun, 9-5.
Also posting first round wins on Saturday were Japan's Naoyuki Oi and Hayato Hijikata.
Group stage play continues on Sunday at the Al Arabi Sports Club beginning at 10am Doha time(GMT +3).
**The 2017 WPA World 9-ball Championship takes place at the Al Arabi Sports Club in Doha, Qatar from December 5-15,2017
The winner of the 2015 World 9-ball Championship will receive $30,000. The runner-up will receive $15,000. The total prize fund is $200,000.
Fans around the world will be able to view many of the matches via the QBSF's free live streaming platform. Multiple tables will be available to view online at no charge to the public.
For live stream, live scoring and updated brackets, please go to the following links:
Live stream:
http://www.esnooker.pl/live/en/video_new.php?stol=1
Live scoring:
http://www.esnooker.pl/live/en/tsnew.php
Double Elimination Brackets:
http://www.esnooker.pl/…/2017/w9bc/en/show_drabinka_2KO.php
The players will compete on Wiraka DYNASTY Tables with Simonis 860 Cloth, Electric Blue Color and using Aramith Tournament Pro cup TV Pool Balls featuring the new Duramith Technology.
The 2017 World 9-ball Championship is hosted by The Qatar Billiard and Snooker Federation(QBSF), and was sanctioned by the The World Pool Billiard Association, the governing body of the sport of pool.
Fans can interact with us through the WPA's official Facebook Page for the event at this link;https://www.facebook.com/worldpoolbilliardassociation/
The WPA is also on Twitter; @poolwpa
Visit the official website of the WPA at www.wpapool.com
Versatile artist Mtwenty5 makes a grand debut on SoundCloud site with "Champagne" this season. This pop infused hip hop track is just perfect for partying hard.
MTWENTY5
End
-- SoundCloud site is the best destination for both musicians and admirers of the art form. The gala has revolutionized the process of music sharing and giving refined identities to wannabe musicians and singers around the globe. One artist who is spreading his energetic vibes in the arena is Mtwenty5. With an eclectic taste in music, Mtwenty 5 regards music as an integral part of his life after God and family. He enjoys music from various doctrines, sources and styles. Two genres that is very close to his heart are pop and hip hop. His love for these styles can be witnessed better in his hottest new single "Champagne" now available for global music fans on SoundCloud.Mtwenty5 aka TWENTY 5 is a Miami based artist who is an eventful and fun loving person. The activities he enjoys clearly resembles that he holds a very positive approach towards living. His hobbies include saltwater fishing, watching dramatic movies, spending quality moments with friends and family and most importantly music. Unofficially he has mixed, mastered and composed numerous tracks and recently has put his first step into the industry with the track "Champagne". This track is one particular piece of music that is a pure blend between melodious beats and gives energetic vibes.Apart from Mtwenty 5, the track "Champagne" also features another flamboyant artist 1FORCE. The music beats of the track is best to make wcj some move on the dance floors. The lyrics are written with a motive to set the ambience of party, dance and champagne all that symbolize the mood of celebration. For all who are planning to host a party this weekend, add this track to your playlist without giving a second thought. Pop music lovers and hip hop fanatics stay tuned to the music gallery of Mtwenty5 for his upcoming tracks.To listen the music, Please click the following link:
Illinois, 30 May 2018(News)- Underground mining is one of the processes used to access ores and valuable minerals in the grounds. The objective of underground mining is to extract ore from underground, safely and while producing little waste. The demand underground mining equipment is growing due to factors such as the rise in demand for coal, metal and minerals and the population growth. Improving living standard and disposable income are increasing the demand. Also, the improving construction industry is expected to increase the demand for mining equipment.
Manufacturers, to meet new safety standards with high levels of efficiency, have given priority to technological advancement in underground mining equipment. The growing mining activities in emerging countries and demand for coal for power generation have gained importance in Underground Mining Equipment Market.
Get Free Sample Report: https://www.prominentmarketresearch.com/sample-report/global-underground-mining-equipment-market
Key Players:
Komatsu Ltd (Japan), Caterpillar Inc. (U.S.), Sandvik AB (Sweden), Volvo AB (Sweden), Hitachi Construction Machinery Co. Ltd. (Japan), Boart Longyear Ltd. (U.S.), Flsmidth Group (Denmark), Kennametal, Inc. (U.S.), Liebherr – International Deutschland Gmbh (Switzerland), Metso Corporation (Finland), ThyssenKrupp AG (Germany) and others.
Objective of Global Underground Mining Equipment Market Analysis & Forecast, 2017 – 2023:
• To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with the forecast period of the various segments and sub-segments included in global underground mining equipment market with analysis of its development and demand in the market
• To identify high growth geographies and countries
• To study regional and country-specific demand and forecast for global underground mining equipment
• To cover the key segments of: Type of mining method, Application and region
• To finalize the unit breakdown for all different classification; and refer to them for forecasting, keeping few assumptions into factor
Target Audience:
• Manufactures
• Raw materials suppliers
• Aftermarket suppliers
• Research institute & education institute
• Potential investors
• Key executive (CEO and COO) and strategy growth manager
Get Free Customized Report Sample: https://www.prominentmarketresearch.com/inquiry-report/global-underground-mining-equipment-market
Key Findings:
• Global underground mining equipment market is expected to reach USD 30,406.6 million by 2023.
• By Type of mining method, Long wall extraction segment dominates the global underground mining equipment market with 73.48% of share in 2016, in terms of value. It is expected to show highest grow at a CAGR of 7.21% during the forecast period.
• By Application, Coal mining accounted for market value of USD 8,338.0 Million and is projected to grow at a CAGR of 6.30% during the forecast period.
• Geographically, Asia Pacific has been projected to have the largest market share in global Underground Mining Equipment market with a CAGR of 7.43%.
Regional and Country Analysis of global underground mining equipment market Estimation and Forecast
The reports also cover country level analysis:
• North America
o U.S.
o Canada
• Europe
o Germany
o UK
o France
o Spain
o Italy
o o Rest of the Europe
• Asia Pacific
o China
o India
o Japan
o Australia
o o Rest of Asia-Pacific
• Latin America
o Brazil
o Argentina
o Peru
o Venezuela
o Chile
Buy Report: https://www.prominentmarketresearch.com/checkout/471
About Prominent Market Research:
At Prominent Market Research, we are committed to provide the best possible service and recommendations to all our customers. You will be able to speak to seasoned analyst who will understand your research needs accurately. We make it our business to look after yours, with an efficient and friendly team always available to help you.
Contact Us:
Robin Hood,
Sale Manager,
sales@prominentmarketresearch.com
By Hassan al-Shanoun for Al Monitor. Any opinions expressed here are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of Iraq Business News.
Armed Iraqi factions threaten to target Americans in response to travel ban
US President Donald Trump's Jan. 27 executive order to ban nationals of Iraq and six other Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States for 90 days has caused a great uproar among Iraqis.
Although the travel ban has been temporarily halted by the US judiciary, the repercussions of the event are still ongoing in Iraq. Iraqis see the travel ban as an insult and a betrayal of the people standing against and fighting to defeat the Islamic State.​
On Jan. 30, the Iraqi parliament voted to recommend that reciprocal measures be taken against the travel ban. The day before, Iraqi Shiite cleric and Sadrist movement leader Muqtada al-Sadr had called on Trump to tell American nationals to leave Iraq.
The Iraqi parliament also recommended calling upon the United Nations, international organizations, the Arab League and the Organization of Islamic Cooperation to take stands on the issue, calling upon the US Congress to review the executive order and demanding that the US administration restudy its decision.
Ibtisam al-Hilali, a member of the Reform Front, told Al-Monitor that the government and executive authorities need to carry out the parliament's reciprocal measures if the US ban resumes.
Asked whether Iraq could influence the US decision, Hilali said, “Adopting diplomatic approaches is the best means to force the American side to renounce this rushed decision; otherwise the government and the relevant authorities should implement the parliament's action to maintain Iraq's dignity.”
On Jan. 30, the US Department of Defense said it is cooperating with the White House and other institutions to put together a list of all Iraqi nationals who worked with the United States since its invasion of Iraq in 2003 to exclude them from the travel ban. These efforts, however, have not helped ease the issue in Iraq.
On Jan. 31, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announced that his government is discussing a set of options “in response” and expressed his hopes of getting Trump's order changed; Abadi described it as an insult to Iraq and Iraqis. However, he said he has no intention of taking reciprocal measures.
LIFELONG HABIT: Jenny Ware has been smoking since she was 12 years old.
LIFELONG HABIT: Jenny Ware has been smoking since she was 12 years old. Sarah Steger
IN HONOUR of World No Tobacco Day, the Heart Foundation yesterday called on local governments to put restrictions on businesses selling cigarettes.
Wide Bay is tied with Cairns for the region with the highest rate of smoking in Queensland, with 20.8 per cent of adults (35,000 people) smoking every day, according to the Heart Foundation.
This is 10 per cent more than in Queensland (12 per cent) and .2 per cent more than Townsville (20.6 per cent), who had the third highest smoking rate in Queensland.
Heart Foundation advocacy manager Alison Durham told the NewsMail Wide Bay's high smoking rates were one of the many reasons new legislation was being pushed.
"It's about equity. The regions need to have the same advantages as the urban areas,” she said.
"We need to look toward strengthening the regions so they have the same campaigns and restrictions as the cities.”
Ms Durham said those living regionally were at a disadvantage in terms of access to employment, housing and education.
"We know that the outcome of that is higher levels of smoking and other unhealthy behaviours such as obesity,” she said.
The Heart Foundation yesterday called for legislation to restrict businesses that sell tobacco.
Ms Durham said anyone could currently sell cigarettes without applying for a licence.
"At the moment retailers don't need a licence to sell them or pay a licence fee,” she said.
"You need a licence to have a dog, but not to sell a product that can kill you.
"So our issue is there's not enough regulation on cigarettes.”
The proposed legislation would require a list of merchants selling tobacco to be compiled.
"If a person had a breach, like if they sold cigarettes to a child, they'd risk losing their licence.”
Bundaberg Resident Jenny Ware said the legislation, if passed, would not affect her.
"I only go to the tobacco station, so, that wouldn't change things for me,” she said.
"But I don't think we should be treated like lepers, which I think is what people are doing.”
Mrs Ware started smoking when she was 12 and has been hooked ever since.
"I started in the 60s when it was trendy. It was peer pressure,” she said.
And while the health implications and rising costs concerned her, Mrs Ware said they weren't enough to deter her.
"Tell the kids not to smoke. Don't even try it. It's the worst thing I've ever done,” she said.
Anyone wanting to quit can visit quithq.initiatives.qld.gov.au or call 137 848.
In the last year, there's been a big drop in support for charter schools, while other forms of school choice are getting a little less unpopular. That's the top line of a national poll released today.
President Trump and his education secretary Betsy DeVos have put school choice front and center on their education agenda. The general idea of "choice," however, takes many forms.
Charter schools are paid for by tax dollars, charge no tuition and are managed independently of public school districts.
Vouchers allow students to use tax dollars to pay tuition at private schools.
Tax-credit scholarships, now available in 17 states, which allow individuals and companies to get a tax credit for donating to scholarship funds that are used in turn for private school tuition.
U.S. opinion on these ideas seems to be shifting, according to a new poll from EducationNext, an opinion and policy journal associated with free-market education reform ideas. They've been asking similar questions for the past decade.
Here are the latest results:
Charters: Last year 51 percent of the public supported "the formation of charter schools"; this year it's just 39 percent, a 12 point drop in one year.
Vouchers: 45 percent are either strongly or somewhat supportive of universal vouchers. That's a bounce from last year, but more or less in line with the five years before.
Tax credits: This was the most popular form of school choice with 55 percent of the general public supporting this year; also a one-year bounce, but in line with longer-term trends.
There's no one obvious explanation for the change in opinion on charter schools. The drop was seen among both Democrats and Republicans and amongst all racial and ethnic groups.
"That's the largest change on any survey item, and one of the largest single-year changes in opinion that we've seen over the 11-year history of the survey," Martin West, the editor-in-chief of EducationNext, said on a press conference call.
The wording of the question — about the formation of charter schools — may hold a clue. In theory, it might be possible to have very positive feelings about the charter schools currently in your community, yet still oppose new ones.
And the expansion of charters is exactly what communities around the country have been fighting over.
Last year the NAACP and Black Lives Matter called for a moratorium on the growth of charter schools (the NAACP called more recently for a ban on for-profit management of these schools). The state of Massachusetts saw a bruising fight over its charter cap. Detroit's proliferation of charters has been labeled "a glut" and "chaos." And charter expansion was the central issue in the school board race in Los Angeles, one of the biggest public school districts in the country.
The nationally representative poll breaks down respondents by political party, and there's a clear partisan divide on many issues, even as public opinion shifts. Last year, for example, 57 percent of Democrats favored universal vouchers, against 45 percent of Republicans. This year they've switched places: 62 percent of Republicans like them and only 50 percent of Democrats agree.
Zeroing in on that political divide, pollsters also measured what they called the "Trump effect." That is, how do responses change when some people are told that the president supports or opposes a particular issue?
They found that self-identified Republicans are more likely to support an issue if they are informed that Trump also supports it, while Democrats are the opposite. However, Trump's net influence is nearly nil, which makes him less of a force than President Obama was in this poll in 2009. Back then, when respondents on all sides were told the new President supported an education issue, they were more likely to back it, by double digits.
This poll, then, serves as a snapshot of what some have called the breakdown of a long-standing bipartisan consensus on education that dated back to No Child Left Behind.
Still, there is one enduring issue where blue- and red-state opinions are near-identical: approval of the local public schools. 55 percent of Republicans and 54 percent of Democrats give local schools a B or an A.
It's somewhere between work and vacation.
That's the motto of Rich Dodson, guitarist and singer of Canadian icons The Stampeders who are bringing their classic, tie-dye rock anthems to Vernon April 7 and Kelowna April 8.
“It's hard to describe being in The Stampeders as work. We're very fortunate for that,” Dodson said. “That's sort of what this band has always been.”
Originally known as The Rebounders, the group formed as a five-piece band in the late '60s in Calgary before they relocated to Toronto and rebranded as The Stampeders. After the group was whittled down to it's core trio, they rose to international fame for their platinum single, Sweet City Woman, for which they won Juno Awards in the categories of best group, best single, the best producer and best composer.
Now that they've reached those heights, Dodson said, it's time to just have fun.
“We wanted to do a little southern B.C. tour. It's fun going through that spot again. It's a little run we'd probably never really do,” Dodson said. “We're full up on fame and just looking forward to more fun.”
Related: The Stampeders, Carrying On with classic hits
The Stampeders split in 1977 after reaching wondrous heights. But, in 1992 at the Calgary Stampede, the trio brought The Stampeders back to life and have since been recognized by the Society of Composers, Authors and Music Publishers of Canada (SOCAN) for their lifetime achievement, been inducted into the SOCAN Songwriters Hall of Fame on five occasions and the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame for Sweet City Woman.
However, instead of doing the lengthy tours of old, The Stampeders now prefer to keep their road time light.
“Maybe 25 dates a year is all we do. It's enough to keep it going not be done with it, to keep it fresh,” Dodson said. “The touring thing, I rather like. I never thought I would miss it when I left, but I did.”
Comprised of the original trio of Dodson with his signature double neck guitar, Ronnie King who tows the bass line while Kim Berly keeps the beat, The Stampeder's 13 stop tour stretches from the Island to the Kootenays with stops at small theatres across the province.
Related: Sweet City Woman sings for 45 years
“I'm looking forward to the tour, and at our age, this could be our last southern B.C. tour.” Dodson said. “It's nice to be up front and close to the audience. The band has nothing to prove and we don't take it too seriously.”
However, they don't disregard the tunes.
“We still play too loud. It's one, two, three rock n' roll,” Dodson said, adding that they bring their own light and sound people on tour. “It's fun to get together with the guys again. It can be a little tiring, these barn burners, but reconnecting with the fans afterwards is a big buzz.”
And, despite significant changes to the business since The Stampeders rose to fame in the '70s, Dodson said connecting with fans is just as easy and important as ever.
“The internet is the big change. The internet has allowed us to reintroduce The Stampeders,” Dodson said.
Not only has the internet changed the world of music, but it has allowed Canada to become a front-runner in the business.
“Now we have such a strong industry here (in Canada) you can be a Blue Rodeo band and not have to worry about cracking the United States,” Dodson said. “We just seem to have a good situation up here for talent and developing talent. Maybe because it's so cold in the winter we just spend a lot of time in the basement recording.”
While the industry may have evolved, Dodson said they're still the same old Stampeders.
“Come check out the old guys when they're still jumping around, and the clock is ticking,” Dodson laughed. “We're just kids. We're 70, but we're just older kids.”
The Stampeders rock the Vernon and District Performing Arts Centre April 7 at 7:30 p.m. Tickets are $65 and are available through the Ticket Seller, 250-549-7469, www.ticketseller.ca. The Kelowna performance is slated for 7:30 p.m. at the Kelowna Community Theatre April 8. Tickets are $65 and are available through Select Your Tickets, 250-762-5050, www.theatre.kelowna.ca.
@VernonNews
parker.crook@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Chipata City Council Mayor, Sinoya Mwale has directed the Council Town Clerk and the legal department to make follow ups on two contractors, who failed to deliver the skip truck and the rig drilling machine.
Mr. Mwale says the two departments should use court bailiffs in order to recover the money from the contractors.
He says this is because the two contractors have failed to fulfill their promises.
The mayor said this yesterday during a full council meeting.
Mr. Mwale says deadline for the contractor, who is paying back money for the rig machine, was 31st January, while the contractor paying back money for the skip truck had promised to finish paying on January 15th.
He says the two contractors need to be followed up and taken to task because they are not serious in paying back the money.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times US to lift sanctions on Sudan
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00* Select Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week* Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT's award-winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week* Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week* Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options:
Caruso Affiliated now oversees the day-to-day operations of the downtown Santa Barbara mall
Paseo Nuevo is under the new management of Rick Caruso, the Los Angeles mall developer also in charge of building The Miramar Beach Resort & Bungalows in Montecito.
Caruso's privately held real estate development company, Caruso Affiliated, took over management of the downtown Santa Barbara mall's day-to-day operations from Macerich real estate investment company effective Monday, according to Caruso spokeswoman Liz Jaeger.
The deal was made at the request of Paseo Nuevo's owner, institutional investors advised by J.P. Morgan Asset Management. The bank remains in a 50-year lease with the City of Santa Barbara.
“Santa Barbara is a wonderful community, with a rich history and unique style,” Caruso, founder and CEO of Caruso Affiliated, said in a statement. “We've had a great deal of interest in the Santa Barbara retail market, and we are pleased to be involved with Paseo Nuevo. We believe Paseo Nuevo is a beautiful property that has served the community of Santa Barbara well.
“We look forward to working closely with existing tenants, while we seek potential opportunities, to ultimately deliver a high-quality experience for guests.”
City planner Bettie Weiss told Noozhawk that management of Paseo Nuevo — a major redevelopment project for the city — has changed several times over the years without any hiccups.
“We would expect interaction similar to what we had before,” she said.
Paseo Nuevo, located downtown at 651 Paseo Nuevo off State Street, has 53 stores and other spaces in the outdoor shopping center that opened in 1990.
The property will be the 13th existing development managed by Caruso Affiliated.
Caruso's portfolio includes a collection of properties that attract millions of people annually, including one of its premiere developments, The Grove in Los Angeles, which attracts more guests per year than Disneyland.
Speculation that the company could also begin managing La Cumbre Plaza — Macerich's other Santa Barbara property — has been unfounded thus far.
Locals know the Caruso name for its attachment to the yet-to-be-built Miramar Beach Resort & Bungalows development in Montecito, which was stalled while obtaining proper approvals and financing.
The exclusive oceanfront resort will be built on 16 acres and feature 186 rooms and suites, a majority of which will be housed in lanai cottage and bungalow buildings.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Footage has been released of the tense moment a man was rescued after being swept away in a West Auckland river yesterday.
Police understand a group of five people were trying to cross a river in Waitakere yesterday when they were swept away by a flash flood near Cascades Falls.
A police spokesperson said two bodies were found last night in a river near where three people were earlier reported missing.
Auckland Westpac Rescue Helicopter were deployed to assist with the search and rescue.
The intense footage supplied to 1 NEWS shows the rescue helicopter hovering over the river as crew members organise and set up safety equipment to rescue the man in his 20's.
At around 7.15pm, Pilot Rob Arrowsmith located the man, who was found waste deep in water, unable to move with fast flowing currents on either side of him.
Crewman Ati Wynyard winch-inserted Intensive Care Paramedic Russell "Rusty"Clark into position to extract the man out of the water.
The man suffered multiple abrasions, was cold and fatigued and transported by ambulance in a serious condition.
A man who had earlier made it to safety was taken to hospital with minor injuries and another person involved was uninjured.
A spokesperson from Waitakere DHB has told 1 NEWS all patients who were brought to Waitakere Hospital have now been released.
A man known only as Josh from the Waitakere Golf Club told 1 NEWS yesterday that a man was brought to him in a hypothermic condition last night.
He had been trapped in a nearby river with several others.
"He was pretty hypothermic and roughed up," Josh said.
An eight-year-old boy who helped inspire federal legislation giving the terminally-ill the "Right to Try" experimental drugs stole the show on Wednesday at a bill signing event.
The boy, Jordan McLinn, of Indianapolis, Indiana, left his wheelchair to stand at the president's side as Donald Trump inked his name to the legislation.
While the president was passing out signing pens to the event's participants, the boy repeatedly went in for a hug. After several attempts the president rewarded him with an embrace and a kiss, according to the Daily Mail.
Boy waits patiently as President Donald Trump signs the Right to Try act in the South Court Auditorium on the White House campus. Photo / AP
He also gave McLinn the pen he'd just used to sign to the act that passed three years ago in Indiana after a lobbying campaign led by the boy's mother, Laura, who was also present.
Advertisement
As Trump delivered his remarks in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building's South Court Auditorium, he gave McLinn a special acknowledgement.
Trump told the audience that included several lawmakers who were instrumental to the bill's signing, "If I had that face. If I had that head of hair, I would have been president so long ago. That's great."
President Donald Trump hands a pen to Jordan McLinn, a Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy patient, after signing the Right to Try; act in the South Court Auditorium. Photo/ AP
President Donald Trump hugs Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy patient Jordan McLinn after signing theRight to Try act in the South Court Auditorium on the White House campus. Photo / AP
Jordan McLinn suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD), a fatal disease that typically confines the afflicted to a wheelchair by age 12 and takes their lives on average at age 25.
His mother, Laura, has said in news accounts that three years ago, in 2015, when Jordan was five, they heard about the Right to Try law.
At the time, Jordan didn't qualify for a clinical trial. She brought him to the statehouse in Indiana and lobbied state lawmakers to pass Right to Try.
Vice President Mike Pence, then the governor of Indiana, signed the bill in 2015 with Jordan at his side. The family later found out that because the FDA is a federal agency, its takes a federal law to give patients the approval they needed to access experimental drugs.
President Donald Trump kisses Jordan McLinn, a Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy patient, after signing the Right to Try"act in the South Court Auditorium on the White House campus. Photo / AP
President Donald Trump talks to Jordan McLinn, a Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy patient, after signing the Right to Try act in the South Court Auditorium on the White House campus. Phto / AP
In the meantime, she says, Jordan made it into a clinical trial and started accessing a drug that they believe is slowing the progress of his disease, she said in a March video created for House Republicans.
"I'm pretty excited that there's finally going to be a vote," she said in a promotional video for Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy.
The president today recalled that he endorsed Right to Try earlier this year in his first State of the Union.
"Patients with terminal conditions should have access to experimental treatment immediately," he said in the address before a joint session of Congress.
INVESTORS went buying on Monday following an international debt watcher's upgrade of the country's credit rating.
The bellwether Philippine Stock Exchange index (PSEi) added 0.65 percent or 53.87 points to close at 8,358.57. The broader All Shares similarly rose by 0.55 percent or 26.59 points to finish at 4,885.45.
“Locally, the markets cheered as Fitch Ratings raised the country's sovereign rating by one level,” a Regina Capital Development Corp. analyst said.
The rating, which pushed the country further into investment-grade territory, came with a stable outlook.
“This … provided support for the President's economic plans, which include tax reform aimed at strengthening the fiscal outlook,” the analyst said.
Only the services sector declined on Monday, falling by 1.37 percent.
Over 923 million issues valued P5.8 billion changed hands.
Winners outnumbered losers, 114 to 82, while 42 issues were unchanged.
- As noted, Alexa Bliss won a Fatal 4 Way over Mickie James, Nia Jax and Sasha Banks on tonight's WWE RAW from her hometown of Columbus, Ohio. She will now face RAW Women's Champion Bayley at Payback on April 30th from Bayley's hometown of San Jose, California.
In the Fallout video above, the new #1 contender says it doesn't matter if it's SmackDown or RAW, she's always said she will take over the women's division and she proved it here tonight on RAW.
- For what it's worth, WWE did not issue a post-RAW Twitter poll this week. They usually post the poll within a few minutes of the show ending, asking fans if they enjoyed tonight's show or not.
- Triple H tweeted the following thanks to actor and former RAW guest star Dulé Hill after his appearance on tonight's RAW. Hill was there to promote WWE Studios movie "Sleight," which hits theaters on April 28th.
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Chlorfenapyr Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included BASF, Dow AgroScience, Triveni Interchem, Kenvos, Nanjing Gaozheng Agrochemical, Kaifeng Bokai Biochemistry, Yonglong Chemical, Hunan Dejia Biochemical Tech, Yinguang Chemical, Chemtac, Zhejiang Rayfull Chemicals.
The Chlorfenapyr Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Chlorfenapyr industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-chlorfenapyr-market/10135/#requestforsample
The Chlorfenapyr Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Chlorfenapyr Market Products Type Segmentation : 0.95, 0.98.
Chlorfenapyr Market Applications Segmentation : Farmland, Greenhouses.
Key Highlights of the Chlorfenapyr Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-chlorfenapyr-market/10135/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Chlorfenapyr market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
TIDAL WAVE: Local businesses are ready to get on-board with Oceanfest.
THE Bundaberg community is hooked on the ocean themed festival coming to our shores according to event organiser Gary Kirk.
Since the announcement of Oceanfest Bundaberg, Mr Kirk said they have been met with an influx of businesses wanting to help bring the festival to life and showcase what Bundy has to offer.
"I know it's a well-used cliché, but there really will be something for everybody,” Mr Kirk said.
"Not only will have the quality seafood supplied by Ocean Pacific Seafoods to all our excellent vendors and top quality local and imported beers, wines and other drinks, but a wide range of nautical-themed attractions, events, demonstrations and workshops.”
Businesses and groups including Boats Galore, BRAG, Bundaberg Aqua Scuba, BMRG, Marintime Safety Queensland, Playhouse Youth Theatre, Willow and Beech and many more have come on board for the festival.
The free-entry event by the Rotary Club of Bundaberg Sunrise is all about quality Mr Kirk said, and those who attend the festival will be able to view the quality of Bundaberg from the sky with helicopter rides or on the go with a segway tour around the Burnett Heads foreshore.
Mr Kirk said the Bundaberg Port Marina Complex was an underutilised and beautiful area of the region, which made it a prime location for holding the festival.
"With plenty of grassed areas and lots of space with the moored boats and Burnett River a fantastic backdrop,” he said.
Mr Kirk said throughout the organising process, they focused on "making the event repeatable” in the hopes of making it an annual event.
Oceanfest Bundaberg will be held on August 26 at the Bundaberg Port Marina Complex from 11am-5pm.
For more information contact Gary Kirk by phoning 0467 492 109.
On-board
Here are some of the numerous activities to join in on at Oceanfest:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Journalist Arkady Babchenko, who was reported to have been killed in Kiev, has shown up at a news conference in Ukraine.
Russia earlier claimed it was willing to help Ukraine investigate the "murder" of Babchenko.
A senior MP made the comments after it was thought Mr Babchenko, who was scathingly critical of the Kremlin, was gunned down in the Ukrainian capital, Kiev, on Tuesday.
The 41-year-old had fled Russia last year, fearing for his life, and settled in Ukraine.
He had served in the Russian army during the two wars in Chechnya in the 1990s and became one of Russia's best-known war reporters.
Vyacheslav Volodin, the speaker of the State Duma, told Russian news agencies that Russia would be happy to help with the investigation if Ukrainian authorities requested it.
Harlem Desir, the media freedom representative at the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe, said he was “horrified” by Mr Babchenko's death.
“I call on Ukraine authorities to conduct immediate & full investigation,” he tweeted.
The Committee to Protect Journalists in New York said on Twitter that “Ukrainian authorities should conduct a swift and thorough investigation” into Mr Babchenko's murder.
The 41-year-old was scathingly critical of the Kremlin's policies, assailing Moscow's annexation of Crimea, its support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine and the Russian campaign in Syria.
Ukrainian and Russian officials immediately traded finger-pointing over his death.
Anton Gerashchenko, a Ukrainian MP who serves as an adviser to the interior minister, said on Facebook that investigators would be looking at “Russian spy agencies' efforts to get rid of those who are trying to tell the truth about what is going on in Russia and Ukraine”.
Mr Gerashchenko said Mr Babchenko's killer was waiting for him on the staircase inside the journalist's building and shot him in the back as he was going out to buy bread.
In Moscow, officials and MPs criticised Ukrainian authorities for their alleged failure to protect journalists.
“Ukraine is becoming the most dangerous country for reporters,” Yevgeny Revenko said in remarks carried by the state RIA Novosti news agency. “The Ukrainian government can't guarantee basic freedoms.”
Another renowned journalist, Pavel Sheremet, a native of Belarus who had worked for Russian media outlets in the past, was killed in a car bombing in central Kiev in July 2016. The case has remained unsolved.
In March 2017, renegade Russian MP Denis Voronenkov was shot and killed at the entrance of an upscale hotel in Kiev. Ukrainian prosecutors alleged that Mr Voronenkov, who had toed the Kremlin line while serving as a Russian MP but turned into a Kremlin critic after his 2016 move to Ukraine, was killed on orders from a Russian crime lord.
Mr Babchenko served in the Russian army and fought during the first separatist war in Chechnya during the 1990s. He later became a journalist and worked as a military correspondent for several Russian media outlets. He also published several books based on his wartime experiences.
Some of his articles and posts outraged many Russians. In one, he said he felt no regret about the deaths of Russian army choir members and others from a December 2016 plane crash as they were heading to perform before Russian troops in Syria. Some even called for stripping Mr Babchenko of his Russian citizenship.
Top Mobile & Web App Development Company Participates In 37th GITEX Technology 2017
Mobile & Web App Develoment Company
Contact
iMOBDEV Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Mr. Tauseef Anwar
+918155063838
sales@imobdevtech.com iMOBDEV Technologies Pvt. Ltd.Mr. Tauseef Anwar+918155063838
End
--In the present time, buyer personas seeking for expanding business opportunities wherever it seems to grab the chance of reaching a peak to carry their business at one level up. The multiple opportunities available from the one stand that is none another than GITEX technology week 2017.GITEX – a platform where the technology giants appear to discover their abilities. GITEX has established the technology week since many years ago and since then GITEX continuously arranging the Technology Week every year. And now 37th GITEX Technology Week comes with the bouquet of global opportunities to expand digital industry at the highest peak.iMOBDEV Technologies has the best & leading Mobile & Web Application Development Company in India & USA. iMOBDEVs' network has spread around the various cities wcj of the world for providing the best services at your doorstep. Our dedicated web development team have mastery in web development for online, e-commerce business which covering in various open-source frameworks like Magento, WordPress, Laravel & so on.iMOBDEV has delivered the variety of IT solutions in various technologies including Augmented Reality, Virtual Reality & Beacon Technology. In the current scenario, iMOBDEV has reached the highest peak point in the success of delivering the 550+ mobile apps & web applications to their clientele. Your business needs us. We create very powerful e-Commerce mobile app for your online presence. iMOBDEV – a leading https://www.imobdevtech.com/ ) who gained awards for the mobile app development.We do love to create your online presence more powerfully discover on internet media. Don't wait just take a dive for Mobility Solutions tour with iMOBDEV. IMOBDEV arrives to discuss with business consumers for business growth.Happy Business!SR-F2,Sheikh Rasheed Hall, DubaiDate: 08 to 12 October 2017iMOBDEV TechnologiesContact Person: Mr. Tauseef AnwarMobile: +91 815 506 3838Skype: sales.imobdevEmail: sales@imobdevtech.com
Villa fans are in fine voice on their way to Crav
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City suffered a huge setback in their battle against the drop with a 2-0 defeat at the hands of relegation rivals Burton Albion.
Lloyd Dyer and Lucas Akins struck either side of half time at St Andrew's as Gianfranco Zola was on the receiving end of yet another defeat which left his side just three points above the bottom three.
Blues had chances – Lukas Jutkiewicz missed an open goal inside the first six minutes – but couldn't trouble the score-sheet in a tepid performance which puts them in serious danger ahead of Sunday's second city derby against Aston Villa.
In the second half, home supporters levelled chants towards their beleagured boss who has now won only twice in 25 matches.
Zola made one change from the 1-1 draw against Rotherham United.
Cheick Keita came in at left-wing back with Paul Robinson dropping to the bench and Jonathan Grounds shifting into the middle of defence.
Blues started brightly and had a fantastic opportunity to go ahead after just four minutes.
Che Adams challenged Burton's goalkeeper Jon McLaughlin after a long pass into the box, and the ball fell to Lukas Jutkiewicz who only had to clip home into an empty net from the edge of the box.
But with St Andrew's holding its breath, the striker saw his effort trickle agonisingly wide.
The hosts had another attempt at goal inside 10 minutes – Robert Tesche trying his luck from 25 yards with a low drive that went just past the post.
At the other end, Ryan Shotton produced an important block to divert Dyer's goal-bound effort to safety.
Dyer was on the score-sheet for Burton when they beat Blues 2-0 in the reverse fixture back in October.
The former Blues loanee was proving the danger-man again and, after getting the better of Emilio Nsue down the left, dribbled into the box with Brewers players lining up in the middle.
As he sent in the low cross, Shotton again came to the rescue with a fantastic challenge to halt the danger.
And on 37 minutes, the inevitable happened.
And again – Blues conceded a goal that was easily preventable.
First, Krystian Bielik mishit a clearance which led to Akins being sent down the left before the winger hit a shot down the middle of the goal which Kuszczak should have collected with ease.
Instead, the Polish stopper spilled the ball back into the danger zone and Dyer was on hand to poke home.
To their credit, Blues looked doubly determined in their search for a goal after a going behind.
Robert Tesche and Che Adams saw powerful efforts from 25 yards fly narrowly wide while Jutkiewicz was doing his utmost to provide a target to aim at in the box.
However, Zola's side went into the break a goal behind.
The boss made two changes at half-time, Kerim Frei sent on for Craig Gardner and Adam Legzdins replacing Kuszczak.
But as Blues looked to make their mark on proceedings with a positive change, they found themselves two down just seven minutes after the restart.
They failed to clear a corner and left Akins with a simple finish on the swivel from six yards out.
Burton then threatened to add another just moments later as Dyer took advantage of Blues comitting numbers forward to carve a path down the left hand side.
The 34-year-old fizzed a shot across the box which Legzdins was relieved to see run past his post.
Against the backdrop of chorus' of “We want Zola out” from the home fans, Burton continued to press and should have increased their lead.
Jackson Irvine fired over from close range before Jacques Maghoma made a tackle on Varney which almost resulted in an own goal as the ball hit the post and dribbled away.
Blues had their own chances to attempt to claw themselves back into game, but even on Easter Monday, they couldn't find any hint of charity to aid their cause.
Frei hit the side netting from close range and Jutkiewicz really should have pulled one back – but when the ball got stuck under his feet from three yards you knew it wasn't Birmingham's day.
ANALYSIS : Blues got what they deserved in another disappointing performance. Blues had more of the ball but Burton used it far better. Gianfranco Zola's tenure hit a new low.
CROWD WATCH : The 19,794 inside St Andrew's did their best to spur their side on but left the ground with a distinct feeling of anger in the air. They let their feelings known to the manager – singing “We want Zola out”.
BIGGER PICTURE : Blues are now in serious trouble of playing third-tier football next season. With Blackburn claiming a draw against Bristol City, Birmingham now sit just three points above the drop zone.
Blues : Kuszczak (Legzdins 45), Nsue (Maghoma 54), Bielik, Shotton, Grounds, Keita, Gardner (Frei 45), Davis, Tesche, Adams, Jutkiewicz.
Subs not used: Robinson, Kieftenbeld, Gleeson, Sinclair.
Burton : McLaughlin (Bywater 29) , Brayford, McFadzean, Turner, Flanagan, Murphy, Irvine, Christensen, Dyer, Akins, Varney (Mousinho 86)
Subs not used: Mousinho, Woodrow, Kightly, Naylor, Palmer, McCrory
United Airlines is again in strife after footage emerged of a elderly man being shoved to the ground by a customer service member in Houston.
The three minute airport security video from 2015 shows 71-year-old passenger Ronald Tigner being pushed to to the ground by united Airlines employee Alejandro Anastasia during an argument over a ticket.
Tinger is now suing United Airlines for $1.38 million (NZD) for staff negligence, claiming he was knocked unconscious by the act and still suffers concussion-like symptoms today.
Although the confrontation happened two years ago, a lawsuit was filed by Tigner last week in Harris County, Texas.
In a statement released prior to American television channel KPRC airing the video, United Airlines said Anastasia no longer works for them and was ordered to pay a fine, write a letter of apology and attend anger-management classes following the incident.
'We are disturbed by the completely unacceptable behavior shown in a video of a customer and a former United employee at Bush Intercontinental Airport in 2015," United Airlines said.
"The actions shown here do not reflect our core values or our commitment to treat all of our customers with respect and dignity."
Speaking to KPRC, Tigner's attorney William Hoke, said the footage was "one of the most inhumane things I've ever seen in my life".
FILE - This Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks are rallying early Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, as investors breathe a sigh of relief following the tensions between the U.S. and North Korea a week earlier. Technology companies and banks are making some of the largest gains as all 11 Standard & Poor's 500 industrial groups move higher. Seth Wenig, File AP Photo
NEW YORK (AP) — Harvey Weinstein will be suspended from his film company pending an internal investigation into sexual harassment claims leveled against the Oscar winner, a person with direct knowledge of the decision said Friday.
The person, who was not authorized to speak publicly, said an announcement on the suspension and investigation is expected on Friday. The decision was made by The Weinstein Co.'s board of directors.
The New York Times reported Thursday that Weinstein has over the years reached at least eight legal settlements with women over alleged harassment. Weinstein said Thursday that he was taking a leave of absence.
Leadership of The Weinstein Co. is expected to be assumed by Weinstein's brother, Bob Weinstein, and David Glasser, the company's chief operating officer and president.
The company will now conduct an internal investigation into Weinstein's behavior. The New York Times article chronicled allegations against Weinstein from actress Ashley Judd and former employees at both the Weinstein Co. and Weinstein's former company, Miramax.
The Weinstein Co. board of directors has pressured Weinstein to step down from the company he helped create, said the person familiar with the board's deliberations and decisions. Weinstein has resisted, hoping to weather the storm. Discussions between Weinstein and the board have been heated and contentious, the person said.
Weinstein on Thursday issued a lengthy statement that quoted Jay-Z and asked for “a second chance.” He and his lawyers, including Charles J. Harder, have also in statements and interviews criticized the New York York Times' report, though neither has referenced anything specific.
The Weinstein Co. board of directors are composed largely of investors like Tudor Group founder Paul Tudor Jones and WPP Group executive Lance Maerov. Board member Dirk Ziff, a billionaire investor, resigned Thursday.
Messages to Ziff and current board members were not returned Friday.
The company will now conduct an internal investigation into Weinstein's behavior. The New York Times article chronicled allegations against Weinstein from actress Ashley Judd and former employees at both the Weinstein Co. and Weinstein's former company, Miramax.
In an interview with The Associated Press on Friday, Weinstein attorney Lisa Bloom both defended Weinstein and acknowledged he'd been “stupid.” She saluted the women who have come forward to allege wrongdoing but said many allegations were overblown and consisted of Weinstein telling a woman she “looked cute without my glasses.”
Congressional Democrats, including Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and potential 2020 presidential contender Elizabeth Warren, on Friday began giving charities thousands of dollars in donations they had received from the disgraced Hollywood titan.
Weinstein and his family have given more than $1.4 million in political contributions since the 1992 election cycle, nearly all of it to Democratic lawmakers, candidates and their allies, according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
About 55,000 low-paid workers, mainly women, are about to get one of the biggest pay rises ever after details of a historic pay equity settlement are revealed today.
The deal will cost the Government over $500 million a year when fully implemented in five years, assuming it is signed off by union members and the Cabinet.
The settlement will mean hefty pay increases from July in three government-funded service sectors that employ mainly women on low rates: aged residential care, home support, and disability services.
The Herald understands that for the primary litigant, rest home caregiver Kristine Bartlett, it will mean an increase from about $16 an hour to about $23 an hour - more than 43 per cent.
The deal allows for annual increases over five years to $27 an hour.
Overall, pay rises will range from $3 an hour to $7, depending on the work and experience.
The statutory minimum wage at present is $15.75 an hour. The new pay rates will not be backdated.
The case is the first legal settlement in New Zealand that recognises that some jobs pay less because they are done mainly by women.
Talking about the ongoing negotiations last year, State Services Minister Paula Bennett said the deal would put some pressure on the budget by increasing the cost of the workforce.
Continued below.
Related Content How to close the gender pay gap Wage by age: How much should you expect to earn at your current age? Do you get paid fairly? Pay gap worst it's been in almost 10 years
"But equally, we've got women who work incredibly hard in some sectors that are absolutely necessary and it does come down to us working in a fair way with them to make sure we are addressing some of the inequalities that are out there."
Bennett herself was once a rest home shift worker, washing dishes and working as a nurse aid, and said it was a tough industry.
"I've always had a genuine empathy with those who work in aged care."
The Service and Food Workers' Union lodged a claim on Bartlett's behalf with the Employment Relations Authority in 2012.
It claimed that she and other caregivers, male and female, were paid at a low rate because it was work predominantly done by women.
The union took the case on behalf of Bartlett and 14 other union members of the 110 employed by Terranova rest home. Their wages were effectively set by the government subsidy paid by the Ministry of Health for rest home services.
The case was elevated to the Employment Court, Court of Appeal and Supreme Court.
But once the Court of Appeal confirmed that pay equity cases could be heard under the Equal Pay Act of 1972, the Government stepped into the process because it was loath to leave a case with such far-reaching repercussions solely in the court's hands.
The Government has been involved in two distinct processes: one negotiating a settlement on the Bartlett case - which has been extended to other care services similarly funded by the Government.
It also set up a tripartite working group involving unions, employers and the Government to come up with a set of principles by which other pay equity claims can be lodged outside of the court system - although they have not yet been enshrined in law.
The first of those claims - by education support workers - began last week.
Bartlett's Service Workers' Union has merged with the Engineers Union to become E Tu and if its members, along with the Nurses Organisation and the PSA representing other affected workers, accept the settlement, the pay increases will take effect in July.
EY employment law specialist Christie Hall said the amount involved in the Bartlett case would be "fairly sobering" for quite a few employers.
"The private sector is by no means immune from this."
It would convey to other employers what was expected of them and could make them nervous.
Birmingham Council in Britain settled a pay equity claim for about $2 billion.
Hall said that in terms of the Bartlett case, it would be interesting to see the amount of detail and methodology used to determine the settlement. That could be of interest in future pay equity claims.
- NZ Herald
LONDON (CNNMoney) -- French workers have won the right to ignore business emails that arrive after hours.
A new labor law that took effect on Sunday gives employees the "right to disconnect" from email, smartphones and other electronic leashes once their working day has ended.
"These measures are designed to ensure respect for rest periods and ... balance between work and family and personal life," the Ministry of Labor said in a statement.
The rule requires companies with 50 or more employees to negotiate new out-of-office email guidelines with staff. Firms have a duty to regulate the use of emails to ensure employees get a break from the office.
If management and staff cannot agree on new rules, the firm must publish a charter to define and regulate when employees should be able to switch off.
French unions have long pushed for a "disconnect" rule, saying digital technologies have created an "explosion of undeclared labor" that is forcing employees to work outside the typical work week.
Some French companies have already put rules in place to bar employees from using their work devices after hours. Some firms even completely shut down their email systems overnight.
The email rule is the latest in a series of measures designed to overhaul France's labor laws.
The government last year introduced new rules that make it easier for employers to fire workers and reduce overtime pay. The changes resulted in crippling strikes.
The country's 35-hour work week has been in place since 2000, but various reforms have softened these rules over time and some industries are granted special exceptions.
France's economy has been stagnating for years and many multinational firms take a dim view of French business regulations.
The International Monetary Fund expects France's economy will grow by 1.3% this year, on a par with 2016.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Despite being one of the safest and well-rounded packages in the B-segment, the Ford Freestyle still leaves us wanting in some departments
Frankly, it is hard to fault the little beefed-up Ford as it is a brilliant offering. Ford has done the majority of bits better than the competition, and some are even way ahead of the benchmark set by its rivals. But as we all know, no car is perfect, and the American cross-hatch too has its own set of shortcomings. Here are five things that Ford could have done to make the Freestyle packaging even better.
An automatic option
Ford chose not to offer an automatic option with the Freestyle at a time when the sub-Rs 10 lakh segment is brimming with two-pedal options from AMTs to dual-clutch automatics. It might get an automatic option sometime later, but the majority of cars offer the same right from the word go. Even the Figo currently comes with a petrol automatic option (check out the image above). The B-segment is filled with automatic cars; the Swift, which is the best-selling model in this space, offers an AMT option with both its petrol and diesel engines. Ford certainly needs an automatic to widen the appeal of the Freestyle.
Wow factor missing on the inside
The Freestyle carries forward the bugbears of the Figo, which means there's still room for improvement when it comes to fit and finish. As is the case with the Figo, the overall quality of the Freestyle is largely at par with the segment, but it doesn't feel as solid as the first-gen Figo.
The Freestyle's interior lacks appeal even when Ford has parted ways with that cluttered SYNC1 unit that had an overwhelming number of buttons! The free-floating SYNC3 system has added a bit of masala to the dash, but still, it misses out on the wow factor that, say, hatchbacks like the Swift exudes (check out the image above and below). Even the instrument cluster remains boring and bland like the Figo. The Swift gets a flat-bottom steering wheel, twin-pod instrument cluster and a low-set all-black dashboard with silver accents. The whole setup looks comparatively sporty and fresh.
Lacks fancy bits
There's no doubt that the Freestyle is one of the most loaded offerings in the B-segment. Its equipment list features things such as up to six airbags, ESP, traction control, a couple of touchscreen infotainment systems, and programmable key, to name a few. Despite having an extended feature list, the Freestyle lacks fancy bits such as projector headlamps or LED inserts in its tail lamps. It is not about being fancy - projector headlamps offer better illumination compared to regular multi-reflector halogens. The Maruti Suzuki Swift, for example, features class-leading LED projector headlamps (check out the image below) that certainly lit the road better. The Freestyle also doesn't offer LED daytime running lights, something that many people desire their cars.
Practicality
The Ford Freestyle is an adventurous vehicle and it should be high on the practicality front. It gets rugged and functional roof rails that can hold up to 50kg of weight on the outside, but it comes short on the practicality front on the inside. The rear seat, for instance, does not split fold and you've to flip the entire backrest if you need to carry extra luggage.
If it had split and folded, you can easily put luggage and can utilise the sitting space better as well. Also, the Brazil-spec model features leatherette and fabric upholstery that Ford claims come with a ‘soil repellent' treatment, which repels water and dirt. This would've be a boon for adventure junkies. Moreover, like the Figo, the Freestyle too lacks bottle holders at the back. The Brazil-spec model gets elastic bands on the front seats to carry things, including water bottles.
Pictured: Brazil-spec Figo-based cross-hatch (Ford Ka Trail)
Distinguished design
This would be nitpicking, but Ford could have given the Freestyle a more distinct look. It looks pretty much like the Figo, as is the case with rest of the cross hatches. Honda, on the other hand, has done things differently with the WR-V and the Jazz. The WR-V, which is essentially a Jazz, gets a redesigned front profile that sits quite upright compared to the hatch. Also on offer are body cladding and a noticeably different rear profile, and all these things lend the WR-V its own identity compared to other beefed-up cross hatches. As a result, it sells comparatively better and Ford could've done the same.
Well, now that you've read what we didn't like about the Freestyle, here' what we loved about the little Ford: Ford Freestyle: 5 Things We Like
This Story has not been edited by ABP News. It has been published through cardekho.com feed directly.
When Warren Gatland bumped into Wales Rugby Union chief executive Martyn Phillips on Friday, the coach predicted Wales would beat Scotland by 20 points.
Gatland said Phillips was shocked.
The rest of the rugby world was too, when Gatland's side whipped Scotland by 27 points, 34-7, to open the Six Nations.
Wales was the bettors' underdog, but to make up for eight British Lions out injured, Gatland picked 12 Scarlets and started 10.
Almost 10 years to the day after he started 13 Ospreys in his first match as Wales coach and beat England at Twickenham, Gatland's gamble on the Scarlets also paid off.
Their self-belief, attacking attitude, and understanding made up for more than 500 caps' worth of talent being injured.
"It was an afternoon I was expecting with the way we have trained the last couple of weeks," Gatland said.
"There was definitely a quiet confidence in the squad, they have been outstanding in their preparation, and we went into the game expecting to win reasonably comfortably."
Wales scored four tries, bombed at least three more, and kept Scotland scoreless until the 78th minute.
"Apart from the soft try at the end our defense was outstanding," he said. "Getting the bonus point was pleasing as well."
Wales will be the underdog again next week when it goes to Twickenham to face the two-time defending champion but Gatland expects to have at least two of his Lions backs available.
Liam Williams will take a full part in training on Monday after an abdominal problem, and George North should be available after tight hamstrings.
"I've said the draw was great for us. We've got England and Ireland away (in the next two rounds)," he said.
"We've often had pretty tough opening encounters so getting Scotland at home first up for us was a great opportunity. There were a lot of players who were involved last year (in the loss at Murrayfield) and they wanted to make up for that disappointment.
"Next week, we go to a venue where we've had a lot of success in the last 10 years."
Say this about Marc Bergevin: By ripping the guts out of his Montreal Canadiens, he's showing plenty of them himself.
But does being bold — at least in the past year — necessarily equate to making the smartest moves?
We're about to find out.
Consider this.
In less than eight months, Bergevin has made two huge moves.
First, he traded away P.K. Subban, a former Norris Trophy winner who was embraced by the community for, among other things, pledging to donate $10 million to the Montreal Childrens Hospital.
Then on Tuesday he fired coach Michel Therrien, who is said to have supported the Subban deal in order to change the culture inside the Habs dressing room, and replaced him with former Boston Bruins coach Claude Julien who, like Therrien, will be behind the Montreal bench for a second stint.
These are the type of storylines you'd expect to find in the pages of a Hollywood script. Instead, they are being authored out of the Montreal office of a general manager who now has the spotlight squarely on his shoulders.
No longer can Subban's huge personality be blamed for the Habs' shortcomings. Nor can disgruntled fans point to Therrien's conservative ways as the reason for the team not reaching its potential.
This is now on Bergevin.
Sink or swim. No more excuses.
Admittedly, the savvy Bergevin could not have predicted that all-world goalie Carey Price would be mired in a slump, one that is reflected in a Canadiens swoon that has seen them lose six of their past seven games.
Nevertheless, when you pull the trigger on the type of franchise-altering decisions that significantly move the seismic needle of the NHL landscape such as these two have, the statement you are making is clear: The window to win is now.
As such, Bergevin becomes the man on the hottest seat in all of La Belle Province, even with his team still on top of the Atlantic Division with 70 points. And, apparently, he knows it.
To that end, within a couple of hours of the Habs announcing the hiring of Julien, a number of NHL executives told Postmedia that they expect Bergevin to be quite active in the two weeks leading up to the March 1 trade deadline. Much of the speculation revolves around forwards Matt Duchene of the Colorado Avalanche and Martin Hanzal of the Arizona Coyotes, although the asking price for both is said to be quite steep.
How the final two months of the season play out — and what moves, if any, the Habs GM makes to augment his roster — could very well dictate what Bergevin's future holds with the Canadiens.
Of course, the players need to absorb part of the blame here, too.
During the summer of 2016, there were rumblings out of Montreal that the team's leadership core was growing tired of Subban's flamboyant ways and welcomed the leadership that Shea Weber was bringing from Nashville.
Then, on Tuesday, came speculation out of Habs Land that that same group of players perhaps had grown weary of Therrien's tactics and thirsted for change.
Are we to believe that Subban and Therrien were the sole reasons for the Canadiens underachieving? Of course not.
That leaves the question to be asked: Are the inmates running the asylum here?
And, to that end, at what point do the guys lacing up the blades become accountable?
Whether you agree with Bergevin's moves or not, he hasn't been shy in making waves. If they don't work, Bergevin might be the one waving goodbye.
Having said that, the fact that the Bruins dismissed Julien just eight days earlier likely accelerated Therrien's departure. The chance to scoop up a Stanley Cup-winning coach like Julien, who is familiar with the rigours of coaching the Canadiens, probably was too delicious an opportunity to ignore.
“Claude Julien is an experienced and well respected coach with a good knowledge of the Montreal market,” Bergevin said in a released statement. “Claude has been very successful as an NHL coach and he won the Stanley Cup. Today we hired the best available coach, and one of the league's best. I am convinced that he has the capabilities to get our team back on the winning track.”
Perhaps the most headscratching aspect of this coaching move involves the Bruins.
When Boston defeated the Canadiens 4-0 on Sunday, it marked Therrien's final game behind the Canadiens bench. In the wake of the loss, the Habs asked permission from the Bruins to talk to Julien.
Why would the Bruins even consider doing that?
Why, oh why, would you grant your most bitter historical rivals — the Canadiens — the opportunity to scoop up one of the most respected bench bosses in the game, a proud man who will want to crush you for firing him just one week earlier?
Sure, Bruins president Cam Neely hasn't seen eye to eye with Julien in the past dating back to 2010 when then-GM Peter Chiarelli refused the suggestion of upper management to fire the coach. Even so, allowing Julien, a man who certainly has an axe to grind with the Boston hierarchy, to go to your biggest enemy is a questionable decision.
Back in 2003, the Habs fired Therrien and replaced him with Julien. On Tuesday, history repeated itself.
“I came to the conclusion that our team needed a new energy, a new voice, a new direction,” Bergevin said.
If Bergevin's decisions don't work out, ownership one day might be seeking a “new direction” — one that doesn't include him.
TEAMS TREADING WATER IN ATLANTIC DIVISION
Just how much is the NHL's Atlantic Division in turmoil?
When the Maple Leafs are considered one of the more stable outfits in the division, you know chaos reigns supreme.
Here's a quick breakdown:
* With the Montreal Canadiens having axed Michel Therrien Tuesday and replaced him with Claude Julien, half the teams in the Atlantic have fired coaches in the past 10 months, including the Habs (Therrien), Boston Bruins (Julien), Florida Panthers (Gerard Gallant) and Ottawa Senators (Dave Cameron). Tampa Bay is the only Atlantic Division team among the eight not to have made a coaching change in the past two years.
* The struggling Detroit Red Wings are in danger of having their remarkable run of 25 consecutive playoff appearances come to an end, not to mention having their beloved owner, Mike Ilitch, pass away last week.
* Among the pre-season favourites to win the Stanley Cup, the Lightning lost Steven Stamkos early in the season with a knee injury and started play Tuesday four points out of a wildcard spot.
* There are rumblings among disgruntled Sabres fans that Buffalo's rebuild is going slower than expected.
Other than that ...
mzeisberger@postmedia.com
twitter.com/zeisberger
Should parents be banned from posting photos of other children on social media?
An Auckland school has asked parents not to post photos of other children taken at school events without permission.
Eric Bentley, chief operating officer of Evander Holyfield's Real Deal Sports and Entertainment, knew it would be difficult going up against Saturday's Premier Boxing Champions card.
While the PBC show at the Barclays Center attracted a crowd just shy of 14,000, competitive bouts featuring prospects and unbeaten fighters highlighted another card card at the Kings Theatre in Flatbush.
In the main event, junior welterweight prospect Josue Vargas (11-1, 7 knockouts) of the Bronx, New York overcame a leg injury to stop Victor Vazquez (10-4, 4 KOs) at 2:28 of the seventh round.
“That main event was one of the best fights I've seen in my life,” Bentley told RingTV.com Monday night. “Josue Vargas and Victor Vazquez really put on a sensational bout that was an all-out war.”
That bout headlined the card, the second of five between the promotional company and the Kings Theatre.
Bentley understood the risks of competing with PBC but felt the move would benefit the promotional company and the fighters in the long run.
“We were in a tough spot announcing this show, then finding out there was a competing card down the road,” said Bentley. “We felt we owed it to the fighters and our fans to move forward with it. We are really looking to build something with our partners at the Kings Theatre and wanted to build momentum from our first show (on Mar. 10).”
Nine fights made up the card, which was streamed in its entirety on CBS SportsLive.
Fringe heavyweight contender Sergey Kuzmin (12-0 1 NC, 9 KOs) dropped Jeremiah Karpency twice en route to a sixth-round knockout victory. Referee Shada Murdaugh stopped the bout at 1:57.
Junior welterweight Batyr Ahmedov (4-0, 3 KOs) broke down Mexico's Oscar Barajas (18-6-1, 9 KOs), winning by knockout at 0:56 of the third round.
Welterweight Shakhram Giyasov dominated veteran Gabor Gorbics (24-11, 14 KOs) over six rounds to win by unanimous decision. Giyasov (2-0, 1 KO) is originally from Uzbekistan and now resides in Brooklyn.
Hard-hitting Murodjon Akhmadaliev (2-0, 2 KOs) stopped Carlos Gaston Suarez (7-5-3, 2 KOs) of Argentina at 1:09 of the fourth round.
All four fighters are managed by Vadim Kornilov, who also manages WBA light heavyweight titleholder Dmitry Bivol and Ruslan Provodnikov.
Real Deal Sports and Entertainment will be promoting their next show on Friday at KFC Yum Center in Louisville, Kentucky with the first round of the Jose Sulaiman World Invitational welterweight tournament. The promotional company returns to the New York City with a card on June 9, the night before the annual Puerto Rican Day Parade.
Bentley is eager to continue promoting shows and also has an eye on delivering bouts on the West Coast.
“We believe we brought a very strong card with competitive fights and are fulfilling our commitment to develop local fighters. Justin Biggs and Mathew Gonzalez (both whom reside in the New York City area) are building their fan base every show and are proving to be legitimate prospects.
“We're really building something special in New York City.”
Francisco A. Salazar can be reached by email at [email protected] or on Twitter @FSalazarBoxing
Struggling to locate a copy of THE RING Magazine? Try here or
Subscribe
You can order the current issue, which is on newsstands, or back issues from our subscribe page.
6 Oct, Kathmandu: A meeting between CPN (Maoist Centre) Chairman Pushpa Kamal Dahal ‘Prachanda' and Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba has been held at latter's official residence in Baluwatar this evening.
According to PM's secretariat, issues related to recent political developments after the formation of leftist and rightist alliances as well as the preparations of the upcoming elections were discussed during the meeting.
William Tyrrell's biological father has been sentenced to seven months in prison over drug and theft charges.
Magistrate Kathy Crittenden acknowledged that Brendan Collins had suffered under the weight of his son's 2014 abduction and set the earliest release date for March 14.
Collins, who is also known as Brendan Clifford, was convicted of eight charges of having stolen items in his possession including bank cards, toys, novelty items and clothing.
He was also convicted of minor drug possession after police found him with a "minuscule" amount of methamphetamine, or ice and a glass pipe, reports News.com.au.
Advertisement
Bankstown Court heard on Friday that Mr Clifford had suffered from "flashbacks and psychological and emotional problems" since his then three-year-old son William vanished on September 12, 2014.
News.com.au revealed exclusively how Collins' life has unravelled since that say, with his descent into drugs, crime and mental problems
Brendan Collins laid bare harrowing details of his life since his missing son became the subject of Australia's biggest manhunt.
Collins looked strikingly like his son at his first public court appearance late last month since William became a household name.
Clean shaven, his brown hair shiny and his face looking fresh and surprisingly young for his 35 years, Collins shifted in his seat in a video booth in Silverwater prison on January 25.
One eye displayed a twitch as he leaned forward into the camera as he appeared via audio visual link in Bankstown court.
Arrested on January 15 and placed in custody on drug and theft charges, Collins swivelled on his seat as the court heard he had entered guilty pleas.
His hands thrust deep into the trouser pockets of his prison issue tracksuit pants, he listened intently as the magistrate and court appointed lawyer discussed his tragic past, and the fact he had been homeless and unemployed.
He was initially taken to Surry Hills police cells, where his mother Natalie Collins told news.com.au he sounded more cohesive than before his arrest.
She said Collins had spent several months in Parklea prison on drug charges last year, but since his released he had become a dishevelled disoriented mess.
NSW Police have offered a reward for information leading to the discovery of missing William Tyrrell, who would be turning seven in June. Photo / Facebook
He had hoarded rubbish and children's toys and "raged in his room" about protecting his children.
The charges for which he was appearing in court on Wednesday involved theft of toys and novelty items, and he was arrested while staying at a location where he was easily detected, and while wearing stolen clothes on a train with the security tags still visibly attached.
On Wednesday, despite looking nervous and exhaling loudly and gritting his teeth, he was extremely polite to the magistrate, telling her, "I'd like to get it dealt with now if that's fine please."
He even thanked her when she told him he would be spending more time in prison because his recent offending had "crossed the threshold" for being let off with a bond or a community based sentence.
This means Collins will be sentenced in the same week as Karlie Tyrrell, William's mother who is facing court over a charge of spitting at a police officer.
In between periods of homelessness, Collins has stayed in the spare room of the home occupied by Karlie and the former couple's two children, who are the younger siblings of William.
Collins looked thin and sometimes spaced out, with his eyes wide open. At one point he bent down to remove his jail issue shoes.
He confirmed to the magistrate that he could hear her and thanked her and then as his lawyer revealed his past to the court, he sat bolt upright in the prison video booth and gave the court his full attention.
"[Collins] has been homeless on and off for the last three years. Three years ago his life went through a terrible period," his lawyer told the court.
Karlie Tyrrell, the biological mother of William Tyrrell, was also in court last week on charges. Photo / Facebook
"He is the father of William Tyrrell who is missing and has been suffering a degree of trauma.
"Being homeless has spiralled his illicit drug use and he has seen a psychiatrist at Parramatta when he can afford it and has made some progress."
Court documents obtained by news.com.au reveal that Collins has been arrested three times in the last three months, during the period that his mother Natalie had said he resembled an old derelict, and she didn't recognise him.
The documents described Collins as homeless, unemployed and previously convicted of drug offences, breach of bail, warrants offences, violence against another person by stealing, and goods in custody.
On January 15 this year, police facts say, Collins went to the Great Southern Comfort Hotel in George Street, in Sydney's CBD.
The hotel's head chef had arrived for his shift at 11am and placed his Samsung S5 mobile phone on a bench while he went into the cool room.
When he came out the phone was missing, and CCTV would show Collins entering the closed restaurant, looking around and taking the phone.
The restaurant manager found him playing with it in a bathroom and questioned Collins who said he didn't own a phone and handed it over.
Police arrived and searched Collins and found on him an Asian religious figurine, a Star Wars toy and a Sydney souvenir magnet which they believed were stolen.
Court documents show that a month earlier, on December 18, Collins was spotted by police travelling on a westbound train near Blacktown wearing a pair of black Le Coq brand tracksuit pants and a white Cahill brand jacket, both with the security tags attached.
He told police he had the receipts, then said, "That's how my mum gave them to me."
In his pockets, police found five packets of Telfast hayfever tablets, two Energizer magnetic torches, Kodak photographic paper and a pen and notepad set.
In his wallet, they found a vial of liquid and a green plastic tube containing liquid.
The court heard Collins had been charged with possessing a prohibited drug.
William's biological grandmother Natalie Collins, says her son Brendan has been terribly affected by William's abduction. Photo / News Corp Australia
On November 17, Collins was charged with unlawfully obtaining goods after police observed him walking "side to side" down a street in South Granville and kicking "a brick wall for no reason".
Police found him carrying an ANZ bank card, an EFTPOS card and a NSW Police Force civilian warrant card in the names of three men. He was also carrying bags including a clear plastic bag containing two $100 notes and three $50 notes.
On January 18, he was convicted in his absence after failing to appear in Parramatta court on having goods in custody, and unlawfully obtain goods charges.
"I was in custody your honour, OK thank you," he told Magistrate Kathy Crittenden when she asked why he had failed to appear on the goods in custody charges last week.
The court was told he accepted the charges, and that he would be receiving a custodial sentence.
"He has approached an employer while in custody and on release will have work as an excavator," Collins' lawyer said told Magistrate Crittenden.
"He has reconnected with his mother and grandmother and will be going to live with them and only if he's off all illicit substances.
"He tells me he plans to work, use the money to go back to the psychiatrist and stay off illicit substances."
She said Collins understood that he had "crossed the threshold" of hoping for a non-custodial sentence and accepted he would be remaining in jail after he was sentenced next week.
Ms Crittenden said that Collins had spent time in prison and had committed offences prior to his son William's abduction, including a common assault in 2010.
"I have come to view bearing in mind the offences for which Mr Collins is to be sentenced and his criminal history [and] he has served a week in custody that I would like to consider properly his sentence, so I will adjourn this matter," she said.
Collins leaned forward in the prison booth and said, "I understand that your honour. OK your honour, that's fair thanks."
When the magistrate added, "A term of imprisonment is warranted," Collins stood up and replied, "Right then, thanks your honour," and bowed deeply from his waist and disappeared back into Silverwater prison.
Natalie Collins told news.com.au that her son had been promised, on his eventual release, rehabilitation help from campaigners involved in raising awareness to find her grandson William.
"He needs counselling. He has stuffed up, but try being in the shoes on Brendan's feet," she said. "He has been suffering. I think police should arrest all drug offenders and sellers.
"But every day I think of William and Brendan just holds it in and doesn't talk about it."
Our musical geniuses here have put together a perfect playlist for you, your fam, and your friends!
This playlist features Ella Mai, Ariana Grande, Bruno Mars, Maroon 5, Taylor Swift, Post Malone, Drake, Cardi B, Khalid, Shawn Mendes, and more!
Set your July 4th cookout off right. Stream the Red, White, & "Boo'd Up" playlist here!
Photo: Ron Elkman / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Pitbull is bringing his Dale energy to the United Nations.
The Miami-based pop star will address the U.N. in New York City on March 22 about the global water crisis on World Water Day (via ABC News).
Related: Pitbull Helps Puerto Rico Cancer Patients with Private Plane
The Clean Water organization has announced Pitbull as the Clean Water Here Ambassador for the event.
The rapper will also receive the 2018 World Water Champion Award for his global humanitarian efforts, which includes sending his private plane to Puerto Rico to help cancer patients.
Pitbull is at the forefront of this year's “Clean Water Here” awareness campaign, which includes Bruno Mars, Pink, Maroon 5, Demi Lovato, Monica and Juanes.
Two kittens thrown out of car onto Auckland motorway in 'despicable act' - do you know who did it?
One kitten is dead and the SPCA want to find out who did this.
Government considering independent animal commissioner after recent footage of mistreatment
The Green Party is also asking if CCTV surveillance on farms and slaughterhouses should be considered.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Corrections officers work with members of the community, preparing the plantation of the inmate. Picture: DEPT. CORRECTIONS
THE Fiji Corrections Service (FCS) continued its efforts with Operation Solesolevaki last week to rehabilitate inmates, helping them to be independent before being released into their communities to restart their life.
As part of the commissioner's intent, the initiative is aimed at re-establishing the relationship between the vanua, church and general community to partner and network in a consolidated effort to restore the lives of inmates who are often rejects of society.
A 43-year-old inmate, who is set to be released in five weeks, is the third inmate to be assisted under Operation Solesolevaki.
Work is in progress at his cassava plantation at Manu settlement in Wainibuka, Tailevu where there has been an enormous support provided by members of the community.
The inmate said he was thankful to FCS for identifying him to participate in the project.
"Ever since I got imprisoned for domestic violence, something I regret dearly, I had been asking God to direct my path.
"Self-realisation has taught me to control my temper because that has been my downfall," he said in a FCS statement.
"Such a program gives us hope and it is an eye-opener for us.
"When we get support from FCS and the community, it is an encouragement for us to become better citizens and not to re-offend."
Peni Narai, 29, said FCS officers coming out into the field to do the work themselves was a testament of their commitment to rehabilitation.
Operation Solesolevaki was implemented late last year and FCS is determined to prepare inmates for their release and return to their communities so they do not resort to crimes.
The first concert of the SBCC Music Department's 2011-12 academic year will be a modest affair — an hour or so of solos and small ensembles — beginning at 12:30 p.m. Friday.
It is called the “Applied Music Recital,” and it features students in SBCC's Applied Music Program. The department's James Watson assures us that “this is an audition based program, so the students are all proficient players.”
“The recital itself is a very eclectic mix,” he said. “We have students playing saxophone, violin, viola, voice, guitar, piano and other instruments, in classical and jazz idioms, from various eras of music.”
The event is free, and the public is invited to attend, but you will have to be ready to accept potluck.
“I cannot tell you who or what will be on the program because the program itself is not finalized until about 24 hours prior to the actual recital,” Watson said.
The concert will be held in ECC-40 (on the SBCC campus, on Loma Alta Drive, down below the bridge). Click here for more information about SBCC music.
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer. He can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tom 'Pongo' Waring has gone down in history as an Aston Villa legend.
Here's quick guide to the claret and blue strike sensation.
THE STATS
Born: High Tranmere, 12 October 1906
Debut: Sunderland (a) 25 February 1928
Appearances: 225
Goals: 167.
Died: 20 December, 1980.
THE BEGINNING
From boyhood, “Pongo” Waring was a remarkable footballer.
Born in Birkenhead on this day 1906, from the moment he was able to kick a ball, he showed an unerring instinct for propelling it into any adjacent net.
A prolific scorer at school, Waring's first input to the professional game was as a chocolate-seller at his local club Tranmere Rovers.
DEADLY ATTRIBUTES
Just over six-feet tall he had everything a top striker needs.
Height, speed, amazing strength – he was almost impossible to knock off the ball – and intelligence.
As quick of thought as he was of foot, Waring was deadly in the box.
He would go on to score three goals every four matches.
According to the book Aston Villa: The Complete Record: "Waring had everything. He was a great natural footballer with effortless ball control, commanding in the air and able to score with either foot.
"He used his height and weight to good effect and opposition defender always knew they were in for a torrid time.
"Rated one of the most dangerous centre forwards between the wars Pongo was loved by the Villa Park crowd and he was certainly a colourful character."
NICKNAME
Rarely known by his name Tom, he tended to go by the name of 'Pongo'.
There were different suggestions as to how this came about, however it is believed that he got the nickname because his fun-loving nature was likened to that of a cartoon dog called Pongo.
He also sometimes went by the name of the The Gay Cavalier'.
A MAVERICK
Former Villa team-mate Bill Walker wrote about Waring in his autobiography, published in 1959.
Here's how he described his claret and blue colleague:
"There were no rules for Pongo. Nobody knew what time he would turn up for training—ten o'clock, eleven o'clock, twelve o'clock, it made no odds.
"Nobody on the staff could do anything with him although I think I can claim, as the captain in his days, to be the only person able to handle him. He was a funny lad indeed.
"We started the weeks training on Tuesday mornings and every Tuesday he followed a habit which he could never break.
"He would go round all the refreshment bars on the ground and finish off the lemonade of customers, storing the remains in the bottles!
"Then he would start a little of his training—but that seldom lasted very long."
PODCAST
You can subscribe to our podcast
iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/alliv-notsa/id1245197159
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/alliv-notsa
RSS feed: http://audioboom.com/channels/4906427.rss
ANNOUNCING HIS ARRIVAL
He soon transferred his skills to the pitch and in February 1928 his form for Rovers convinced Aston Villa to buy him for £4,700.
His first outing in a Villa shirt, for the reserves against Blues, attracted a crowd of 23,440 for a Central League game. Waring did not let them down, scoring a hat-trick.
He scored on his first-team debut for Villa at Sunderland. In his first full season he scored 32 goals. His second was injury-affected but his third, 1930/31, was sensational.
WHAT A SEASON
On the opening day of the 1930/31 campaign, Waring scored all four in Villa's 4-3 win at Manchester United.
In the third game, at home to West Ham, he scored another four in a 6-1 win. He scored in each of the first seven games and netted 28 goals in 22 games before missing three matches through injury.
He returned with eight goals in three games: two each in an 8-1 win over Middlesbrough and a 6-1 victory at Huddersfield and four in a 4-2 home win over Sunderland.
Waring tormented defences up and down the country and when the final home game of the season arrived he required one more goal for 50, having so far notched 48 in the league and one in the cup.
THE HALF CENTURY
Finding it would not be easy though against a Manchester City side which beat Villa 3-1 at Maine Road earlier in the season. Villa also had to lift themselves despite knowing their title challenge had narrowly failed.
They were certain to finish second behind Arsenal. So all eyes were on Pongo and his quest for 50.
Lift themselves they did. Villa scored twice in the first ten minutes but neither went to Waring. After two minutes, Eric Houghton crossed for Reg Chester to head home. Five minutes later, Joe Beresford's header doubled the lead.
With City's marking all over the place, surely it was only a matter of time before Pongo struck. Chester teed up a great chance for him but he sent it wide. Next time Waring did find the net – but was flagged offside. One of those days?
No. Eight minutes after the break came the magic moment. Chester crossed low and Waring was quickest to react, beating defender Laurie Barnett and goalkeeper Len Langford to the ball to nudge it home.
Rather aptly, considering the distress he had caused opponents all season, while Waring strode away acknowledging the cheers, both City men were grounded.
Langford needed attention from the trainer while Barnett hobbled off – two more victims of the great Pongo.
ENGLAND HONOURS
Waring also scored on his England debut and hit four goals in five international appearances.
HOW IT ENDED
In October 1935 with Villa at the bottom of the table, manager Jimmy McMullan left and Waring asked for a transfer.
He joined Barnsley in November 1935 but was unable to recapture his best form away from Villa.
Waring died on December 20 1980, aged 74.
Photo: Robert Hanashiro / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
In 2016, singer Brian Johnson bowed out of AC/DC when hearing problems left him unable to perform in peak condition on tour. The legendary singer was ultimately replaced by Guns N' Roses' Axl Rose. Now, Johnson has opened up about the decision in a new interview.
Related: Guns N' Roses Plays Three-Song Tribute to AC/DC's Malcolm Young
“Onstage it was getting harder and harder to hear the guitars, even hear the keys, and I was basically going on muscle memory,” Johnson told the Sunday Times. “And I'm not the kind of guy who likes to cheat. The way I look at it, I had a great run.”
Johnson's departure came during the band's Rock or Bust Tour in 2016. At the time, he was “advised by doctors to stop touring immediately or risk total hearing loss.”
In November, AC/DC co-founder Malcolm Young died after years of health problems including dementia, lung cancer, and an unspecified heart problem. In the new interview, Johnson doesn't discuss a return to AC/DC and it's unclear what the future of the band will be. Instead, The original crooner of classics including “Hells Bells” and “You Shook Me All Night Long” discussed his car collection and television show, Cars that Rock.
“It's not rock stars that buckle my knees, it's [race car drivers] Juan Manuel Fangio, Ayrton Senna, Tazio Nuvolari, Stirling Moss,” he said. “These guys were frontiersmen; they did stuff that nobody else thought possible.”
Then again, so did Axl Rose — twice.
1. Always Pay Your Minimums
2. Keep Your Balance Below 30 Percent Of Your Credit Line
3. Find A Method That Works For You
4. Pay Off Your Balance
It can be confusing to figure out the best way to pay off credit card debt, especially if you're juggling multiple cards. There's more than one way to manage your debt. But if maintaining a healthy credit score is your top priority, follow these tips:The first thing you should prioritize is paying off the monthly minimum on each of your credit cards. If you don't pay your minimum, you'll start getting hit with late fees — which can add up fast. And if you fall far enough behind, your credit will suffer. FICO calculates your credit score based on your performance in five categories: Amounts owed, new credit, length of credit history, credit mix and payment history. The latter, which can be hit by missing minimum payments, accounts for 35 percent of your overall score. If you're deciding between paying off a balance and paying minimums on other cards, you should always pay off your minimums first, said Malik Lee, certified financial planner and associate at Henssler Financial. "You want to rebuild your credit without going further in debt," he said. A good way to make sure you don't fall behind on minimums is to set up automatic payments through your bank.If you're strictly focused on building up credit and can't avoid a balance on your card, at least make sure to keep your balance below 30 percent of your total credit line. If it crosses that threshold, you might start to see your credit score drop. Jared Paul, a certified financial planner and founder of Capable Wealth, explained that borrowers who keep their balance below 30 percent aren't seen as a risk or a threat by creditors — so a balance of less than one-third of your credit line won't hurt your score. Paul added that keeping a small balance can actually help build credit. "It might not be a bad idea to pay the minimums for a while so [you're] showing a longer history of on-time payments," he said. "If you just have a credit that's forever with zero balance — it's not a bad thing, but it's not a way to show that you're paying on time."If you've got balances across multiple cards, it makes the most sense to tackle the card with the highest-interest rate firstBut if that balance is especially big, it might be more motivating to eliminate balances from smallest to largest. "By focusing on the card with the lowest balance, you can more quickly achieve a 'win' by paying it off in full," Paul said. "Then, move on to the next lowest balance." These wins can help borrowers feel like they're making good progress, Paul said. "If that can help someone get out of debt faster, that's the long-term best play."If you're focused strictly on eliminating debt without taking on extra costs, pay off outstanding credit card balances. That debt collects interest, so paying it off quickly will save you money in the long run. But once you've eliminated your balance, don't get rid of your card. The "length of credit history" component of your credit score makes up 15 percent of your overall score, so it makes sense to keep your cards open and continue paying off their minimum balance once you've brought your balance down to zero. Written by Danielle Wiener-Bronner for CNN. The-CNN-Wire ™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
A set of interviews conducted by The Student newspaper with staff members of the University of Edinburgh has provided an insight into the varied opinions of lecturers and tutors both supporting and refusing to participate the nationwide strike currently in place by the University and College Union (UCU).
The nationwide strike, supported by members at the request of the UCU, is the result of an industrial dispute over proposed changes to the current Universities Superannuation Scheme (USS) pension programme. Leaders of the UCU have denounced plans to place pensions at the mercy of fluctuating stock markets as a danger to the financial security of members' pension fund. Thus, they have asked members to take 14 days of strikes beginning in February to raise awareness of opposition to the proposals.
On Friday 9 March, talks begain with UCU and USS on the industrial action. Following these talks, UCU tweeted the following update: “There has been constructive engagement and progress on the challenging issues in the dispute. Talks will continue on Monday, although both sides will be working over the weekend. For the avoidance of doubt, the strikes remain on.”
As of Sunday 11 March, a student petition on change.org, demanding compensation from the university for the loss of contact time in the form of a 12 per cent refund for this academic year's tuition fees, has garnered over 6,390 signatures.
Staff response to the strike has been varied. Nick Batho, a PhD student, kindly spoke to The Student about his support for the strike. Batho also commented on how he felt about students facing a loss of education: “These strikes are a product of long-term problems involved in the marketisation of the education system, as we've seen previously in the rise of tuition fees. Students are being turned into consumers by an ever commercialised university system, so unfortunately the only way to attack the university from maintaining this stance is by taking action and drawing attention that will affect the consumer base.
“I had expected far more backlash from my tutorial groups when I announced I would be striking but I have been gladly surprised with how many students are supporting this open criticism of the broader institutional problems within the university system. Seeing the shift in many Vice-Chancellors across the country has also been pleasing in how more people are challenging the assumptions the USS has made towards pension finances. ''
Conversely, one tutor at the School of History, Classics and Archaeology, who requested to remain anonymous, spoke of how they have felt intimidated when crossing the picket lines of fellow colleagues. These picket lines have quickly become a symbolic gesture of support for strikers.
The tutors not participating in the strike action acknowledged the cause. However, they refused to offer support for the strike at the expense of students missing out on contact hours, stating: “University staff have the duty to ensure the consistent provision of the education students have already contributed plenty of money towards.''
Tutors spoke of how they had made an effort to remain in their offices for the duration of the day, until the picket lines outside disperse, to avoid confrontation with fellow university colleagues.
Although the strikes are expected to conclude on 20 March, a statement released by the UCU announced plans for possible further strikes for 14 days during national exam periods if lack of progress in ongoing negotiations with Universities UK continues.
Photo by Andrew Perry
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Automatic Fire Sprinkler Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report APA Group, Cosco Fire Protection, Tyco International, Adams Fire Protection, Heiser Logistics, VFP Fire Systems, American Fire Technologies, Viking Group, Kaufman Fire Protection Systems, Grundfos.
The report begins with introducing the global Automatic Fire Sprinkler market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Automatic Fire Sprinkler report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automatic-fire-sprinkler-market/5909/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Automatic Fire Sprinkler Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Wet Fire Sprinklers, Dry Fire Sprinklers, Deluge Fire Sprinklers, Preaction Fire Sprinklers.
Automatic Fire Sprinkler Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Residential, Commercial, Oil, Gas nd mining, Industrial and Manufacturing, Energy and Power, Transport and Logistics, Others.
Key points in the Automatic Fire Sprinkler Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automatic-fire-sprinkler-market/5909/#inquiry
From all of this Automatic Fire Sprinkler market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Automatic Fire Sprinkler market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Automatic Fire Sprinkler distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
by
Join us for a community celebration of African-American authors!
The National African-American Read-In is the nation's oldest event dedicated to diversity in literature. It was established in 1990 by the Black Caucus of the National Council of Teachers of English in order to make literacy a significant part of Black History Month.
Kent County Public Library is planning an interactive, multigenerational program that will include readings from a wide variety of authors shared by members of the community. You can come just to listen or plan to step up to the mic and take part as a reader.
Readings may include short essays, passages from novels, poetry, children's books, or other types of writing. A selection of readings will be available the day of the program, but those interested in reading are encouraged to plan ahead, choose a selection that resonates on a personal level, and practice reading their pieces out loud. To accommodate as many readers as possible, selections should be no more than 2-4 minutes when read aloud.
In order to allow for a wide variety of selections and encourage participation by all ages, the readings will be broken into two sets:
10am – Readings that are family-friendly for all ages
11am – Readings may contain more mature themes
After the readings, stay for a slice of pizza and conversation.
Questions about the program? Please call 410.778.3636.
Saturday, February 10 | 10am
Kent County Public Library | Chestertown Branch
NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks are climbing Wednesday morning, recovering most of the ground they lost the day before, as investors hope Italy might be able to avoid a new round of elections. Banks are rising along with bond yields after outsize losses a day ago and energy companies are breaking out of a five-day losing streak as oil prices rise. Smaller companies are surging after they suffered only modest losses the day before.
KEEPING SCORE: The S&P 500 index gained 25 points, or 1 percent, to 2,715 as of 11 a.m. Eastern time. It lost 1.2 percent Tuesday. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 209 points, or 0.9 percent, to 24,570. The Nasdaq composite added 60 points, or 0.8 percent, to 7,457. The Russell 2000 index leaped 23 points, or 1.5 percent, to 1,647, which put the index on pace for another record close.
The Russell fared far better than the rest of the market on Tuesday and has done better than other indexes in recent weeks. It closed at an all-time high on May 21.
ITALY IN FOCUS: Stocks in the U.S. and Europe sank Tuesday as investors worried that Italy would have new elections in a few months and that the vote would become a referendum on whether Italy, the third-largest economy in Europe, would stay in the euro. On Wednesday, premier-designate Carlo Cottarelli said there were "new possibilities" to form a government.
Advertisement
Italy's FTSE MIB stock index climbed 1.5 percent after a 2.7 percent drop a day earlier. Prices for Italian government bonds also rose, sending yields down following a huge surge the day before.
BONDS: Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.84 percent from 2.79 percent.
Interest rates rose and bank stocks recovered some of their losses from the previous day. When rates rise, banks can make more money on mortgages and other types of loans. JPMorgan Chase gained 1.3 percent to $107.27 and Bank of America picked up 1.4 percent to $53.69. Both stocks fell about 4 percent Tuesday.
EUROPE: The euro rose to $1.1606 from $1.1531 a day earlier, which was its lowest level in almost a year. The dollar rose to 108.88 yen from 108.24 yen.
Germany's DAX climbed 0.4 percent while the FTSE 100 index in Britain rose 0.2 percent. The CAC 40 in France lost 0.6 percent.
EARNINGS: Wall Street continued to pore over quarterly results from retailers. Dick's Sporting Goods soared 23.9 percent to $37.78 after it raised its annual profit forecast. Its first-quarter report was better than expected thanks in part to strong online sales. Printer and PC maker HP also raised its profit projections after its earnings and sales surpassed analyst estimates. HP climbed 3 percent to $21.94. Watchmaker Movado Group rallied 15.7 percent to $48.83.
Clothing company Chico's FAS plunged 20.7 percent to $7.92 after its profit fell short of expectations and luxury retailer Michael Kors dropped 12 percent to $60 following a disappointing forecast for the year. Shoe retailer DSW gave up some of its gains from earlier in the year as it lost 9.8 percent to $23.52.
ENERGY: Energy companies rose as U.S. crude oil climbed 1.6 percent to $67.81 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 1.6 percent to $76.67 a barrel in London.
Exxon Mobil jumped 2.9 percent to $80.70 and Chevron rallied 2.2 percent to $124.09.
Oil prices fell 7.6 percent in the last week following reports OPEC countries and Russia might start producing more oils soon. Those countries cut production at the start of 2017, which helped take U.S. crude from about $50 a barrel in late 2016 to more than $70 this month. They had agreed to keep production at its current levels until the end of this year, but upheaval in Venezuela and new sanctions on Iran could change their plans.
SURVEY SAYS: Payroll processor ADP said private U.S. businesses added 178,000 jobs in May. That's a solid number even though it's not as many jobs as they added over the winter. ADP reported strong hiring in the construction, education and health care fields as well as professional and business services. The federal government will release a jobs report Friday that also includes hiring by government agencies.
ALL'S WELLCARE: WellCare will pay $2.5 billion to become the biggest Medicaid coverage provider in Michigan and Illinois and add a pharmacy benefits management business, following the lead of competitors like UnitedHealth and Cigna. Pharmacy benefit managers run prescription drug coverage and insurers have been building or buy them to improve how they share patient data and manage care. They're also trying to gain better control of prescription drug costs.
The stock rose 2.8 percent to $227.30.
ASIA: Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index dropped 1.5 percent and the Kospi of South Korea dropped 2. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 1.4 percent.
____
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
It wasn't the southern hospitality that brought the McKee family here. A Toronto family found happiness in the CSRA while facing a tough medical journey for their son.
“For my son Jake. He's been battling brain cancer for the past almost, coming up on 6 years now. In Toronto he's been in a couple different trials, different treatment surgeries. The last trial didn't help. So, we've run out of options in Toronto,' says Rod McKee, father of Jake McKee.
But it has definitely made them want to stay. The treatment at Children's Hospital of Georgia and their stay at the Ronald McDonald House has made their visit nothing less than comforting during a trying time. “Just being around people, other families involved in the same journey as we're involved in, helps a lot. To talk to people and see that we're not alone. Jake's made some friends. We've made some friends. And it's just, they're so welcoming here. It's like nothing they won't do for us," says McKee.
Rod McKee is also a firefighter in Toronto. And says he was blown away by the support of the Augusta Fire Department. “And it just shows it even more now here. Like I said, we're Canadian. They're American. But you wouldn't even know it. They might as well be working in the hall next to me in Toronto. I have traveled in the past, different places. I've gone on some sporting events and tournaments with other firefighters and it's all the same around the world," says McKee.
Rod McKee says the southern charm has made a lasting impression on his family that they will never forget. “We joke. I told my wife, ‘Am I retiring here?' We love it here, seriously. It's so personal here. People are so friendly to us. People don't know us. It's amazing. I never realize, you don't realize how much you need something, until you need it I guess, right? Or until it's there," says McKee.
The McKee family will head back to Canada this week and will travel back to Augusta once a month for treatment for Jake. If you'd like to know how you can help the McKee family, you can check out their GoFund Me page here.
Culture Night delivered a near £1 million boost to Belfast's economy last year, the City Council said.
It attracted more than 100,000 visitors, including 18,000 from outside Northern Ireland.
For the first time it spread outside the Cathedral Quarter, and organisers are hoping to build on the success as the annual event celebrates its 10th year.
A Belfast City Council report said: "More than 96% of those attending Culture Night 2017 suggested that they would come to Culture Night again and this provides a very strong platform from which to build into the 2018 tenth year event."
Culture Night generated around £875,000 for the local economy in additional spending, particularly within the leisure and hospitality sector - as well as the retail sector to some extent.
The event also generated around £870,000 of media coverage, the value is measured by how many people view it, with a significant profile on social media in particular, the City Council said.
Culture Night is held every September and features anything from colourful and noisy parades to music and arts performances.
It is run by the Cathedral Quarter Trust and organisers are developing the 2018 programme.
They have been engaging with the City Council to ensure that the event can support some of the animation and cultural development activity that it is investing in for this year and to take account of the experience of last year.
The City Council report added: "They are proposing an increased focus on a number of key cultural events as 'anchors' across a wider programme of activity - starting from City Hall again this year."
A proposed Council contribution of £20,000 is under consideration.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An elderly man who has lived in his current home for 60 years has spoken of his devastation that his home will be demolished.
At least 15 homes close to Markeaton island in Derby are expected to be bulldozed as part of a £225 million scheme to improve the A38 between Little Eaton and Kingsway island.
One man who thinks it is too late in life for him to move is artist Terence Storey, who at 95 said: “It's devastating and at my age I don't want to move home.”
Homeowners in Queensway say they became aware of the possibility that their homes could become subject to compulsory purchase orders during consultation on the A38 scheme in early 2015.
Mr Storey has lived in his Queensway home for 60 years, where he has a studio, and said it would be “traumatic” to have to settle down again somewhere else.
He said: “Obviously, I will have no choice but it will be a drastic step for me and I am just waiting to see what happens next.”
Other residents have welcomed the news that their homes will be demolsihed.
Brian Mawson is pleased that after more than 15 years of uncertainty, which has blighted the 1930s houses, people have a clearer idea of what happens next.
He said: “Basically, the A38 will move closer to the city and this means that the land the Queensway homes stand on is needed to make this happen.
“We were first alerted to the possibility of the road being widened in a scheme that was put forward 17 years ago but within two years funding had been withdrawn and it did not go ahead.
“In the intervening years, we have seen the road widened and get closer to us and so the consultation three years ago brought the real possibility of our homes being bulldozed close to reality.”
Highways England announced its preferred option on Wednesday, which subject to planning, would see underpasses at both the Markeaton and Kingsway islands and a flyover at Little Eaton island to keep traffic flowing on the A38.
Mr Mawson, who has lived in his Queensway home for almost 40 years, said: “Our five bedroomed home is too big for just myself and my family now and so it will be a relief to move on. We are now waiting for the legal proceedings for this to begin and I would hope it could all be completed as soon as possible.
“But I am conscious that not everyone will be happy with the situation and may not want to leave their homes.
“There are a number of houses which are in multiple occupancy and others where young families have moved in as recently as three or four years ago and have done them up, who may not be so upbeat about the situation.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Highways England senior project manager, Graham Littlechild, said: “As with any scheme, and certainly one of this scale, there is a requirement to purchase land and property. As part of the preferred route announcement process, we have already been in contact with the residents that will be impacted by the scheme.
“We're very sympathetic to those affected and we will keep them fully informed as the scheme and design progresses.”
Work could start within three years on the project and could take up to three years to complete.
While some people welcomed the overall project, residents of Breadsall are concerned that the flyover planned at Little Eaton will create visual and noise intrusion for the village.
Highways England will now do further work looking more closely at the local area, completing surveys and investigations to help design the scheme in greater detail.
There will also be a further period of consultation later this year, when Highways England will ask for views on a more-detailed design before formally submitting an application for a development consent order.
Media Contact
Speaking Green Communications
Tony Green
***@gmail.com
9254872309 Speaking Green CommunicationsTony Green9254872309
End
-- Speaking Green Communications has received an invitation to speak at the Youth for the Environment and Sustainability Conference on Saturday February 24th, 2018 at Laney College on Oakland, California. The topic of the talk will be "The long-term effect of the Napa Fires on Bay Area Air Quality".The 2018 Youth for the Environment and Sustainability (YES) Conference is a FUN, free-of-charge, annual event that brings together middle- and high-school students from the nine San Francisco Bay Area counties (Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, Napa, San Francisco, San Mateo, Santa Clara, Solano, and Sonoma) to discuss solutions to the climate change crisis. The conference aims to raise awareness of how our transportation choices affect our families, our communities, our air and our planet. More importantly, the conference provides a youth-friendly and youth-driven space where students from all walks of life feel energized by each other and empowered to tackle current issues head on.Tony Green, the founder of Speaking Green Communications fsbdt commented," On a lot of levels it really makes sense that we take care of the environment that we leave to our children and their children".About Speaking Green Communications:Speaking Green Communications is a speaking/consulting business founded to be a voice for the adoption of sustainability and alternative energy technologies.For additional information regarding Speaking Green Communications contact Tony Green or visit http://www.speakinggreencommunications.com
The Food Standards Agency has issued a safety notice over the weekend after several baked goods were recalled due to the risk they may contain glass fragments.
Steak slices, Chicken and mushroom slices, minced beef and onion slices, cheese and onion pasties, chicken and bacon slices, chicken tikka slices and sausage and bean slices manufactured by Peter's Food Service and sold under the Peter's brand as well as LIDL Chef Select and ASDA brands have been recalled.
The Food Standards Agency notice reads: ”Peter's Food Service Ltd recalls several baked meat and vegetarian pasty products because they may contain glass fragments. Products include ASDA, LIDL and Peter's brand products.
“No other Peter's Food Service Ltd batches or products are known to be affected.
“If you have bought any of the above products do not eat them. Instead, return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund.”
The full list of affected products is detailed below:
Product: ASDA 2 Peppered Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 19 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: ASDA 2 Peppered Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Product: ASDA 2 Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 19 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: ASDA 2 Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Product: LIDL Chef Select 2 Chicken and Mushroom Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: LIDL Chef Select 2 Minced Beef and Onion Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Deli Cheese and Onion Pasty
Pack size: 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Cheese and Onion Pasty
Pack size: 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Premier Chicken and Bacon Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 21 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Product: Peter's Premier Chicken Tikka Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Premier Chicken Tikka Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 21 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Product: Peter's Premier Sausage and Bean Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Premier Steak Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
DETECTIVES have charged two people over the armed robbery of a Laidley service station on Saturday.
Police will allege three males entered the Vaux Street business armed with two iron bars about 7.30pm.
A 20-year-old man of no fixed address has been charged with armed robbery and is due to appear in Ipswich Magistrates Court this morning.
A 16-year old Laidley North boy has also been charged with armed robbery.
Three men robbed a service station in Laidley on Saturday, June 30. Contributed
They allegedly threatened the female staff member and stole cigarettes before running out of the store.
The female staff member was not physically injured during the incident.
Investigations are continuing. If you have information, please phone Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or Policelink on 131444.
Jennifer Lopez saw in the New Year with Drake at his show in Las Vegas.
Dating rumours started after Jennifer Lopez and Drake shared this cosy picture to social media last week. Source: Instagram: Jlo
The On The Floor hitmaker and the One Dance rapper have added further fuel to the fire that they are dating by attending the concert together on New Years Eve and having dinner with friends beforehand.
A source told Us Weekly: "Jennifer watched and had the best time at Drake's show.
"The pair had dinner first at Hakkasan Restaurant with a large group."
It comes after the pair, who have yet to publicly confirm they are dating, didn't hide their love as they enjoyed each other's company at Winter Wonderland Prom in Las Vegas, on Friday.
In a series of short video clips uploaded to social media, Jennifer was seen dancing intimately with the 30-year-old hip-hop star whilst another video shows them locking lips.
Later in the evening, the couple were also named Prom King and Queen.
Meanwhile, sources previously claimed that Jennifer was "very smitten" with the Hotline Bling musician.
They shared: "Jen is looking forward with excitement to the new year.
She keeps hanging out with Drake, and he has visited her house. She has nothing but nice things to say about Drake.
"They do work on music together [but are] clearly enjoying each other on another level too. Jen loves the attention and she seems very happy to be spending time with him. Drake is very charming. He treats Jen with lots of respect. She seems very smitten."
However, while the Latin beauty is "having fun" with Drake, she could still reconcile with her ex-boyfriend Casper Smart.
Other sources say the 47-year-old singer is enjoying her time with her new beau, she hasn't ruled out the idea of rekindling her romance with the actor.
"She's having fun," the source said.
Stockdale Capital Partners
Contact
Andrew Neilly
Gallen.Neilly.Amaral
***@gallen.com Andrew NeillyGallen.Neilly.Amaral
End
-- Stockdale Capital Partners, a vertically-integrated real estate investment firm based in Los Angeles, announced the successful refinancing of Aloft hotels in Silicon Valley and Tempe, AZ. The financing was secured through the Phoenix, AZ office of MidFirst Bank, an Oklahoma City, OK-based portfolio lender. Terms of the financing were not disclosed.The Aloft Silicon Valley in Newark, CA is a 172-room full service, all-suite Aloft Hotel acquired by an affiliate in December 2012. The owner completed a full renovation and conversion to the Aloft brand, reopening the hotel in March 2013. The hotel sits next to the 1.4 million square foot Pacific Research Center, a major lifescience and technology campus owned by Biomed Realty.The Aloft Tempe is a 136-room hotel developed by Stockdale and opened in 2009. The property is close to a 2 million square foot regional campus currently in the final stage of development for State Farm Insurance and is within a few miles of the Arizona State University campus, downtown Tempe and Sky Harbor International Airport.Stockdale's founding principals Steven Yari and Shawn Yari have a long and successful history in the hospitality industry. Together, they have developed or converted several hotels in the western U.S. including the highly successful W Scottsdale Hotel in downtown Scottsdale. When constructed in 2007, the W Scottsdale was the first full-service hotel to be built in Scottsdale for 20 years and the first affiliated with the W brand in Arizona. It now anchors Scottsdale's Downtown Entertainment District, a vibrant live-work-play neighborhood envisaged and developed by Steven and Shawn Yari which includes the 126-room Aloft Scottsdale Hotel fully renovated and converted by Stockdale Capital in 2016.Over the last 10 years, the firm has continued to build a significant presence in western U.S. real estate markets via direct investing, commercial development and through several programmatic joint ventures on behalf of institutional partners. Also last year, Stockdale Capital Partners formed a $100M venture with an unnamed investor to acquire medical office buildings in Los Angeles and a $75M partnership with private equity fund Siguler Guff for value-add investments across the Southwest. Both programs have announced acquisitions since launching. In September 2016, the firm announced a major venture with London-based Grosvenor Group and San Diego's Ace Parking to acquire and own parking assets across the Southwest. The venture closed on its first acquisition, in San Francisco, this week.For more information, visit: http://stockdalecapital.com Stockdale Capital partners is a vertically-integrated real estate investment firm with a 60-year family office heritage focused on owning and operating commercial real estate over multiple asset classes throughout the Southwest. Stockdale's leadership team has a long history of operational success and the firm's in-house property management team has the ability to easily execute cutting-edge renovations and/or reposition large properties. Stockdale has offices in Los Angeles, Phoenix-Scottsdale and Houston.
SEATTLE (AP) — A man charged with killing five people at a mall in Washington state last year was found dead in his jail cell in an apparent suicide, authorities said Monday.
Arcan Cetin, 20, was discovered hanging Sunday evening, said Rosemary Kaholokula, chief criminal deputy prosecutor for Skagit County.
He was being held in neighboring Snohomish County, where he was awaiting the results of a mental competency evaluation.
The Snohomish County Sheriff's Office, which runs the jail, said in a news release Monday that a 20-year-old inmate had been found unresponsive, and that efforts to revive the prisoner failed. The death is under investigation, the statement said.
Investigators say Cetin shot a teenage girl, a man and three women in a department store at Cascade Mall in Burlington, 65 miles north of Seattle, on Sept. 23. Authorities captured him about 30 hours later near his apartment and said he confessed during police interviews but did not explain why he did it.
READ MORE: Mall shooting suspect: ‘Creepy,' multiple arrests, disputes
The family of victim Chuck Eagan said in a written statement they were shocked by the death.
“We pray that the man repented to God before his death,” the statement said. “While this event puts to rest our fear of his release, we harbor no ill will towards Mr. Cetin or his family and pray for their comfort as we know all too well the pain of grief.”
Cetin had been charged with aggravated murder, which can bring the death penalty, but he had not entered pleas pending mental evaluations. His attorney did not immediately return a message seeking comment.
The 20-year-old had a history of violent behavior toward his family and ex-girlfriend. Cetin's stepfather, David Marshall, said the family had been trying to get Cetin help for mental health issues.
According to police reports, Cetin had told his ex that his father was connected to “bad people in Turkey.” Asked during interviews whether his Turkish relatives had ties to terrorist groups, Cetin said no. He also said he didn't have any contact with those relatives.
He said he had watched beheadings by the Islamic State group online but considered such terrorist actions wrong.
Asked if ISIS had inspired the mall killings, Cetin responded, “I can't answer that,” police wrote.
The shootings were captured on surveillance video. The victims were Sarai Lara, 16, and Shayla Martin, 52, both of Mount Vernon; Eagan, 61, of Lake Stevens; Belinda Galde, 64, of Arlington; and Galde's mother, Beatrice Dotson, 95, of Kingsport, Tennessee.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
Government ministers are refusing to discuss the expected upcoming visit of former US President Barack Obama, but the Governor-General says a visit would be fantastic and has even offered him a place to stay.
Obama is understood to be visiting from about March 20 under an arrangement with Air NZ.
The final contracts are yet to be signed and although the Government is the majority shareholder of Air NZ, its ministers are declining to comment, saying there is no confirmation of the visit.
After her powhiri on to the upper marae at Waitangi this morning, Governor-General Dame Patsy Reddy said a visit by Obama would be " fantastic."
Advertisement
"What a wonderful man he has been and still is, I'm sure . . . terrific for New Zealand for him to be here. I'd love to meet him. He would definitely be welcome at Government House.
Obama's trip is expected to include golf, likely at Kauri Cliffs which is one of Key's favourite courses in New Zealand. Key has previously gone under his handicap at Kauri Cliffs and will no doubt be hoping for a home advantage for his rematch with Obama.
Obama is also likely to undertake speaking engagements.
It is not known what the fee will be.
Last December Air NZ chief executive Chris Luxon said Air NZ was looking at adding new routes to its programme, including Chicago and New York. Obama's home city is Chicago.
An ambitious new buffet celebrated its opening in Luton, as its grand design and menu hope to immerse diners in traditional Chinese culture.
Hong Buffet, George Street, welcomed guests to their new venue in style on October 28, as visitors were treated to lion dancing, the art of Chinese face mask changing, and the presence of Counsellor Haitian Lu from the Chinese Embassy.
Hong Buffet's grand opening.
The new venue has taken months of hard work from owners and business partners, Tony Jiang, 42, and Yam Cai, 37, who took over the venue in September 2016 after former Chinese restaurant, Sizzall, closed down.
Tony and Yam said: “We want to run a restaurant which has a very Chinese style and culture. We want to wow diners with the interior before they taste our delicious food.
“Our culture is very superstitious, so we had a lion dance for wealth and a guest dressed as the ‘God of Wealth'.
“The Mayor Cllr Mohammad Ayub loved it and made a speech, and we chose Luton because it has a big population and for its high street location.
Hong Buffet.
“We know Sizzall closed last August but our strategy is different. We maintain food quality and standard.”
Indeed, Yam and Tony, who own 14 restaurants between them, have a wealth of knowledge, with Yam growing up around her dad's restaurant business in Fujian and Tony previously working as a chef in top London restaurant, Zen.
Hong Buffet's food is freshly prepared and, as well as Chinese, offers Japanese, Thai, Italian, Indian, Singaporean and Malaysian dishes.
Tony and Yam said: “The Chinese community like to integrate and we want to offer something for everybody, as well as bringing Chinese culture to Luton.”
Hong Buffet's grand opening.
The Luton News was invited to dinner at Hong Buffet. The spread on offer in the dining area really was a feast for the eyes, and the buffet catered for all palettes, whether you liked spicy food or milder dishes.
Reporter Jo Gravett enjoyed a delicious Beef in Black Pepper Sauce (a personal favourite), as well as sampling foods from other cultures, including Pad Thai Chicken.
To top the meal off, she enjoyed delicate Italian desserts with beautiful colours, and recommends that you keep an eye out for the beautiful food presentation dishes around the room.
Hong Buffet's grand opening.
The Mayor makes his speech.
TIMMINS -
With a narrow five-to-four vote, Timmins city council has decided to spend up to $2 million for the creation a new fire hall and integrated emergency services facility at Northern College.
While one faction at city hall is hailing this as an investment in the city's future, another faction is calling it the worst financial decision the city could possibly have made at this time.
The debate began with Mayor Steve Black leaving the mayor's chair because he wanted to enter the debate.
Coun. Walter Wawrzaszek sat in as deputy mayor to chair the meeting.
Black said he wanted to amend the proposed bylaw to support the Northern College new emergency services building by having the city contribute $2 million to the capital fund for the new facility. This would include the creation of a new local fire hall for the Whitney volunteer fire brigade.
“This project has been on the go for approximately 10 to 15 years in the works and the long-time hinge has always been whether or not the college received their funding,” said Black.
He said this recently came about when the college received $11 million from the senior governments, $5.5 million from Ontario and $5.5 million from the federal government.
Black said his amendment was not to dispute that Timmins should contribute an additional $2 million to the project, but that the Timmins contribution should be capped at $2 million and not a dollar more.
The deal would see the city get into a lease agreement with the college for 99 years at $2 per year for the fire hall.
Black said right up front that from the business case point of view, “this is not the most advantageous move for the City of Timmins, to move forward with.”
Black also spoke to the notion that the city should be run like a business.
“All I can say is that the City of Timmins does not run like a business,” said the mayor.
He said if that was the case, the city would not be supporting McIntyre Arena, which runs at a loss of more than $600,000 a year; it would not support the Sportsplex pool which he said runs at a loss of more than $500,000 a year, or Timmins Transit which the city subsidizes at more than $1 million a year.
Black said supporting the college and local education is still a core value even though it is outside the city's realm of responsibility.
As an example, Black cited the city's contribution to the hospital, which is not a business decision, but is still good for the community, he said.
Coun. Pat Bamford, a supporter of the college project, wondered what would happen if the cost estimate came back at 2.1 million for the new fire hall. He asked if the city would try to negotiate a better deal, or would the city just walk away.
Black said the extra cost would have to be picked up by the college. He added that if the city does choose to walk away, the city would not be on the hook for the $250,000 penalty costs if the city chooses to quit the project.
Before in-depth discussion began, Black called for a vote on the amendment to have the city's contribution capped at $2 million. There was opposition to that from councillors Rick Dubeau and Joe Campbell who said the city should not be voting on any such amendment and nor should council even consider the question of $2 million in support of the college.
In what could have been an omen of things to come, the amendment passed. The opposition by Campbell and Dubeau was ignored.
As formal discussion began, Coun. Campbell said he was disappointed that council was even considering the $2-million capital contribution because he said spending money on the college is the job of the province, not the city.
Campbell said he was “led to believe” the overall project would cost more than $13 million and that there were geo-technical ground problems at the site. Campbell asked if anyone could confirm it.
Chief Administrative Officer David Landers said he could not confirm the information, nor had he heard any mention of such information.
At another point in the meeting, Campbell spoke of an email he received from city treasurer Jim Howie in which Howie was asked to comment on the proposal.
“The proposal does not make any financial sense from the city's perspective,” Howie wrote in his response, said Campbell.
“I admire the treasurer for giving us this response,” said Campbell, who added city department heads are usually reluctant to go out on a limb.
Campbell added that the cost estimate for currently running the Whitney fire hall is $12,000 to $20,000 per year. He said the cost of running the new hall would be more, because the city has to borrow the money. Campbell said it would be $138,000 a year for 20 years.
“This is a terrible deal,” said Campbell.
He asked the fire chief to respond to a couple of comments he made.
At that point Fire Chief Mike Pintar said he would be offering his opinion, and added that the prospect of re-locating the Whitney fire station is a great thing for Northern College and the students, but that's it.
Pintar said relocating the station is not a priority and there are far more important ways to spend the money than contributing $2 million to the college.
Pintar also broached the subject of how close the firefighters live to the existing station, saying most volunteers live close to the current hall, as compared to those living close to the new station at Northern College. He said the new station would be 2.5 kilometres away from the existing station and this would create delays in response times. He said the response could be up to four minutes longer.
Less than five minutes after Pintar began speaking, he was interrupted.
“Chief Pintar if I may interrupt you,” said deputy mayor Wawrzaszek.
“Are you going to answer Coun. Campbell's questions or are you going to act as a councillor?” Wawrzaszek asked.
“Well, he is asking my opinion,” Pintar responded, referring to Campbell.
Campbell then said he believed what the chief was saying was important and he should not be interrupted.
Wawrzaszek suggested Pintar could “wrap it up” with his answers.
Coun. Rick Dubeau entered the discussion saying it didn't make any sense to cut off the chief.
“Coun. Dubeau, I am just telling him what to do.” Wawrzaszek responded.
“No, you're out of order,” said Dubeau, getting louder.
“He can finish what he wants to finish, OK,” said Wawrzaszek.
“He was asked his opinion of the project,” Dubeau responded. “This is the fire chief. He has experience, knowledge and training. You don't want to listen to what he has to say?”
“I didn't say that,” said Wawrzaszek.
“Holy shit!” said Dubeau.
“Point of order,” said Black.
“I apologize, I apologize,” said Dubeau.
Pintar concluded that his main concern is that the fire hall should stay in Porcupine because that's where most of the emergency calls are.
As discussion continued, Coun. Noella Rinaldo said she had heard all the arguments in favour of the Northern College proposal, but said he had to swing her vote toward the concerns raised by both Campbell and Dubeau.
“I will be voting against it this evening and I really hope this is the right decision I have made,” said Rinaldo.
Coun. Bamford said he was going to vote for the Northern College fire hall proposal and said he had been assured by Whitney district fire chief Brian Nankervis that his department was in support of the college proposal. He also said that on the issue of response times for volunteer firefighters driving from home, the difference would be roughly the same for both locations.
“The driving distance from the homes of these firefighters to either location, the difference is virtually nil,” said Bamford.
He said this was based on travel times extensively tested by Nankervis.
Coun. Andrew Marks, a Northern College grad, said he saw the proposal as a good thing for the college and a good thing for fire safety in the city's East End.
Marks said he was pleased to make a decision that would be for the long term good of the city.
“It has been 17 years that councils have been discussing this,” said Marks.
He also reminded councillors to learn to respect each other's opinions, different though they might be.
Coun. Mike Doody said he wasn't always pleased to be voting against the fire chief, but said he has made his share of tough decisions.
“It's easy to be against something,” said Doody. “I found that out a long time ago. Sometimes it's tougher to be for something and make it work.”
At this point it was clear there were four yes votes in the room, in favour of the college project. Black, Bamford, Doody and Marks had spoken in support of spending the $2 million.
All eyes turned toward new councillor Veronica Farrell who said she had spent a considerable amount of time in recent days doing research, talking to people and gathering information.
She turned toward a gathering a South Porcupine volunteer firefighters sitting in the gallery.
“If this goes through, eventually, I don't know when, two years, four years, 10 years — eventually you will go to the new place. It is going to happen. Because your building is going to start to have problems,” said Farrell.
She added that the new location is a decision of council, not the volunteer firefighters.
“That's how I look at it. We are not told what to do,” said Farrell. She said council listens to as many viewpoints as possible and then makes a decision in the best interests of as many people as possible.
When the vote was called, four councillors — Campbell, Dubeau, Rinaldo and Wawrzaszek — voted against the proposal. Those in favour were Black, Bamford, Doody, Marks and Farrell. The $2 million donation to the college was approved.
A shark was spotted at Moore Park Beach today.
A shark was spotted at Moore Park Beach today. Ashley Clark
A BUNDABERG beach has been closed by lifeguards after a shark was spotted.
Surf Life Saving Queensland posted to twitter today that a shark was spotted at Moore Park Beach.
Ashley Clark
"Lifeguards have closed Moore Park Beach near Bundaberg due to a confirmed shark sighting,” the post read.
"Stay out of the water.”
The message was posted about an hour ago.
The NewsMail is in communication with Surf Life Saving Queensland for further details.
Lifesavers at Bundaberg Surf Life Saving Club closed the beach at Nielson Park temporarily on November 18 after a confirmed shark sighting.
It was reopened again after a thorough search for the shark.
More to come.
Oi! John Farnham is headed your way for A Day on the Green. Picture: A Day On The Green
Oi! John Farnham is headed your way for A Day on the Green. Picture: A Day On The Green
JOHN Farnham is keeping everyone happy after turning 69 last weekend.
The iconic singer will headline a string of A Day on the Green shows in December.
With a set based around his classic Whispering Jack album, Farnham will play at A Day on the Green shows at Leconfield Wines McLaren Vale South Australia on November 24, Bimbadgen in Hunter Valley in New South Wales on December 1, Sirroment Wines Mt Cotton Queensland on December 2 and Rochford Wines in Victoria's Yarra Valley on December 8.
Tickets go on sale 10am Friday July 13 from Ticketmaster.
STORY BEHIND JOHN FARNHAM'S AGE OF REASON
HOW JOHN FARNHAM BECAME THE VOICE
Bachelor Girl's Tania Doko and James Roche. Picture: Jonathan Ng
"I already do most of the songs from Whispering Jack, but there are a couple of fillers we might skip!," Farnham joked. "And obviously there'll be all the other songs people want to hear."
The Day on the Green line-up will also feature Daryl Braithwaite, Russell Morris and Bachelor Girl.
"It's so good people are embracing Australian music on these bills," Farnham said. "I've done a few shows with Daryl, The Horses is his You're the Voice. Everyone knows it. I'll be backstage waiting to go on and I can hear everyone roaring along to The Horses. Good on him."
Richard Marx loves Farnsey. Picture: Norm Oorloff
Daryl Braithwaite is pumped. Picture: Luke Bowden
Joining the local acts will be US singer - and Farnham fanboy - Richard Marx.
Marx has written songs for Farnham and performed with him on the 1994 ARIA Awards.
"I know Richard quite well, I've had a few beers with him in the past," Farnham said. "Doing a song with him on these shows is something I could embrace, we'll see."
It's the third summer in a row Farnham is doing outdoor shows around Australia.
"I get a bit more gregarious when I'm working outside. It's a whole different feel, I jump up and down like a 20 year old."
Farnham will be surrounded by 20 years old when he is the special guest on Melbourne duo Client Liaison's travelling Expo Festival in August, scheduled to play three songs including You're the Voice and Age of Reason - the latter was released 30 years ago this week. The duo have sung with Tina Arena and Daryl Braithwaite in the past.
"I wasn't overly aware of them so I did some research on the internet and they're kind of quirky which I like. They're into that 80s fashion, so it'll bring back my youth!"
Client Liaison's Expo Liaison hits Flemington Racecourse on August 18, Perth's Claremont Oval on August 19, Parramatta Park Sydney on August 25 and Brisbane's Victoria Park on August 26.
Farnham said he had a quiet 69th birthday last Sunday.
"I didn't do a bloody thing, just a barbie and some beers. I'm saving myself for the next one when I turn 70. Jesus!"
A U.S. Air Force F-16 fighter jet, bottom, lands at the Osan U.S. Air Base in Pyeongtaek, South Korea, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. At a potentially pivotal moment of diplomacy with North Korea, the Pentagon said Monday that annual U.S.-South Korean military exercises that had been postponed for the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics will begin April 1. Yonhap via AP Hong Gi-won
LISTED property developer Century Properties Inc. (CPGI) said on Monday it is programming capital expenditure of P6 billion for this year to expand its condominium projects and leasing assets even as its profit dropped last year because of fewer projects launched.
In a disclosure to the Philippine Stock Exchange (PSE), CPGI said its total revenues dropped to P7.38 billion last year from P10.38 billion recorded in 2015 while real estate sales amounted to P4.97 billion from P7.75 billion in the previous year.
Net income for 2016 was at P726.93 million, about half the P1.53 billion profit that was reported for the previous year.
“For 2017, we plan to spend around P5 billion in our condominium projects and an additional P1 billion in leasing assets. We are also looking to start deploying capital for our affordable and tourism business later this year,” CPGI's Investor Relations Group head Kristina Garcia said.
“Our focus—on turning over and completing our high-rise projects in Century City Makati, Azure Urban Resort Residences in Parañaque, Acqua Private Residences in Mandaluyong and the Residences at Commonwealth, Quezon City—is paying dividends, as evidenced by our cash balance of P3.34 billion as of year-end 2016. We turned cash flow positive from operations in 2016, and we envision this trend to continue in 2017. This places us in a stronger position to pursue diversification strategies,” she added.
CPGI said it remains optimistic about the prospects of the real estate industry and the general economy.
“While it continues to do in-city developments, it will likewise expand outside Metro Manila for affordable housing and leisure and tourism projects. The former is the company's response to the country's backlog of housing units, conservatively estimated at 3.5 million. The latter is to cater to the increasing number of foreign tourists and retirees into the country, as well as local tourists given rising disposable incomes,” the company added.
On April 1, CPGI launched its PHirst Park Homes project, in partnership with one of Japan's largest conglomerates, Mitsubishi Corp. It is the company's first affordable housing category that will cater to first-time homebuyers.
It is also set to unveil a series of housing communities in the second quarter of 2017 with a 26-hectare community in Tanza, Cavite and is scheduled to launch its first major leisure and tourism project in the latter part of 2017.
From 33 launched buildings with gross floor area totaling 1.43 million square meters, CPG has already completed 16 buildings with a gross floor area of 792,000 square meters as of year-end 2016.
Incorporated in 1975, CPG is involved in the high-end real estate business through its subsidiaries Century City Development Corp., Century Limitless Corp., Century Communities Corp. and Century Properties Management, among others.
The Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi, who these days are busy in campaigning for the party in Gujarat, will be declared president of the party on Monday. He will take reins of the grand old party from the hands of his mother Sonia Gandhi.Interestingly, Sonia Gandhi is the longest serving president of the Congress party. She took over as the party president in the year 1998.The chairperson of the Indian Youth Congress and the National Students Union of India, Rahul Gandhi will have to face mammoth tasks, from day one, after becoming the president.
First and foremost will be to prepare the party for 2019 General Elections. Congress desperately has to perform well in 2019 if it wants to hold political ground in the country.
It may be recalled that in 2014 General Elections Congress party got only 44 seats and BJP 282.Theresponsibility will be to play an active role in the formation of grand alliance (mahagatbandhan), if something like this comes to existence at the national level.In Bihar, grand alliance already took form (to keep BJP away from power) and now something like this may be tested on national level. Being a major party, the Congress in general and Rahul Gandhi in particular will have to play a major role.Thechallenge which Rahul Gandh may face, after becoming the president, is rebellion from within the party. Recently, Maharashtra Congress activist Shehzad Poonawalla questioned Rahul Gandhi's elevation.Poonawalla took to Twitter to say that the election was just 'meant for princes,' in an attack at Rahul Gandhi. "Better call it coronation of 'shehzada' which no Shehzad can question," he said on the micro-blogging website.
Last but not the least, before the 2019 General Elections, there are eight state legislative assembly elections in 2018. And in each of them, Rahul Gandhi has to put his every effort possible to turn the fortune of his party. Important states are Rajasthan, Chattissgarh and Madhya Pradesh which are presently ruled by BJP and Rahul Gandhi has to work really hard to make his party win in these states.
Author is an Associate Producer in ABP News Network Pvt Ltd and tweets at @AnuragSason
North-east states like Mizoram, Nagaland and Tripura will also witness ballot in 2018. And it will be the responsibility of Gandhi to make his party position strong in these states too.Winning in these elections or at least performing well will make it easy for Congress to perform strongly in 2019 General Elections.The boldly Rahul Gandhi will face these hurdles, the better it will be for him and his party Congress.Disclaimer: The views expressed by the author are personal and do not reflect the opinions, beliefs and views of ABP News Network Pvt Ltd.
Above, Nearly 600 Students and staff of SUNY Oneonta gathered in the Hunt Union Ballroom this evening for a tearful Memorial Service for Daniel William Michaels, 18, who passed away in the early morning hours of Dec. 3rd. At right, friends of Daniel find in each other as they look at his photo at the close of the evening. Pastor Peter Derway of Catholic Campus Ministries led the memorial that included readings from friends and fraternity brothers. “He will always be in each of us.” said Derway, “If you look around you can still see signs of him, and it's okay to acknowledge he is still around.” Following the service, students wrote memories and condolences that were collected in a large cross to be given to the family at a later date. To date, more that $17,000 has been raised for a scholarship in his name. (Ian Austin/AllOTSEGO.com)
0 0 0 SHARE: News of Cooperstown, Oneonta, and Otsego County, NY.
At the scene where a suspected far-right extremist mowed down anti-fascist protesters in Charlottesville, Anna Quillom spent the day laying dozens of carnations along the street.
"I grew up here but this doesn't feel like my home anymore. The lid's come off it," said Quillom, 36, who runs wine tours in the historic college town.
Welling up with tears, she added: "It was the best place in the world, inclusive, everyone cares about each other. Why are these Nazis able to come into our city?"
Nearby, at a makeshift memorial, a sign read: "No Place For Hate!"
Advertisement
A red shoe, lost by one of the victims, had been stuffed with roses.
Charlottesville, a town of 47,000 with a university very much at its heart, was shattered by the weekend's events when hundreds of extremists descended and violence erupted.
In the street, dotted with book and antique shops, people appeared stunned.
Questions abounded.
Had President Donald Trump helped foster an atmosphere that has led to their home becoming the new ground zero in America's race war?
Why were groups that once operated in the shadows, now connected across America by social media, becoming increasingly emboldened to launch public displays of hate?
In Charlottesville, where the council is seeking to remove a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee, they have found a cause célèbre.
Fascists, nationalists, anti-Semites and Hitler enthusiasts marched openly in the streets shouting the Nazi slogan "Blood and Soil" and displaying the kind of insignia normally locked secretly in extremists' basements.
After they left, an elderly woman cried as she tried to clean detritus from the red-brick pavement.
"We need to look at the 25th Amendment again," she whispered, referring to the US Constitution's provision for removing a president "unable to discharge the duties of his office".
She said: "This is the summer of madness in the White House."
Unite the Right rally organiser Jason Kessler is escorted by police after his press conference was disrupted by protesters today outside City Hall in Charlottesville. Photo / AP Unite the Right rally organiser Jason Kessler is escorted by police after his press conference was disrupted by protesters today outside City Hall in Charlottesville. Photo / AP
It was on a blistering hot afternoon that the driver of a silver Dodge sports car sped down Charlottesville's narrow 4th Street, past a fine cigar shop, a spa, and a record store before crashing into two stationary cars.
Anti-fascist protesters were sent flying into the air. One woman died and 19 other people were injured.
Moments afterwards people were seen desperately running away, screaming and crying. One shouted: "It's a terrorist attack!"
On 4th Street several people lay injured at the edge of the road, including a young woman with a head wound.
Amid chaotic scenes police arrived in an armoured car.
"Why are you bringing guns? We need ambulances," one man shouted angrily. The ambulances arrived and numerous people were taken away on stretchers.
Governor of Virginia tells white supremacists to 'go home' in stark contrast to Donald Trump's comments https://t.co/YZxPKvA6JG — The Independent (@Independent) August 14, 2017
Witnesses estimated the driver was doing 65km/h and "hit at least 20 people". Several said they believed he acted intentionally.
They also described seeing a woman pinned between two vehicles. The driver reversed away at speed but was arrested nearby.
The arrested man was James Alex Fields from Ohio. He had been pictured earlier marching with a shield handed out by the far-right group Vanguard America. The group later issued a statement saying he was not one of their members.
It emerged Fields, who has been charged with murder, had dropped off his cat with his mother, Samantha Bloom, before attending the rally.
Bloom said: "I thought it [the rally] had something to do with Trump. Trump's not a white supremacist".
Mike Signer, Charlottesville's Mayor, said Trump should "look at himself in the mirror".
He added: "He should think very deeply about who he consorted with in his campaign, and the forces they chose to work with in their quest for political advancement.
"I hope he turns the page and works to quell the forces of division and this outbreak of virtual terror, and actual terror, we saw here in our city."
Not for the first time, it's the cartoonists who are the most withering on #Trump & #Charlotesville (via @thetimes) pic.twitter.com/9ScJyeUpc5 — Jon Williams (@WilliamsJon) August 14, 2017
The immediate reason for Charlottesville's newly found, and unwanted, infamy is a short walk from 4th Street.
In a small square opposite a red brick church stands the imposing statue of General Lee, seated atop his horse, Traveller.
It has dominated the square since 1924.
The area used to be called Lee Park, named in his honour, but in June the city council voted to change that to Emancipation Park.
Yesterday it was the scene of what is now known as the "Battle of Charlottesville", as hundreds of far-right activists, some of them armed with assault rifles, gathered for a "Unite the Right" rally.
The only reason for an American to hold a Nazi flag is if it has been captured in battle. pic.twitter.com/g44h8PSZyd — Senor O (@TKOastIsBack) August 12, 2017
It was intended as a protest against another vote by the council in February to remove the statue, a decision that has gone to the courts.
Appearing openly at the rally, flanked by a security team clad all in white, David Duke, the former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard, said: "We are going to fulfil the promises of Donald Trump. That's what we believed in, that's why we voted for Donald Trump. Because he said he's going to take our country back."
Jason Kessler, the organiser of to Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville, later had to be escorted away by police as he attempted to hold a press conference near City Hall.
Kessler, a blogger based in Charlottesville, was smartly dressed in a suit jacket and open-necked shirt.
He was drowned out by chants including: "You're wearing the wrong hood," a reference to the Ku Klux Klan. Police then helped him away from the raucous scene.
Analysis: Trump won't condemn white supremacy because he has no appreciation for America's history https://t.co/qxcAHse4uz via @POLITICOMag pic.twitter.com/yJa4G8cgxu — POLITICO (@politico) August 14, 2017
Other white nationalists sought to defend their views.
Peter Cvjetanovic, 20, a history and politics under-graduate at the University of Reno in Nevada, said: "I came to this march for the message that white European culture has a right to be here just like every other culture.
"It is not perfect. There are flaws to it, of course. However, I do believe that the replacement of the statue will be the slow replacement of white heritage within the United States. Robert E Lee wasn't a perfect man, but I want to honour and respect what he stood for during his time."
A photograph of Cvjetanovic holding a torch and shouting became symbolic of the hatred shown at the event. But he said: "I'm not the angry racist they see in that photo. White nationalists aren't all hateful. We just want to preserve what we have."
The rally was supposed to start at noon local time, but an hour before that it descended into chaos. Neo-Nazis and counter-protesters fought running battles as riot police tried to intervene. Bottles full of paint flew and homemade pepper spray filled the air.
Organisers of the rally issued an order to "evacuate" and the extremists began leaving Charlottesville. In a side street, a group of seven neo-Nazis tried to cram themselves, and a giant flagpole, into a small family vehicle. A comic scene unfolded as they feverishly tried various combinations before two ended up in the boot. As they sped off one of the men raised a hand in what was either a Nazi salute or an apology for the delay. It was hard to tell.
Brenda Diaz-Castro, holds a sign during a candlelight vigil on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Harrisonburg, Virginia. The vigil was held for the victims of the violence in Charlottesville. Photo / AP Brenda Diaz-Castro, holds a sign during a candlelight vigil on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Harrisonburg, Virginia. The vigil was held for the victims of the violence in Charlottesville. Photo / AP
Similar scenes unfolded across the town. In a car park a far-right demonstrator was assailed by a crowd as he tried to get in his car, while militiamen in fatigues, brandishing heavy weaponry and a Confederate flag, looked on.
Protesters chanted "F*** Trump" and "We don't want you here", while the far-right demonstrator shouted: "This is my country."
The day after the melee, the steps leading into Emancipation Park were still covered in purple paint and General Lee was surrounded by crash barriers. Nazi slogans scrawled in crayon on a pathway nearby were already fading, but the name "Robert E Lee" and the large numerals "1488" - a white power symbol - remained.
Residents steered clear of the park apart from one elderly woman who stood at the edge, her arms folded, staring at the statue.
"I'm sick of that statue," she said. "Who cares about a statue? I don't."
Nearby, Merle Robertson, 88, was on her way to her Episcopalian church. "I'm just so disgusted." she said. "I watched it on TV and I was mesmerised to think this was happening in our little town, all this horrible stuff. It's a nice quiet little place, that's why it's so heartbreaking."
Kessler has vowed to "have bigger and bigger events in Charlottesville".
Screen Shot 2017-06-14 at 11.39.46 AM
Contact
Lauren Hills
The Buzz Agency
***@thebuzzagency.net Lauren HillsThe Buzz Agency
End
-- According to the American Hair Loss Association®, 85% of men over the age of 50 will experience significant hair loss. So, to kick off National Men's Health Week, which begins June 12, Hair Club, the leading provider of proven hair loss solutions across North America, is sharing four facts every man should know about hair loss and how they can treat it.Androgenetic alopecia, also known as male pattern baldness, is the cause for over 95% of all men's hair loss. By age 35, two-thirds of American men will see noticeable hair loss. Some men may even begin losing their hair in their late teens or early twenties. Hair loss can also be the result of illness, surgical procedures, stress, or a change in hormone levels, among other factors.While the main cause of alopecia, or hair loss, is male pattern baldness, other types of hair loss conditions can occur, including alopecia areata, alopecia totalis and telogen effluvium. For more information about these and other hair loss conditions, view Hair Club's website.3.Everyone experiences at least some hair loss in their lifetime, but male pattern baldness is a genetic condition that cannot be prevented. There is no "cure", but Hair Club offers proven solutions that have worked for hundreds of thousands of men for the past 40+ years.Hair Club's proven hair loss solutions include non-surgical and surgical* options, as well as a range of exclusive products and services.Exclusive to Hair Club, Xtrands® is a non-invasive, volumizing solution that adds fullness and density to thinning hair. Xtrands is ideal for men in the earlier stages of hair loss.Xtrands is not an adhesive attachment and will not cover up your existing hair. Instead, multiple strands of precision hair are locked onto your individual, growing "host" hairs near the root. Precision hair is bound together in groupings of 2-4 strands and will separate when shampooed, allowing for an immediate increase in density.Xtrands+® offers men with moderate to advanced hair loss the opportunity to dramatically transform their appearance. Recreate the look and feel of your own hair regardless of age, hair texture or level of hair loss. For over four decades, thousands of clients across North America have taken advantage of this proven solution to restore their hair. Faster and less expensive than surgery, men can get the look they want in as little as four weeks.FUT is a surgical hair restoration technique that gives clients permanent results. The technique includes extracting a strip of skin containing multiple follicular units from the client's donor area, usually at the back of the head. The strip is then dissected into individual follicular units, or grafts, for transplantation to thinning areas. This outpatient procedure is performed by the affiliated physicians at Bosley Medical Group.Follicular unit extraction (FUE) is an advanced surgical hair restoration technique that provides permanent results. The procedure involves extracting one hair follicle at a time and is less invasive than more traditional hair restoration surgeries. This outpatient procedure is performed by the affiliated physicians at Bosley Medical Group.If you're in the early stages of hair loss, EXT® may be the perfect solution for you. EXT is a combination of at-home products and in-center services that improve the look and feel of your hair. The program includes FDA-approved minoxidil, which is clinically proven to slow the progression of hair loss and regrow some hair. EXT includes digital progress tracking using the latest technology and exclusive salon services like relaxing scalp therapies to stimulate blood flow to the scalp.Hair Club is proud to offer cutting-edge, innovative laser technology to help eligible clients win the battle against hair loss. Low-level laser (light) therapy, also known as LLLT, stimulates cellular activity in the hair follicles to help slow or minimize certain types of hair loss. This advanced technology is safe, effective and easy to use."Hair loss is something that impacts men both physically and mentally," said Lee Zoppa, Vice President of Marketing and Advertising. "The key is to understand how and why hair loss happens, then find a customized solution that works."Founded in 1976, Hair Club is North America's number one provider of proven hair loss solutions. For more than forty years, Hair Club has helped hundreds of thousands restore their hair and transform their lives. Today, Hair Club has nearly 120 locations throughout the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Tokyo-based Aderans Co. Ltd., the world's leading provider of total hair loss solutions. Aderans brands in the U.S. include Bosley®, and Bosley Medical Group. *Professional hair transplantation services provided by the affiliated physicians of Bosley Medical Group. Please note that no procedures are performed at Bosley until the patient has been examined, diagnosed and accepted for treatment by a Bosley physician.
