LONDON May 3 British Prime Minister Theresa May on Wednesday accused European politicians and officials of seeking to affect the outcome of next month's national election.
Following are the key excerpts from May's statement outside Downing Street.
"I have just been to Buckingham Palace for an audience with Her Majesty The Queen to mark the dissolution of this Parliament.
"The 2015 Parliament is now at an end, and in 36 days the country will elect a new Government and choose the next Prime Minister. The choice you now face is all about the future.
"Whoever wins on 8 June will face one overriding task: to get the best possible deal for this United Kingdom from Brexit.
"And in the last few days, we have seen just how tough these talks are likely to be. Britain's negotiating position in Europe has been misrepresented in the continental press.
"The European Commission's negotiating stance has hardened. Threats against Britain have been issued by European politicians and officials.
"All of these acts have been deliberately timed to affect the result of the general election that will take place on 8 June.
"By contrast, I made clear in my letter to the President of the European Council invoking Article 50 last month that, in leaving the European Union, Britain means no harm to our friends and allies on the continent.
"We continue to believe that no deal is better for Britain than a bad deal. But we want a deal. We want a deep and special partnership with the European Union. And we want the EU to succeed.
"But the events of the last few days have shown that - whatever our wishes, and however reasonable the positions of Europe's other leaders - there are some in Brussels who do not want these talks to succeed. Who do not want Britain to prosper.
"So now more than ever we need to be led by a Prime Minister and a Government that is strong and stable. Because making Brexit a success is central to our national interest. And it is central to your own security and prosperity.
"Because while there is enormous opportunity for Britain as we leave the European Union, if we do not get this right, the consequences will be serious.
"And they will be felt by ordinary, working people across the country. This Brexit negotiation is central to everything.
"If we don't get the negotiation right, your economic security and prosperity will be put at risk and the opportunities you seek for your families will simply not happen.
"If we do not stand up and get this negotiation right we risk the secure and well-paid jobs we want for our children and our children's children too.
"If we don't get the negotiation right, if we let the bureaucrats of Brussels run over us, we will lose the chance to build a fairer society with real opportunity for all.
"The choice the country faces now is very simple. Because there are only two people who can possibly be Prime Minister after the 8th of June to negotiate Brexit. It is a choice between me – and Jeremy Corbyn.
"With me you will get strong and stable leadership, and an approach to Brexit that locks in economic growth, jobs for our children and strong finances for the NHS and the country's schools.
"Or you will get Jeremy Corbyn with a hung parliament and a coalition of chaos. Britain simply will not get the right Brexit deal if we have the drift and division of a hung parliament.
...
"Give me your backing to lead Britain. Give me your backing to speak for Britain. Give me your backing to fight for Britain. And give me your backing to deliver for Britain. (Reporting by Kylie MacLellan and William James, editing by Guy Faulconbridge and Estelle Shirbon)
The latest update from the National Hurricane Center has the storm's forecast cone shifting slightly east. (Photo Source: WLOX)
Storm shelters on the coast are preparing to open as emergency management officials plan for the potential impact of Nate.
Five shelters in Harrison County will open sometime Saturday:
D'Iberville High School
Saucier Lizana Shelter
County Farm Shelter
Lobouy Rd. Shelter
West Harrison High School
Three shelters in Jackson County will open at 8 a.m. Saturday:
Central Jackson County Shelter; 5500 Ballpark Rd., Vancleave (Pet shelter near Vancleave shelter)
West Jackson County Shelter; 13000 Walker Rd., St. Martin
East Jackson County Shelter; 18413 Hwy. 613, Hurley
Two shelters in George County will open a 4 p.m. Saturday.
Benndale Storm Shelter; 5207 Hwy. 26
Agricola Storm Shelter; 3161 Cooks Corner Rd.
Anyone seeking shelter at these locations should bring prescription medication, eyeglasses, sleeping gear, baby/infant items, and a change of clothes. Pets will not be allowed.
We're told shelters in Harrison and Jackson counties will also be opening. Those locations will be announced Saturday.
The cities of Biloxi and Pass Christian have issued mandatory evacuations of their harbors.
We will update this list as shelters continue to open ahead of the storm.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All Rights Reserved.
Australian PM mocks Trump over "Russian guy" at media party
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to his ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
Poland and the European Union have been at loggerheads over the country's judiciary legislation since late 2017, with the bloc threatening to introduce sanctions against Warsaw and suspend some of its rights as an EU member.
European Union member states have the right to shape their judiciaries according to their own traditions, Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki told the European Parliament on Wednesday, refuting the bloc's criticism of its court reforms.
The prime minister's statement comes two days after the EU launched a legal action against Poland over its Supreme Court legislation. According to the bloc, the changes will undermine the judicial independence in Poland and thus run counter to the EU law.
Now Poland has a month to respond to the EU's announcement or the dispute will be settled by the the European Court of Justice.
In December 2017, the European Commission triggered Article 7 of the Lisbon Treaty over "systemic threats" to the rule of law posed by Poland's controversial judiciary legislation. Eventually, this procedure is paving the way for sanctions against Poland and suspending some of its rights as an EU member.
DETAILS TO FOLLOW
Recent news:
Allstate embarks on $300mn share repurchase
Bernard Goyder 12 December 2017
Allstate has embarked on its latest round of share buy-backs, enlisting Morgan Stanley to scoop up $300mn-worth of shares by 8 February.
The share buybacks form part of a $2bn buy-back announced by the insurer on 1 August.
So far, Allstate has bought back $477mn worth of equity from investors, making up 5.1mn shares.
Allstate said on 1 August that the $2bn repurchase program will conclude by February 2019...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
Police are warning drivers in Moore to lock their car doors when they are parked and to be on the lookout for a woman attempting to break into cars in the area.
Last week the Moore Police Department reported that about 180 unlocked cars were broken into and in those cases 16 guns were reported stolen from inside the vehicles.
In the latest footage released by Moore Police, a woman can be seen looking for unlocked cars in the Rock Creek neighborhood. The woman's attempted burglaries were caught on camera around 2 a.m. on Monday morning.
Police have not yet identified the woman.
Surf lifesavers in South Australia want greater powers to close dangerous beaches, after the third death in less than two years at a breakwater off Adelaide.
A 15-year-old Indian girl went missing off Glenelg on Sunday night and rescuers found her body on Monday morning.
It comes after two boys drowned at the same spot on New Year's Day last year.
The breakwater creates an "unnatural" movement in the water, swirling and causing currents, Surf Life Saving acting emergency operations manager Ben Laurenson said.
"In South Australia, the surf lifesavers don't have the authority to close the beach but if that's something that the state government would be looking at, we will certainly welcome it," he said.
But he'd prefer swimmers avoided the northern end of the popular city beach altogether.
"History's shown that it is a dangerous area of the beach," Mr Laurenson said.
The Indian girl, in Adelaide to play football at the Pacific School Games, was with four other girls at Holdfast Marina at Glenelg on Sunday evening when they all got into trouble.
The other girls were rescued quickly with two 17-year-olds taken to the Flinders Medical Centre, one in a critical condition and the other stable.
Another 17-year-old was taken to the Royal Adelaide Hospital in a serious but stable condition and a 12-year-old was admitted to the Women's and Children's Hospital in a stable condition.
All the girls were in Adelaide for the week-long games which involved about 4000 school children from 15 countries competing in 11 sports.
Indian consular officials have travelled from Sydney to Adelaide to provide support for the group.
× Committee working to improve safety around Seattle's King County courthouse
SEATTLE – Reports of assaults, robberies even gunfire around the King County courthouse not only worries public employees, but also members of the public serving jury duty.
The King County Council is working to figure out ways to make sure people who are required to visit the county seat feel safe.
Q13 News reported the problems beginning last July, the county council says they have made some improvements.
Crews are now power washing human waste three times a week, towing illegally parked cars and the campers inside the courthouse adjacent park were removed.
But some who have to work at the courthouse say officials are still not managing the root cause of these problems – drug abuse and homelessness.
“It's the last time I'm going to come here,” said Maria Dominguez.
Dominguez and her family say having to come to the county courthouse in Seattle is a chore they would rather avoid.
And the problems aren't hard to spot – the smell of human waste lingers in the warming spring air. Plus, it only takes a few moments to find a spent and exposed needle nearby.
The last time the family was here Maria says someone tried breaking into her car.
“I just said, what are you guy's doing? And they started running and it was scary,” she said.
Those are just some of the problems that remain a focus for King County judges and the county council.
“This is a citadel of justice,” said Seattle Police Department Captain Tom Mahaffey. “People need to feel safe coming and going from here.”
During Tuesday's hearing, a committee heard from judges and law enforcement – some saying a portion of the 18,000 jurors who are required to show up to the courthouse each year refuse to come, fearing for their safety.
“If people don't feel safe coming and going from here the streetscape is threatening the people then we still have work to do,” said Mahaffey.
Since 2017 the county also built a reporting system for employees and jurors to document incidents that don't rise to the level of a crime. Some are asking officials to install brighter lighting and even plan events at the park next door to discourage people from behaving badly.
Officials are also considering spending a couple hundred thousand dollars on bullet resistant windows – and possibly opening a second secured entryway into the courthouse for jurors and staff.
LEVI'S
Every back-to-school haul requires a new pair of jeans. This pair works for class and nights out.
Buy It! Levi's 501 Selvedge Skinny Jean in Summer Dune, $148; levi.com
Student Discount: 25 percent off when you register at levi.com
Jeep has failed to take the lead on its mid-sized SUV by not having autonomous emergency braking fitted to its new Compass range.
That's not a good look when key competitors — including the cheaper Nissan Qashqai and more expensive Volkswagen Tiguan — have the potentially lifesaving technology as standard.
The Compass starts at $27,850 for the Sport variant before on-road costs with a six-speed manual gearbox matched to the company's 2.4-litre four-cylinder engine, which is good for 129kW/229Nm.
Camera Icon Hardcore: Jeep's Trailhawk Compass. Pic: Supplied. Picture: Supplied
That compares to the base Volkswagen Tiguan at $31,990 and the Nissan Qashqai at $25,990. AEB is an option on the two top-spec Compass variants — at a $2450 premium.
The adoption of AEB is a priority for Australian crash-test authorities and Jeep Australia spokeswoman Lucy McLellan says the absence of AEB will be rectified if customer demand dictates it needs to be fitted.
“The Compass specification was decided 18 months ago,” McLellan says.
“We have the capacity to change that if we determine Australian buyers want it.”
Camera Icon Australian Compass models will be built in India. Pic: Supplied. Picture: Supplied
Aussie-spec Compasses will be built in India and the model's chief engineer Audrey Moore says almost 26 million kilometres were racked up to ensure the variants built in all four plants around the world were identical in terms of fit and finish.
“There is no difference between a car built in Mexico and a car built in India — that was part of the brief,” she notes.
Most buyers will turn to the base Compass equipped with a six-speed auto transmission for $30,750 — $2900 more than the manual.
The Compass Sport includes seven airbags, digital radio, a five-inch touchscreen, digital driver's display and leather steering wheel.
Camera Icon The range starts at $27,850 and tops out at $44,750. Pic: Supplied. Picture: Supplied
Moving up to the auto-transmission Longitude at $33,750 adds the likes of auto wipers and headlamps, roof rails and privacy glass. A $2150 option pack includes an 8.4-inch touchscreen with satnav, smartphone mirroring and dual-zone aircon.
The top end of town is where the Jeep performs best. The Compass Limited starts at $41,250 with the 129kW/229Nm petrol engine or $43,750 with a 2.0-litre diesel turbo good for 125kW/350Nm.
Default equipment includes Jeep's four-wheel drive software, 18-inch alloys, a nine-speaker Beats Audio stereo, seven-inch full colour driver's display, powered front seats, front and rear parking sensors and park assist. An optional $2450 pack adds adaptive cruise control, blind-spot and lane-departure warning, rear cross-traffic assist and auto high beam.
Camera Icon A $2450 option pack adds a host of driver assist tech. Pic: Supplied. Picture: Supplied
The off-road focused Trailhawk costs $44,750 before on-roads and features a nine-speed auto transmission matched to the diesel engine, along with low-range off-road gearing, skid plates, 25mm higher suspension to cater for bush-bashing, recovery hooks in case it goes pear-shaped and a full-sized spare wheel.
Jeep says it benchmarked everything from the Tiguan to the Hyundai Tucson and is confident its car matches them for dynamics and performance while holding a big edge in off-road ability.
The Compass arrives early next year and the proof the pudding will be in the local drive but buyers will dictate if — and how quickly — Jeep adapts to demand for AEB.
President Donald Trump questioned Disney CEO Bob Iger on Wednesday for personally calling Valerie Jarrett to apologize for a tweet from former ABC television star Roseanne Barr.
“Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that ‘ABC does not tolerate comments like those' made by Roseanne Barr,” Trump wrote on Twitter. “Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?”
Iger moved quickly to control the fallout from Barr's comments, canceling the show and apologizing to Jarrett in response to a public uproar.
“There was only one thing to do here and that was the right thing,” he said after issuing the decision.
Trump supporters compared Iger's response to similar controversies, such as when ABC News reporter Brian Ross reported false information about the Russia investigation or when The View co-host Joy Behar criticized Vice President Mike Pence as “mentally ill” because he was a Christian. Additionally, ABC late-night host Jimmy Kimmel has repeatedly attacked the president's wife Melania Trump.
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
COLLINGWOOD mature-age rookie Brody Mihocek will make his debut on Sunday against Fremantle.
After being drafted by the Pies in last year's rookie draft, the 25-year-old has been used at both ends in the VFL, but coach Nathan Buckley revealed that Mihocek will be used in attack.
“He'll play forward, he's played there the last couple of weeks and looked good,” Buckley confirmed.
LIVE Stream every match of every round of the 2018 Toyota AFL Premiership Season. SIGN UP NOW >
“He's been really good for us and it's exciting for him.”
Hailing from Tasmania, the 25-year-old was drafted out of the VFL, where he ranked elite in disposals, contested possessions and score involvements for Port Melbourne last year.
In Port's thrilling Grand Final win last year, Mihocek had 20 touches and seven marks as a standout performer.
“Young Brody has played behind the ball and in front of the ball, through a long VFL career,” Buckley said.
“I don't know exactly how many VFL games he played, but he might've been wondering whether he was ever going to get on a list, let alone get an opportunity to run out, it's a really good story for us.
“He's been first class since he's come in, very humble, unassuming and goes about his business really well and has been rewarded and we're really looking forward to him wearing the black and white stripes.”
LISTEN TO THE LATEST EPISODE OF THE FOX FOOTY PODCAST BELOW, OR TAP HERE TO SUBSCRIBE IN ITUNES
Mihocek's standout numbers in the VFL last year helped him catch the eye of the Collingwood recruiting staff, where he averaged 17.9 disposals and 7.4 marks.
The defender turned forward is coming off a 15 disposal, eight marks and two goal performance on the weekend against Footscray
Buckley was also noncommittal on whether 33-year-old Daniel Wells would return to the side, after being rested by the Magpies last week.
“He looks good,” Buckley said of Wells.
“We'll see how he pulls up from training today, but he has had a couple of good solid sessions, and he's available.”
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The reports from Atlantic Council research center and several human rights watchdogs accusing Russia and the Syrian government of various violations are groundless and mean to derail Syrian peace settlement, the spokeswoman for the Russian Foreign Ministry said Wednesday.
"We have registered attempts to add fuel to the fire of the Syrian conflict, to aggravate the disagreements between the conflicting parties. That is the only possible way to look at the disinformation spread by Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch and, finally, US-based Atlantic Council with the help of CNN about alleged cases of the Syrian Armed Forces using chemical weapons in Aleppo, mass executions in the Saydnaya military prison near Damascus, purposeful destruction of Syrian social and economic infrastructure by the Russian Aerospace Forces," Zakharova said.
© AFP 2016/ JM LOPEZ Russian MoD Slams HRW's 'Amateurish' Allegations Syrian Army Used Chemical Weapons
The sensational revelations lack proof, but that is of little importance to the authors, whose goal is to sabotage the possibility of a peaceful resolution of the Syrian conflict, Zakharova added.
On February 7, Amnesty International issued a report accusing the Syrian authorities of killing up to 13,000 people at the Saydnaya prison in five years. Syrian President Bashar Assad said in an interview with Yahoo News that the report was not true and based on allegations. Commenting on the paper, the Syrian Justice Ministry called the allegations made in the report illogical.
On Monday, Washington-based policy research center Atlantic Council issued a report, in which it claimed that Russian Defense Ministry provided "deceptive imagery" when denying reports of strikes on civilian targets.
On Tuesday, Russian Defense Ministry spokesman Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov said the ministry studied the report and found that all allegations against Russia included in it had been already refuted before.
The site, which calls itself “The World's Most Genocidal Republican Website,” registered its name with GoDaddy — but GoDaddy doesn't host the Daily Stormer's content.
Nevertheless, the company said it wants nothing to do with the site following a piece on Heather Heyer. Heyer died after a car rammed a crowd of counter-protesters gathered to oppose a “Unite the Right” rally of white nationalist and other right-wing groups.
“We have informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. If no action is taken after 24 hours, we will cancel the service,” GoDaddy spokesman Dan Race told CNN in a statement.
“Given their latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service.”
An article posted on the Daily Stormer called Heyer “fat and a drain on society.”
“Despite feigned outrage by the media, most people are glad she is dead, as she is the definition of uselessness,” the story said. “A 32-year-old woman without children is a burden on society and has no value.”
James Alex Fields Jr. is accused of running his Dodge Challenger into a crowd of people, killing Heyer and injuring at least 19 others.
Fields is being held on suspicion of second-degree murder, malicious wounding and failure to stop in an accident that resulted in death. It is unclear whether he has an attorney.
According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, “the Daily Stormer is dedicated to spreading anti-Semitism, neo-Nazism, and white nationalism, primarily through guttural hyperbole and epithet-laden stories about topics like alleged Jewish world control and black-on-white crime.”
The SPLC, which tracks hate groups, says the unapologetic hatred on the Daily Stormer — which also takes aim at African-Americans and opponents of President Donald Trump, for example — is a catalyst for division.
Among its readers were Charleston, South Carolina, church mass killer Dylann Roof and the murderer of Jo Cox, a British legislator.
A post on the website's homepage claimed that it had been taken over by hacktivist group Anonymous. However, most links to previous posts were still active, and a tweet from an account associated with Anonymous said it could not confirm that the group was involved.
CNN has reached out to the Daily Stormer for comment.
Founder praises Trump response
Andrew Anglin, the creator of the site, praised President Donald Trump for not specifically blaming neo-Nazis and white supremacists following the Charlottesville rally, saying “he loves us.”
Trump said on Saturday “we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence, on many sides. On many sides. It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump, not Barack Obama. This has been going on for a long, long time.”
The outcry against the President's remarks was long and loud and crossed party lines for failing to single out and condemn white nationalists. Anglin blogged that Trump's comments were “good.”
“He didn't attack us. He just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. He said that we need to study why people are so angry , and implied that there was hate on … both sides!” Anglin wrote. “There was virtually no counter signaling of us at all. He loves us all.”
GoDaddy, headquartered in Arizona, says it is the “world's largest domain name registrar” and “hosts more than 10 million websites around the world.”
With Green Monday only a few Mondays away – three to be exact – the kids are probably already asking for their kites to prepare for the day when we all head to the fields and beaches to fly our kites and celebrate the start of Lent.
Instead of getting a store-bought kite, you might want to consider a kite-making workshop day for the whole family on Sunday, January 11, organised by the Leventis Museum in Nicosia, together with the Nicosia branch of the Red Cross.
This is the third year in a row that the Make Kites workshop is being held at the museum. Just like in the two previous years, the museum invites grandparents, parents and children to construct traditional kites under the guidance of museum staff.
The idea is that the older generation works with the younger one to create a joint kite. While the creative process is going on and the kites are made using traditional methods and materials, grandparents will have the chance to tell their grandchildren about the Green Monday traditions. In this way, children learn from their grandparents and parents and traditions are passed on in a constructive and entertaining way.
The cost is €20 per family which includes materials. All proceeds from the event will go to support the humanitarian programme of the Red Cross.
For families who would like to make a kite the traditional way but cannot make the workshop, a package with the materials for kite construction will be available from the Nicosia branch of the Red Cross from Monday, February 12 for €15.
We Make Kites
An educational workshop for families with children. February 11. The Leventis Municipal Museum, 15-17 Hippocrates Street, Laiki Yitonia, Nicosia. 10.30am. €20 per family. Tel: 22-661475 (ext. 106 and 110), email: [email protected]
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Hi Alaska Folk Fest fans. KTOO wants your favorite festival-related photos for our public art show “Folk Life”. How about that great picture of Buddy Tabor. A scene of kids dancing at Centennial Hall. A late night jam session. You're all invited to send us three images that we'll hang on the walls of KTOO for the month of April. The show will be super simple — no frames, just email your three images to arts [at] ktoo [dot] org by March 30th and we'll print and hang them. Then join us for a First Friday opening at 4:30 p.m. on April 6th.
Submission Guidelines
This is a community show, open to photographers of all levels and ages (even smart phone images!).
Photographs will be printed at KTOO on 8 ½ x 11 photo paper.
If you're really picky about how your photos are presented, this may not be the show for you.
Due to space considerations, KTOO may not be able to print all submissions.
KTOO reserves the right not to publish all submissions.
Participants are welcome to their prints once the show is taken down in May.
In addition to the public show, please let us know if we can use your images on our website and on social media.
Please send us the highest resolution possible, we can work with your Facebook photos.
Submit to arts [at] ktoo [dot] org (if the file sizes are large, please send each photo in a separate email).
Please provide your name (as you would like it printed) and each of the photo titles.
(Event photo of Jason Overby by Annie Bartholomew)
SEATTLE — If every tree has a story and every soul has a mate, then it`s safe to say this is a story rooted in love.
It began back in 1976, with Herb Allwine and his sweetheart, Mary Lou. The husband and wife put down roots of their own in the Phinney Ridge neighborhood of Seattle. And shortly thereafter, they planted a tree outside their house.
“It's a Blireiana plum. At least that's what I understood when we planted it,” says Herb.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
About 25 years ago, the two began decorating the tree for Christmas, and things just kind of branched out from there.
“We decorated for Valentine's Day, Easter, Fourth of July, Thanksgiving,” says Herb.
When Mary Lou passed away from cancer seven years ago, Herb made sure their love story didn't end there.
“So, we keep doing it. I keep doing it. And my daughters and my grandson and my son help once in a while. We keep her going,” says Herb.
You can bet the electric bill is not cheap. And while the money to pay that bill doesn't actually grow on that tree, it certainly does generate a lot of generosity from neighbors, who've been known to leave a small donation from time to time on Herb's doorstep, along with dozens of thank you cards.
Herb knows the real value is in the joy it brings.
“I had a guy years ago, lady told me her husband proposed to her under this tree,” says Herb.
So the next time you drive by 'that tree' in Phinney Ridge now, you know the story behind it -- the love story of Herb and Mary Lou.
“It's just nice to think of your wife, who isn't here anymore. I'll probably keep doing it as long as I can and I don`t know how long that's going to be, but we`ll keep it going for a while,” says Herb.
[India], May 31 (ANI): Megastar Amitabh Bachchan believes more than celebrities, social workers should be lauded for the efforts they make towards the welfare of the society.
"Just delivering pertinent written lines and presenting a smiling celebrity face is not going to change the world, but an effort is made, a beginning is visible and from there it takes its own course," Amitabh wrote on his blog.
"The ones that do the maximum work and who should be lauded and decorated the most should be the 'workers', who travel from destination to destination right into the interiors of the country propagating these campaigns to perfection.
"They are the true ambassadors, the true heroes of any such campaign... And regrettably, they are ones that get the least attention," he added. The 75-year-old further wrote: "Whether it is the Swachch Bharat, the Beti Bachao Andolan, the tiger, the elephant saves, TB, Hepatitis B, Diabetes and the many more that I work for... It must never be forgotten that the one that delivers and finally conquers, is that worker." On the work front, Amitabh can currently be seen alongside veteran actor Rishi Kapoor in '102 Not Out'. (ANI)
April 27 Microsoft Corp's lineup of Surface tablets, laptops and desktop computers has always been a paradox.
The software company's surprise foray into hardware became a billion-dollar-plus business and even managed to outclass longtime rival Apple Inc with its Surface Studio desktop machine last fall, according to some tech critics.
At the same time, the Surface range competes with Microsoft's longstanding PC maker partners, such as Dell Technologies, Lenovo Group Ltd and HP Inc, which pay billions of dollars to license Windows, Microsoft's traditional cash cow.
Those two facets came into sharp relief in the latest quarter, when Surface sales suffered while Microsoft's own Windows licensing customers prospered.
Surface revenue declined 26 percent to $831 million, its lowest tally in a year. Meanwhile, the overall PC industry staged a slight comeback, notching a 0.6 percent gain in shipments for the first time in years, according to IDC. That helped drive Microsoft's Windows licensing revenue up 5 percent this quarter.
Effectively, Microsoft lost in Surface sales, but it gained in Windows licensing.
It has always been part of Microsoft's Surface strategy to release flagship models that goad the rest of the PC industry to improve its products, said Microsoft investor relations director Zack Moxcey.
He said competition from PC makers selling lower-priced hardware, along with some Surface hardware nearing time for an upgrade, led to the lower Surface sales.
"It's definitely about driving the health and performance of the broader windows ecosystem," Moxcey said.
Buried in the supplemental information Microsoft provides investors, there was further silver lining. The company said sales of Windows licenses destined for consumer PCs was down 1 percent, but revenue for more lucrative Windows licenses for business and educational computers was up 10 percent.
Moxcey said this was attributable to sales of higher-priced machines, especially for businesses. "That carries a higher revenue-per-license for us," he said.
The data fits with Dell's latest results, as the PC maker's sales of computers to businesses rose 11.6 percent year over year to $6.6 billion in its last quarter, versus 8.5 percent growth for consumer PCs.
Rebounding sales of Windows PCs to schools and businesses is a boon for Microsoft, which is staking its comeback on business and productivity software.
And higher Windows revenue per license means that the Surface strategy - to pull the PC industry back upmarket with expensive flagship machines after a years-long race to the bottom on prices - might be getting some traction. (Reporting by Stephen Nellis; Editing by Bill Rigby)
It will be cloudy, misty and damp to begin today, with outbreaks of, sometimes heavy, rain.
But, according to Met Éireann, brighter, showery conditions will extend into western areas this afternoon. Top temperatures of 16 to 19 degrees are expected.
Tonight
It will become mostly dry overnight, with just isolated showers, under partly cloudy skies. A few mist and fog patches may form in the mainly light westerly breezes.
We've all been in a rush, but recent dashcam footage from Kingsgrove, Australia, revealed some next-level impatience.
Clearly unwilling to be bothered with the traffic light, the motorist is seen driving on the sidewalk without concern for pedestrians. While nobody is too excited about waiting at a stop light, thinking about potential vehicular manslaughter should be enough to make one reconsider at least this alternative.
Leitrim County Council is looking for artists that are interested in working with one of four Community Groups taking part in the 2017 Artist in the Community Scheme.
The Artist in the Community Scheme provides the opportunity for a community group in Leitrim to work with an artist on a specially designed project lasting 55 hours over the course of a number of months between July and December.
The scheme is built on the idea of partnership. The artist and group work together to develop a lasting, memorable and enriching project for everyone involved.
This is a unique opportunity for a community group to actively engage in an innovative project with a highly experienced artist recruited from a national call where the knowledge, skills and expertise of both the artist and the group are combined to get the maximum benefit from the programme.
The groups taking part this year is Glenfarne Community Development Trust, Annaduff ICA, Childhood Days and North Leitrim Men's Group.
The background to the four groups and what they hope to achieve from the programme is outlined on www.leitrimarts.ie.
Closing date for applications Friday May 5.
For more details of the scheme and how to apply please visit our website www.leitrimarts.ie or contact Christine Kelly on 0719621694, email: ckelly@leitrimcoco.ie
IF seven truly is the lucky number then Gai Waterhouse has her hands on a record seventh Golden Slipper after her strapping colt Santos was allocated gate seven for Saturday's big race at Rosehill Gardens.
Waterhouse wore a beaming smile as the seven gate was allocated to Santos at Tuesday's crucial Slipper barrier draw.
THE DRAW: SUNLIGHT, WRITTEN BY SET FOR EPIC SLIPPER BATTLE
GOLDEN SLIPPER FORM GUIDE: WHO WILL WIN?
BOWMAN SLIPS BACK INTO THE GROOVE ON WINX
“I don't usually worry too much about barriers but in a Golden Slipper it is such an advantage to draw well, particularly this year, because there are a lot of very good two-year-olds in the field,'' Waterhouse said.
“I've done it before but I found this barrier draw nailbiting, but seven is perfect for Santos. This is a tricky race, but a great race, and Santos gets his chance now.''
Waterhouse currently holds the Golden Slipper training record with her late father, Tommy Smith. She has won the race previously with Ha Ha (2001), Dance Hero (2004), Sebring (2008), Pierro (2012), Overreach (2013) and Vancouver (2015).
Camera Icon Trainer Gai Waterhouse is chasing her seventh Golden Slipper on Saturday. Picture: News Corp Australia, Brett Costello
“I've won Golden Slippers with three colts, Sebring, Pierro and Vancouver, and Santos reminds me of those horses,'' Waterhouse said.
“He is a very good colt, exactly what I look for in a young horse. He is a loose type of individual, muscular, athletic and rhythmical in his action. He glides over the ground.
“Is he good enough? We will know on Saturday. But he has an enormous turn of foot, he is incredibly determined and he is very fit.''
Santos, who firmed into $8 after the draw, goes into the Golden Slipper, after successive wins in the Pierro Plate and Skyline Stakes this autumn.
Camera Icon Trainer Gai Waterhouse wore her ‘golden slippers' to the barrier draw at Rosehill on Tuesday. Her Slipper contender Santos drew barrier seven. Picture: News Corp Australia, Brett Costello
“I identified him as our Golden Slipper horse early in the season,'' Waterhouse said.
“The good two-year-olds, you just know. He was beaten at his first two starts in the spring but after a spell he has returned a much stronger colt and he's a racehorse now.''
LATEST BETTING: TAB FIXED ODDS
(Adds comment, updates prices) * Speculators raise net long positions in gold in week to April 4 * Spot gold may fall to $1,241/oz -technicals By Sethuraman N R April 10 Gold held steady on Monday, buoyed as growing geopolitical tensions continued to drive safe-haven demand. Top aides to U.S. President Donald Trump differed on Sunday on where U.S. policy on Syria was headed after last week's attack on a Syrian air base, while U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned the strikes were a warning to other nations, including North Korea. Spot gold was mostly unchanged at $1,253.86 per ounce by 0745 GMT, while U.S. gold futures had dropped 0.2 percent to $1,255.40. The dollar index on Monday rose as much as 0.15 percent to over 3-week highs at 101.340. "Somehow gold is keeping its $1,200-$1,250 range intact even thought it keeps rising and falling," said Mark To, head of research at Hong Kong's Wing Fung Financial Group. "I don't think it can have a further upside as even though the (U.S. interest) rate hike expectations have come down; the direction of hikes and monetary tightening are quite clear." The U.S. Federal Reserve might in the future avoid raising interest rates at the same time that it begins the process of shrinking its $4.5 trillion bond portfolio, prompting only a "little pause", New York Fed President William Dudley said on Friday. "The U.S. Fed's rhetoric on balance sheet contraction, the strengthening dollar, declining credit growth and inflation expectations, are all negative for gold," said Stuart Allsopp, Head of Country Risk and Financial Markets Strategy BMI Research. "The technical picture suggests a correction is imminent, albeit within a larger bull market as gold is going to rise with inflation repression picking up on a longer term-perspective." Spot gold hit its highest since Nov. 10 at $1,270.46 on Friday and crossed the 200-day moving average. But, it failed to close above that key resistance level, making it difficult to move higher. Spot gold may fall to $1,241 per ounce, as suggested by its wave pattern and a Fibonacci retracement analysis, said Reuters technical analyst Wang Tao. But gold has been supported by safe-haven demand due to mounting geopolitical tensions. A U.S. Navy strike group will be moving toward the western Pacific Ocean near the Korean peninsula as a show of force, as concerns grow about North Korea's advancing weapons programme. Bullish sentiment on gold was also underpinned by U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission data that showed speculators raising their net long position in COMEX gold for the third straight week in the week to April 4. Spot silver dropped 0.3 percent to $17.90 an ounce, after hitting its best since Feb. 27 at $18.47 in the previous session. Platinum declined 0.2 percent to $949.90 an ounce, while palladium fell 0.5 percent to $797.60. (Reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by Joseph Radford)
(Corrects Reuters instrument code for Thai index in last paragraph) By Ambar Warrick April 6 Most Southeast Asian stock markets closed lower on Thursday on fears of capital outflows from the region after minutes of the U.S. Federal Reserve's last meeting showed that most policymakers think it should start trimming its massive stimulus. The U.S central bank's stimulus since the global financial crisis has driven capital inflows into Asia's emerging markets, and a reduction in it could prompt outflows from the region. The minutes released on Wednesday of the March 14-15 policy discussion showed that most Federal Reserve policymakers think the central bank should take steps to begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year as long as the economic data holds up. "Southeast Asian markets are basically following the performance of U.S. stocks last night after the minutes of the FOMC (Federal Open Market Committee) meeting," said Lexter Azurin, an equity analyst with AB Capital Securities. Wall Street ended lower on Wednesday after a late-afternoon reversal following signals from the Fed. "Investors are taking a cautious stance as there is a bit of uncertainty over the next rate hike." Investors were also wary ahead of the much anticipated meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping, the first between the world's two most powerful leaders. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down about 0.6 percent at 0833 GMT. Indonesian shares recovered from early falls to close at a record high, rising for a fourth straight session. The index of the region's 45 most liquid stocks was up about 0.1 percent. Financials were the main gainers with Bank Mandiri (Persero) posting a two-year closing high while Bank Central Asia ended at an all-time high. Philippine shares closed 0.3 percent lower after touching a five-month high earlier, with financial and real estate stocks leading the decline. "I think the Philippine market is just taking a breather. There has been a renewed interest in the market over the past few days which pushed it up," said Azurin. Business process outsourcing services provider Ayala Corp closed 2.8 percent lower, while property developer Ayala Land ended down 2.6 percent. Vietnam and Thailand were closed for Hung King's Day and Chakri Day, respectively. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS Market Current previous Pct Move close Singapore 3175.59 3176.55 -0.03 Manila 7565.32 7584.21 -0.25 Jakarta 5680.239 5676.98 0.06 Kuala Lumpur 1739.56 1744.67 -0.29 Change so far this year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3175.59 2880.76 10.23 Bangkok 1582.12 1542.94 2.54 Manila 7565.32 6840.64 10.59 Jakarta 5680.239 5296.711 7.24 Kuala Lumpur 1739.56 1641.73 5.96 Ho Chi Minh 723.22 664.87 8.78 (Reporting by Ambar Warrick in Bengaluru; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
× Birth control: Trump expands opt-out for workplace insurance
WASHINGTON, D.C. — The Trump administration is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women for religious and moral reasons.
The administration has issued a long-expected revision to Obama-era rules. The rules require most companies to provide birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Under the Affordable Care Act, preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents.
The Trump administration's revision issued Friday expands a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated nonprofit groups, and closely-held private companies.
The share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent, from 21 percent, since contraception became a covered preventive health benefit, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
It takes chutzpah: Yiddish version of 'Fiddler on the Roof'
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-9', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 9', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Richard Drew, AP Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Image 1 of 9 In this Tuesday, June 19, 2018, photo, Joel Grey, director of the National Yiddish Theatre Folksbiene production of a Yiddish-language version of "Fiddler on the Roof," is interviewed at the Museum of Jewish Heritage, in New York. less In this Tuesday, June 19, 2018, photo, Joel Grey, director of the National Yiddish Theatre Folksbiene production of a Yiddish-language version of "Fiddler on the Roof," is interviewed at the Museum of Jewish ... more Photo: Richard Drew, AP Image 2 of 9 In this Tuesday, June 19, 2018, photo, the National Yiddish Theatre Folksbiene cast of a Yiddish-language production of "Fiddler on the Roof," rehearses at the Museum of Jewish Heritage, in New York. In this Tuesday, June 19, 2018, photo, the National Yiddish Theatre Folksbiene cast of a Yiddish-language production of "Fiddler on the Roof," rehearses at the Museum of Jewish Heritage, in New York. Photo: Richard Drew, AP Image 3 of 9 In this Tuesday, June 19, 2018, photo, director Joel Grey, center, works with the National Yiddish Theatre Folksbiene cast of a Yiddish-language version of "Fiddler on the Roof," at the Museum of Jewish Heritage, in New York. less In this Tuesday, June 19, 2018, photo, director Joel Grey, center, works with the National Yiddish Theatre Folksbiene cast of a Yiddish-language version of "Fiddler on the Roof," at the Museum of Jewish ... more Photo: Richard Drew, AP Image 4 of 9 In this Tuesday, June 19, 2018, photo, Steven Skybell, right, as Tevye, rehearses with the National Yiddish Theatre Folksbiene cast of a Yiddish-language version of "Fiddler on the Roof," at the Museum of Jewish Heritage, in New York. less In this Tuesday, June 19, 2018, photo, Steven Skybell, right, as Tevye, rehearses with the National Yiddish Theatre Folksbiene cast of a Yiddish-language version of "Fiddler on the Roof," at the Museum ... more Photo: Richard Drew, AP Image 5 of 9 Image 6 of 9 In this Tuesday, June 19, 2018, photo, director Joel Grey, left, talks with literary manger Sabina Brunkner, center, and Yiddish coach Motl Didner during a rehearsal of the National Yiddish Theatre Folksbiene's Yiddish-language production of "Fiddler on the Roof," at the Museum of Jewish Heritage, in New York. less In this Tuesday, June 19, 2018, photo, director Joel Grey, left, talks with literary manger Sabina Brunkner, center, and Yiddish coach Motl Didner during a rehearsal of the National Yiddish Theatre Folksbiene's ... more Photo: Richard Drew, AP Image 7 of 9 In this Tuesday, June 19, 2018, photo, Steven Skybell, center, as Tevye, rehearses with the National Yiddish Theatre Folksbiene cast of a Yiddish-language production of "Fiddler on the Roof," at the Museum of Jewish Heritage, in New York. less In this Tuesday, June 19, 2018, photo, Steven Skybell, center, as Tevye, rehearses with the National Yiddish Theatre Folksbiene cast of a Yiddish-language production of "Fiddler on the Roof," at the ... more Photo: Richard Drew, AP Image 8 of 9 In this Tuesday, June 19, 2018, photo, Steven Skybell, as Tevye, rehearses with the National Yiddish Theatre Folksbiene cast of a Yiddish-language production of "Fiddler on the Roof," at the Museum of Jewish Heritage, in New York. less In this Tuesday, June 19, 2018, photo, Steven Skybell, as Tevye, rehearses with the National Yiddish Theatre Folksbiene cast of a Yiddish-language production of "Fiddler on the Roof," at the Museum of ... more Photo: Richard Drew, AP Image 9 of 9 It takes chutzpah: Yiddish version of 'Fiddler on the Roof' 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
NEW YORK (AP) — It might seem meshuga — crazy — to stage a beloved musical in a language that most of the audience won't understand. But Tevye the dairyman and his family will speak Yiddish in an off-Broadway production of "Fiddler on the Roof" directed by Oscar and Tony winner Joel Grey.
Previews start Wednesday for the show, which will be the first-ever U.S. production of "Fiddler" in the language its characters would have spoken.
"I always knew what this play was about and that's how I had the chutzpah to tackle it," Grey said during a rehearsal at the National Yiddish Theatre Folksbiene, which is housed at the Museum of Jewish Heritage in lower Manhattan. "We work in English first on the scenes so that everybody understands the characters, and the third or fourth time we do it in Yiddish, and we just keep at it."
There will be supertitles in English and Russian for theatergoers who don't know their schmaltz from their schmutz.
"Fiddler on the Roof" opened on Broadway in 1964 starring Zero Mostel as Tevye and ran for eight years. It has been a favorite of schools and community theater groups ever since and has been revived on Broadway four times. Its songs including "Sunrise, Sunset" and "If I Were a Rich Man" are familiar even to people who've never seen the show.
Based on stories by Sholom Aleichem originally written in Yiddish, "Fiddler" is set in 1905 in a Jewish village in czarist Russia.
A Yiddish version of "Fiddler" translated by actor and writer Shraga Friedman as "Fidler afn Dakh" was performed in Israel in 1966 but was never staged in the United States until now.
In the Yiddish version of the show, the song "To Life!" doesn't have to be translated from "L'Chaim!" — It's just 'L'Chaim!" ''If I Were a Rich Man" becomes "Ven ikh bin a Rotschild," from a story by Aleichem about a man who imagines he were as wealthy as a member of the Rothschild family.
The new production shows how decades of work to preserve Yiddish by organizations including the Folksbiene — Yiddish for World Stage — have paid off.
"For more than a generation we've had an explosion of contemporary Yiddish arts and culture by musicians, poets, theater makers, scholars and writers who have studied the language and its history and its incredible volume of modern literature and eclectic music," said Alisa Solomon, the author of "Wonder of Wonders: A Cultural History of Fiddler on the Roof," published in 2013.
Solomon said "Fiddler" is "free to just kind of be itself in a way that 50 years ago it couldn't be in some circles because there was an absence of that vibrant Yiddish culture."
Yiddish, which is based on German with elements taken from Hebrew and other languages and is written with the Hebrew alphabet, was once spoken by millions of Eastern European Jews but fell victim both to the Holocaust and the pull of assimilation. Isaac Bashevis Singer, who won a Nobel Prize for his stories written in Yiddish, famously said the language "has been dying for a thousand years, and I'm sure it will go on dying for another thousand."
Immigrants to the United States built a thriving Yiddish theater scene that launched the careers of famed acting teacher Stella Adler and stars such as Edward G. Robinson. The Folksbiene was founded in 1915 and was once one of more than a dozen Yiddish theater companies on Manhattan's Lower East Side. It presents plays from the Yiddish theater canon as well as new work and adaptations of Yiddish literary works such as "Yentl," based on Singer's story "Yentl the Yeshiva Boy."
Grey's father, Mickey Katz, was a musician and actor who performed Yiddish comedy songs, but Grey said he doesn't speak much Yiddish himself and has been learning while rehearsing.
Grey watched as the actors rehearsed the tavern scene from "Fiddler" in which Tevye agrees to let the butcher Lazar Wolf marry his eldest daughter. To a non-Yiddish speaker, the most easily understood words were schnapps and vodka.
The 86-year-old is best known for his role as the master of ceremonies in "Cabaret," a musical that improbably turned the rise of Hitler into popular entertainment.
"He brings a whole other dimension in terms of his theatrical knowledge and sense," said Zalmen Mlotek, the Folksbiene's artistic director. "It's an experience."
VOL. 41 | NO. 6 | Friday, February 10, 2017
TOKYO (AP) — Toyota has revamped its plug-in hybrid with a longer cruising range and quicker charging, including from a regular home plug, hoping it will sell better than the first model from five years ago that officials acknowledged had flopped.
Japanese automaker Toyota Motor Corp.'s Prius PHV plug-in went on sale in Japan on Wednesday. Sales in the U.S., where it's called Prius Prime, started late last year. It is set to launch in Europe and other countries in March.
Toyota hopes to sell 2,500 PHV cars in Japan a month. It gave no overseas targets. It sold only 22,000 of the earlier PHVs.
The lackluster sales contrast with Toyota's leadership in hybrid vehicles; it has sold 10 million globally since the first Prius went on sale in 1997.
Nearly half of the vehicles Toyota sells in Japan are hybrid models. Toyota, which also makes the Camry sedan, offers hybrids across the entire spectrum of models, including sport-utility vehicles and Lexus luxury cars.
But Toyota suffered a setback in another ecological technology, fuel cells, which run on hydrogen fuel. All 2,800 Mirai fuel-cell vehicles on roads — 1,200 in the U.S., 1,500 in Japan and 140 in Europe — were recalled globally Wednesday for defective software.
If the gas pedal is pushed fully after the vehicle makes a long descent using cruise control, a surge in voltage can cause the fuel system to stop running, according to Toyota.
A hybrid switches between a gas engine and an electric motor. A plug-in hybrid can travel further as a pure electric vehicle, which is zero-emission, but needs recharging when its battery is spent.
The cruising range of the new plug-in as an EV is 68.2 kilometers (42.4 miles), about five times the earlier model's 26.4 kilometers (16.4 miles).
It also charges about twice as fast, in two hours and 20 minutes, from a 200-volt outlet and in 14 hours at a 100-volt outlet. At a special charging machine, it reaches an 80 percent charge in just 20 minutes.
Toyota Chairman Takeshi Uchiyamada, known as "the father of the Prius," said he had no idea how long it will take for global plug-in sales to reach a million.
He acknowledged hybrid sales have suffered as the recent drop in gas prices helped sales of sport-utility vehicles. But in the long run, consumers will opt for ecological vehicles because of growing worries about the environment, he said.
By 2050, Toyota foresees reducing emissions by 90 percent from 2010 levels — meaning that almost every vehicle on roads will be running on some kind of green technology, be it hybrids, electric, plug-in or fuel cell.
"PHV is key to that step in making eco-cars widespread," Uchiyamada said. "This is a product we are proud of."
___
Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama
John Stamos‘ fiancée, Caitlin McHugh, was the victim of a burglary while staying at the Beverly Hills Hotel on Friday.
According to the Beverly Hills Police Department, McHugh reported that the burglary occurred sometime in the evening hours on Friday when no one else was in the room. According to the police, the burglars made off with several pieces of jewelry valued at approximately $165,000 total.
Police are continuing to investigate the incident and there is currently no suspect information.
TMZ, who first reported the news, said that Stamos arrived at the hotel after the incident took place.
A spokeswoman for the Beverly Hills Hotel refused to comment.
The couple became engaged in October 2017 in front of a castle at Disneyland. Stamos proposed to McHugh with a Neil Lane diamond.
The two are also expanding their family. The Fuller House star revealed to PEOPLE that he and McHugh were expecting their first child together in December.
RELATED VIDEO: John Stamos' Fiancée Caitlin McHugh Debuts Baby Bump on Instagram
“We have the same morals and the same values, that all clicked nicely. So we said, ‘Oh, well, maybe we should have a family,'” he said.
McHugh suggested, “‘Maybe we should have a kid [before we get married]' and I said, ‘Why?'” Stamos recalled, revealing his fiancée jokingly responded, “Because you're old.”
John Stamos and Caitlin McHugh at the SAG Awards
“The [pregnancy] happened. Then I said, I better have a ring on her finger because it's the right thing to do, and I wanted to marry her anyway,” Stamos said. “So I called her parents to ask, and it was like, ‘You better!'”
“The look on John's face when I told him we were pregnant was priceless,” added McHugh. “It was the look of a man who has wanted a family of his own but wasn't sure it was going to happen for him. Now it is!”
A pair of local young entrepreneurs will be making their case as to why their business ideas are worth getting behind.
Two Beaver Brae Secondary School students, Leigha Nault and Leah Snow will travel to Toronto for the Young Enterpreneurs, Make Your Pitch competition at the Discovery 2018 conference on Monday, April 30.
Nault will pitch her idea Buruwang Tours, an Aboriginal-themed tour business with the goal of bringing residents and visitors of Kenora closer to their own history.
“It's pretty self explanatory, really,” Nault said in a phone interview, and explained that Kenora doesn't have its own land-based tour company. “We have so many tourists that come here every summer, so why not take advantage of it?”
She said she came up with the idea after travelling last summer and interacting with different tour companies, and it occurred to her that her hometown didn't have a tour company that wasn't a boating tour out on the lake. “So I thought: why not make one myself?”
Snow will showcase her project The Cleansing Kit, which contains items to help spiritually cleanse a dwelling with a target audience of novelty story and boutique consumers, local farmers' markets and the online marketplace. Snow was not available for additional comment.
According to a press release, the 20 finalists from across the province were chosen through online voting and judges' scores from more than 200 video submissions and six final winners will be chosen to receive up to $3,000 in start-up funds.
KCharlebois@postmedia.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Pamela Geller, editor-in-chief of the Geller Report, spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday regarding her upcoming book, Fatwa: Hunted in America.
The book was also featured in an exclusive Breitbart News item Wednesday. Geller wrote:
advertisement
In Fatwa: Hunted in America, I tell my own story of my work to defend freedom of speech, individual rights, and equality of rights for all. I go back to how I began chronicling my take on news events at my groundbreaking website Geller Report (previously Atlas Shrugs), then moved into activism; at first on behalf of Muslim girls who were being brutalized and victimized at home for not following the misogynistic rules of Islamic law, then to stand against the advance of jihad and Sharia on numerous fronts, and above all for freedom of speech, which is increasingly embattled in this age of jihad.
Thursday, Geller pointed out that anyone who engages in thinking deemed politically incorrect is silenced through libel or worse, often by the media.
She related how everything changed for her on 9/11, saying she was “deeply shook” by events, which set her off on an entirely different career path than she had been on.
Doing her own research post-9/11, Geller said, “I found the media just was absent on this issue,” meaning radical Islam. “Either they didn't talk about it, or if they did, they were obfuscating, or they were outright lying.”
Her latest book, now available for pre-order, has drawn praise from Mark Steyn, Ann Coulter, Tomi Lahren, John Bolton, and other voices on the right. Steyn wrote:
This is a riveting tale of a “controversial” woman. She believes in “controversial” principles such as free speech, and holds “controversial” positions such as the right of Muslim girls in the developed world to enjoy the freedoms of all other western women without being honor-killed, beheaded or otherwise murdered. She is so “controversial” that, when Islamic fanatics tried to kill her in the first ISIS attack on American soil, this country's appalling and stupid media blamed her for being so “controversial” as to drive people to open fire on her. In a saner, healthier world, she would not be “controversial” at all, but would be recognized as the brave – indeed, fearless – woman she is. This is her story, and splendidly told.
Geller said, “Islam is a lot of things, but a religion of peace is not one of those things. It's very important that we support people like Milo [Yiannopoulos], and I take my hat off to him for publishing my book. This is the only way for us to get our information out there. Under Obama, the left was in power, and they were shocked when Trump got elected, and now, they've taken their anger out on social media. They've tried to shut down speech like mine on it since then. They start with some people, but they'll eventually come for you. This idea that I'm anti-Muslim is absurd. I try to help people that don't want to be oppressed by it. It's the ideology that I oppose.”
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.
LISTEN:
A DNA double helix is seen in an undated artist's illustration released by the National Human Genome Research Institute to Reuters on May 15, 2012. A group of 25 scientists June 2, 2016, proposed an ambitious project to create a synthetic human genome, or genetic blueprint,... REUTERS/National Human Genome Research Institute/Handout
Oil traders bet OPEC will stick to the deal
While the jury is still out on whether OPEC can rein in a global oil glut, top commodity traders seem optimistic.
Where to invest: Artificial life
Despite ethical and safety concerns, record sums are moving into synthetic biology's wide market - a field that could deliver new drugs, materials, chemicals and even perfumes.
JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon's latest shareholder letter lays out plenty of tips and sound bites for President Trump and Republicans to roll back post-crisis rules. But the administration's failure to replace the Fed's departing top regulator throws more doubt on a Dodd-Frank overhaul. Listen to our podcast below.
From politics to...beer magnate
Bob Hawke, a former prime minister of Australia and a legendary beer drinker, seems set to become the talk of the town once again after he launched his own craft lager - 'Hawke's Lager.'
LONG BEACH, Calif. (AP) - A Tulsa, Oklahoma man who ambushed and killed a woman and her 4-year-old daughter in an unprovoked attack on a Long Beach, California, street will spend life in prison.
Twenty-three-year-old Brandon Colbert Jr. was sentenced to two life terms without parole on Friday. A judge said he's shown no "respect, sorrow nor remorse."
The hearing was disrupted when Colbert, who has a history of mental illness, tried to leave court, saying he didn't want to stay for victim impact statements. Three bailiffs tackled him and he was strapped to a chair.
Prosecutors say in 2016, Colbert hid behind a sign and opened fire with a shotgun, killing 26-year-old Carina Mancera and her daughter, Jennabel Anaya.
The girl's father wasn't hit.
Colbert didn't know the family.
DNA linked him to the killings.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
SOLO Safework SA inspectors were offered bribes or intimidated by company owners seeking to make them overlook safety breaches, an ICAC hearing has been told.
Ex-SA Safework official Rodney John Murray told Independent Commissioner Against Corruption Bruce Lander, QC, he had “experienced efforts to influence (his) decisions” while working for Safework SA between 1999 and 2001.
“When initial contact was made at a workplace then, often an inspector would be attending alone, which is definitely not best practice,” Mr Murray said.
Independent Commissioner Against Corruption Bruce Lander, who opened an evaluation after receiving complaints and reports about the agency, heard that Mr Murray had been offered bribes on “five or six” different occasions.
He had also felt intimidated on three or four occasions.
“There was certainly one case that I tended where one of the persons in the room at that time stared at me fixedly to obviously … try to unsettle me in my job and also possibly to influence any decision that I was about to make.”
In a previous hearing, Mr Lander heard that Safework inspectors were at considerable risk of corruption and bribery because of their “near unfettered power”
The evaluation of Safework SA will continue on Thursday with MFS Chief Officer Greg Crossman appearing before Commissioner Lander.
Safework SA investigators have been accused of lacking transparency and accountability in previous submissions before the commission.
Health Secretary Francisco Duque III says the Commission on Audit fraud report on the project will provide the 'documentary evidence that can give us the full truthful story'
Published 6:17 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Health Secretary Francisco Duque III said the multi-billion-peso Barangay Health Stations (BHS) project is "good" but its continued implementation hinges on the findings of the Commission on Audit (COA) fraud audit.
Duque made the statement in an interview with Rappler on the sidelines of the Senate hearing on the Department of Health's (DOH's) BHS project.
“It's a good project but we will have to wait for the COA fraud audit and they will tell us – I'm sure there's going to be a recommendation whether we should pursue it," he said, when asked about the future of the project.
Duque said the BHS project is a good project as it "will narrow the gap in terms of access by our people, especially the poor, in far flung areas to benefit from he primary care basic health services that will be expected to be provided by the barangay health stations."
He earlier said there were "possible irregularities" in the implementation of the project, the subject of a task force that he formed. (READ: DOH uncovers a billion peso irregularity in Barangay Health Station project – Duque)
Poor planning
During the Senate hearing, Duque and former health secretaries Janette Garin and Paulyn Ubial had a heated exchange over the “poor planning” of the project. (READ: Duque hits Garin over 'poor planning' for Barangay Health Stations project)
Duque said the root cause of all the problems is the "very defective" planning from the start as it had a lot of “loose ends.”
“Kung naplano ng maigi and nagkaroon ng guidelines, itong mga detalye sana ay nailatag. Kasi parang naghahabol na'ng lahat [ngayon] (If there was careful planning and there were guidelines, these details would have been laid out. Because now, it seems that everything's being done in a hurry)," he said.
"The planning had a lot of deficiencies. So always, if the planning is deficient, the execution becomes deficient, the implementation gets affected,” he added.
Private contractor JBros Construction Corporation also cited the lack of coordination between the DOH and the Department of Education specifically on the sites of the health stations. This led to the demolition of a completely built unit in a public elementary school in Lipa, Batangas, to give way to a school gym.
'Truthful story'
Officials from the different departments in the DOH also gave conflicting statements. Some officials recommended that JBros Construction should be paid for construction of the health stations.
Addressing this, Duque said the DOH would look to COA to flesh out the “full truthful story.”
“Walang (There is no) consistency of results that had been reported. So at the end of the day it's the COA, the constitutional body – objective, dispassionate – putting together all of the documents. At the end of the day, ano ba 'yung (what are the) documentary evidence that can give us the full truthful story? COA is in the best position to do that,” he said.
The BHS project, implemented under then Health Secretary Janette Garin, aimed to establish 5,700 rural health units to ensure barangays have access to primary health care. Public elementary schools were to be identified as sites for the health stations.
Meanwhile, DOH Undersecretary Roger Tong-an, who led the agency's task force on the investigation into the BHS project, said 218 health stations were completed with complete documentation.
Asked what would happen to these sites, Duque said they would be made operational.
In a statement, Senator Juan Edgardo Angara said the BHS project “remains a noble initiative that must be continued.”
He added the completion of the project would ensure the delivery of the Philippine Health Insurance Corporation's (PhilHealth's) primary care package to poor Filipinos. – Rappler.com
Net Power announced today that it successfully fired up a pilot plant near Houston that takes an entirely new approach to capturing carbon dioxide. The news marks a critical first test for a system that promises an economical path to cutting greenhouse-gas emissions.
What does that mean? The 50-megawatt natural-gas facility puts carbon dioxide to work, using heat and pressure to turn it into a “working fluid” that drives a specially designed turbine. Excess amounts of the gas can be siphoned off during the process, ready to ship and sell.
The “first fire” essentially validates the underlying technology (a replacement for the traditional steam cycle known as the Allam cycle), showing that the theory works in the real world. But the company didn't provide any hard performance metrics, and it will still need to demonstrate that the plant can operate economically at a commercial scale.
What's the big deal? To date, adding systems that can capture emissions from power plants has been complicated and expensive, jacking up the cost of producing electricity. Net Power expects that after it builds a few commercial-scale plants, it will be able to beat the costs of standard natural-gas plants.
That means the technology could provide a cheap, clean, and flexible source of power for the grid, capable of ramping up and down with demand more easily than standard solar and wind plants can. That promise is why energy researchers have been closely following the $140 million demonstration plant—and why MIT Technology Review placed the facility on its 2018 list of 10 Breakthrough Technologies.
What's next? Net Power intends to license the technology. It's already in talks with potential partners and customers, and it hopes to flip the switch on 300-megawatt commercial plants as early as 2021.
By Nick Coit
ncoit@abc6.com
Here are the nominees for ABC6 Sports Play of the Week! These are some of the top plays captured by our cameras from the past seven days. Vote for your favorite through Friday at 4:00 p.m. and the winner will be announced on ABC6 News at 5:30 Friday night.
A nationwide manhunt is underway for three illegal aliens who are accused of kidnapping and raping two underage, teenage sisters in Bowling Green, Ohio.
According to WISTV10, four illegal aliens are alleged to have kidnapped and raped a 13-year-old girl and her 14-year-old sister at a Days Inn near Wooster Street in Bowling Green.
The teen sisters allegedly escaped the four illegal aliens after being held against their will and sexually assaulted, and were quickly taken to the hospital by their mother and stepfather.
Already in custody is 24-year-old illegal alien Simon Juan Thomas from Guatemala. Thomas was arrested and charged by Bowling Green Police with raping minors and is currently imprisoned on a $50,000 bond.
Meanwhile, the other three illegal aliens remain on the run with Bowling Green Police officials saying they believe the men have fled the region.
The three illegal aliens wanted are:
David Ramos Contreras
Arnulfo Ramos
Juan Adiel
Police say 27-year-old Contreras is from Mexico, while Adiel had been using a fake ID that claimed he was a legal resident of Fellsmere, Florida. All four illegal aliens were using fake IDs, according to police.
Police are asking the public to focus on the photos of each illegal alien, rather than their names, as they are unclear whether these names are real or fake.
Two of the illegal aliens allegedly worked as drywallers while the other worked at Greenline Foods in Bowling Green.
Police are advising anyone with information on the whereabouts of the men are to contact the Bowling Green Police Division at 419-352-1131, Wood County CrimeStoppers at 1-800-54-CRIME, or a local law enforcement agency.
Anyone with information on the whereabouts of the men is allowed to stay anonymous and are eligible for an up to $1,000 reward should the information provided lead to the arrest and conviction of any of the suspects.
March 31 biOasis Technologies Inc
* biOasis announces oversubscription of financing
* biOasis Technologies Inc - Private placement has been increased from up to $3.15 million to up to $4.1 million
* biOasis Technologies Inc - Overall size of private placement will be increased to up to 5.9 million units
* biOasis Technologies Inc - Units remain priced at $0.70 per unit Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The International Federation of Sport Climbing (IFSC) have selected French city Toulouse to host its qualification event for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games.
No date for the event has been announced but it will take place in 2019 before climbing's Olympic debut in the Japanese capital a year later.
Toulouse was chosen by the IFSC Executive Board after four cities bid for the right to host the event.
American city Los Angeles, a two-time host of the Summer Olympics which will host the Games again in 2028, was among those to miss out.
Russian capital Moscow, the 1980 Olympic host, and Chongqing in China were also overlooked.
Climbing will make its Olympic debut at Tokyo 2020 ©Getty Images
The IFSC said that the pitch by French governing body the Federation Francaise de la Montagne et de l'Escalade (FFME) had swung proceedings in their favour.
"FFME presented a very detailed candidature, based on its experience in organising international events," a statement said.
"A special recognition goes to the other candidates."
Sport climbing was one of five sports to be added to the Tokyo 2020 programme by the International Olympic Committee in 2016.
Karate, surfing and skateboarding will also debut while baseball/softball will return after being axed following Beijing 2008.
Both bouldering and lead climbing competitions will take place in Tokyo.
The Securities and Exchange Commission filed a complaint last Thursday alleging insider trading in the purchase of GCI by a Colorado-based company.
The 13-page complaint laid out a timeline of rapid purchases of high-risk GCI stock options two weeks before it was announced the company would be acquired by Liberty Interactive Corporation.
In a filing with the U.S. District Court in southern New York, the SEC said the defendants are one or more un-named stock traders believed to be based in the United Kingdom or Lebanon.
The insider trading charges are connected with the activity of two financial service companies that bought $48,109 worth of GCI stock between March 20th and 31st of 2017. Neither company, UK-based Nomura nor Lebanon-based Cedrus had traded GCI stock in the previous six months, according to the filing. When the value of GCI's stock grew by 62 percent on the day the acquisition was announced, those risky holdings became worth more than $1 million.
In the complaint, the SEC said the “the timing, size, and profitability” of the trades is “highly suspicious,” and it believes non-public information about the proposed sale was exchanged in the lead up.
The SEC declined to comment beyond what was laid out in court documents. Neither Nomura nor Cedrus replied to a request for comment. GCI spokesperson Heather Handyside also declined to comment.
The allegations don't appear to have any effect on GCI customers in Alaska or on the status of Liberty's acquisition, which is expected to be finalized before the end of the year.
Despite a bad day at the office at Crawley for the Stags at the weekend, the club are in a fine position in League Two as the madness of the festive period and opening of the January window hurtle towards us.
It doesn't seem long ago we were playing those early season games with manager Steve Evans saying all he expected from his new-look squad was to be in and around the play-off chasing pack at the end of the year.
Barring a couple of calamitous results against Yeovil and Morecambe over the next two weekends, that goal will be comfortably achieved.
The disappointing 2-0 defeat at Evans' former club on Saturday saw the Stags slip out of the top seven, but only on goal difference.
Evans had a few harsh words to say afterwards and, with no midweek game, you can bet training will be fast and furious as so many quality players battle it out for a place in Saturday's starting XI against Yeovil.
It's a moot point whether Stags were 12 unbeaten before Crawley.
Does a 1-1 scoreline followed by a loss on penalties constitute a draw or a defeat?
Either way Mansfield were definitely seven League Two games unbeaten as they headed to Broadfield Stadium, but the run ended with more of a whimper than a bang.
Inevitably a small section of supporters has lost their heads on social media this week, but thankfully the sensible majority have put the drama queens back in their place.
Mansfield Town will not win every game for the rest of this season and that is a fact.
Even Steve Evans would admit things are far from perfect or as he would want them right now.
Yes, some players have not performed at their peak yet, the side do sometimes send it too long soon with good ball-playing midfielders getting by-passed and Stags are still not scoring as many goals as they should on chances created.
It is a work in progress.
But the club are in the thick of a genuine promotion challenge – a far cry from the situation during the final seasons of Paul Cox and Adam Murray.
Yeovil arrive on Saturday with boss Darren Way under extreme pressure from supporters after four defeats and a draw in their last five League Two matches left them 20th and only out the drop zone on goal difference.
Only two points above them are Morecambe, who visit the One Call Stadium a week later on the Saturday before Christmas.
After two draws and a defeat in League action, the Shrimpers pulled off a fine 2-0 home win over Coventry on Saturday without which they'd be in the relegation area today.
Ex-Stag Vadaine Oliver scored the first of those goals.
With Steve Evans' words still stinging in their ears after Saturday's defeat Mansfield will fancy a maximum haul from those two home games which will almost certainly see them in the play-off spots for Christmas.
Within a week of that Evans will then be able to start fine-tuning his side in the January window for what should be a thrilling second half of the season.
This show is sold out. We are not taking names in advance, but will begin a waitlist at 6 p.m. at JDHS on the day of the event.
TICKETS
KTOO is honored to host NPR humorist and award winning author, David Sedaris this May 14th at Juneau Douglas High School. He'll read new, original pieces for an hour, and will sign books before and after the performance. We're told the book signings are just as much a part of the event as the readings, and he sticks around until the last person wanting to connect has a chance. Hearthside Books will be on hand selling his latest.
MATURE CONTENT: Adult Language and Themes.
BABIES – Discouraged. Ticket required for all ages.
CHILDREN – Recommended for ages 13 and older.
With sardonic wit and incisive social critiques, David Sedaris has become one of America's pre-eminent humor writers. The great skill with which he slices through cultural euphemisms and political correctness proves that Sedaris is a master of satire and one of the most observant writers addressing the human condition today.
Sedaris is the author of “Barrel Fever” and “Holidays on Ice,” as well as collections of personal essays, “Naked,” “Me Talk Pretty One Day,” “Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim,” “When You Are Engulfed in Flames,” and his most recent book, “Let's Explore Diabetes with Owls,” each of which have become immediate best sellers. The audio version of “Let's Explore Diabetes with Owls,” is a 56th Annual GRAMMY Awards Nominee for Best Spoken Word Album. Sedaris is the author of the New York Times best-selling collection of fables, titled “Squirrel Seeks Chipmunk: A Modest Bestiary (with illustrations by Ian Falconer.) He was also the editor of “Children Playing before a Statue of Hercules: An Anthology of Outstanding Stories.” Sedaris' pieces appear regularly in The New Yorker and have twice been included in “the Best American Essays.” There are a total of ten million copies of his books in print and they have been translated into 29 languages.
An Evening with David Sedaris is made possible with support from:
TICKETS
Durban - Upper Highway residents have been shocked into having their dogs and cats vaccinated against rabies after a recent case in Gillitts.
They made use of the state's veterinary service's free offer to the public on Thursday, after which veterinary services were scheduled to spend Friday going from house to house in Stockville Road, where the infected dog may have come from.
A total of 1042 pets received vaccinations on Thursday and on Friday.
“This is the first time in three years we have had this sort of turnout,” said a veterinary official, who would not be named.
The vaccination station was set up in the area where the rabid dog had been running around.
Among those queueing up was Wendy Watson, who is still receiving injections after the dog nipped her and her friend as they tried to catch it on January 24.
“We went for anti-tetanus injections straight afterwards and we were humming and hawing about rabies ones,” she said.
Then they decided to take the course of rabies injections, which they will continue until February 28. Watson had the complication of plans to fly to Port Elizabeth at 6am the morning after being bitten.
“The first thing I did when I arrived was ask my friend to take me to a pharmacy to order the vaccine for my next injection, which I had on Saturday.”
She and her friend had been in the area for line-dancing classes at the Gillitts Town Hall when they saw the dog running in the road.
The rabies roadshow, offering free inoculations, will return to the “inner outer west”, according to the veterinary official.
“We had 17 cases in Inanda last year but we got it under control in two months.”
The official said if a dog was vaccinated it would be safe from rabies, but warned that if not vaccinated, chances of infection were high.
“If an animal is not vaccinated, rabies will find it - that's how badly it has infested now.”
The official said a rabid dog running up a street would typically cause other dogs to bark and get agitated.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video A recent rabies scare in Gillitts has prompted local pet owners to get their animals vaccinated. The State veterinary services offered free jabs and hundreds of pooches pitched up, led by their owners. Among the dog owners was Wendy Watson who was nipped by the rabid animal and is on a serious course of injections to protect her against the virus. Video: Duncan Guy / Independent Media
“Then there's a fight through the fence and it's bitten on the nose.
“The closer a bite wound is to the head, the quicker it will turn positive.
“Then the dog (that the rabid dog has bitten) turns on the family and it'll be the children first, because they're the smallest.
“It's hard stuff and that's the reality.”
A woman who would not give her name said she knew exactly how “real rabies is” because she was from East Griqualand farming stock.
“People just need to believe it's a very real thing.
“I don't think people respect or fear it,” she said.
“I saw cows with rabies, it was quite terrifying. I remember one being completely out of control.
“It had to be euthanised, which was quite traumatic for us to see as kids.”
Dog and cat owners queued up for vaccinations on Thursday and for most it was a quick jab behind the neck. Agriculture Department staff also paid the occasional “home visit”, administering the injection in their car.
When a small hatchback rolled up, André and Bianca Dames gave strict instructions to nine Jack Russells in the back not to jump out and animal health technician Taryn Kruis then jabbed them, one by one,
Provincial agriculture department spokesperson Khayelitsha Nkwanyana said another anti-rabies drive was under way in the far north of the province, near the border with Mozambique, having started in Inanda and then moved north to Richards Bay and Eshowe.
THE INDEPENDENT ON SATURDAY
OTTAWA — Given prior experience, the Canadian helicopter contingent bound for Mali will probably face greater danger from the risk of a mechanical failure and crash than it will from a terrorist attack, the chief of the defence staff suggested Monday.
That's in part because Canada's contribution to support the United Nations peace force there will likely be based in a well-defended military base in the country's eastern city of Gao, Gen. Jonathan Vance told The Canadian Press.
"There is an environmental threat just by being in Africa. It's been said by many people, and I agree, Mali is a dangerous place," Vance said.
Four UN peacekeepers have been killed in helicopter crashes, "all of which have been associated with mechanical failure of the helicopters. None have been associated with belligerent activity that affected those helicopters."
Asked whether the Canadian air crews would have the authority to shoot back at any ground threats if necessary, Vance replied: "Yes, absolutely."
Vance offered several details about the upcoming mission, which Canada's official Opposition said should be the subject of a full debate in Parliament after the Liberal government announced it Monday.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau told the House of Commons the government has contacted the Opposition "to find a way to move forward" on a debate that could take place in the coming weeks.
Canada's defence and foreign affairs ministers confirmed the Liberal government's 12-month commitment to the west African country. It includes two Chinook helicopters to provide medical evacuations and logistical support and four smaller, armed Griffons to act as armed escorts for the larger transports.
"Mali is a war zone. This is a combat mission," said Conservative defence critic James Bezan, who expressed concern about the potential for Canadian casualties, noting the deaths to date of more than 160 UN peacekeepers in Mali.
Bezan and fellow Tory MP Erin O'Toole, the party's foreign affairs critic, suggested the Liberals are using the peacekeeping announcement as a way to divert public attention from the negative publicity surrounding recent overseas trips Trudeau, most recently to India.
April 28 An earthquake measuring 7.2 struck off the coast of the island of Mindanao in the Philippines at 2023 GMT on Friday, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said.
The quake was measured at a depth of 10 km, 68 km south of the city of General Santos, the Center added. (Writing by Andrew Heavens)
May 3 Yum Brands Inc reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit, boosted by strong demand at its Taco Bell restaurants.
The company's income from continuing operations rose to $280 million, or 77 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, from $226 million, or 54 cents per share.
Excluding items, the company earned 65 cents per share, beating the average analyst estimate of 60 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Total revenue fell 1.8 percent to $1.42 billion. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru and Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles; Editing by Supriya Kurane and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
Will he stay or will he go... President Jacob Zuma is due to deliver his State of the Nation Address on February 8. Last year's shameful scenes in the House may well pale into insignificance if Zuma fails to disappear quietly into the night. File picture: Sumaya Hisham/EPA
Next Thursday, if last year was anything to go by, the centre of Cape Town will come to a standstill. Overhead there'll be the clatter of helicopter blades and the whine of their turbines.
On the ground there'll be crowd-control fencing hermetically sealing off the parliamentary precinct and police, lots of them, all armed to the teeth, intimidating in their mutant ninja turtle body armour.
On the other side of the fence, the angry masses, mostly dressed in red, will be taunting them, trying to break through.
It's been like this since 2015 when the opposition Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) disrupted President Jacob Zuma's state of the nation address - and were forcibly evicted in a punch up that belonged more at Newlands than the hallowed halls of the House.
Every year it has got progressively worse.
Last year was the nadir. Tear gas wafted through the public galleries as the EFF were forcibly ejected, culminating in a total walk-out by the opposition last year, leaving Zuma to blithely present his state of the nation totally at odds with the dystopia playing out outside.
This year was supposed to be different. Zuma wasn't even supposed to still be president, if you listened to the narrative that has been gaining traction ever since his deputy Cyril Ramaphosa's victory in the race for party president at Nasrec last December.
Ramaphosa won the elective battle, but only just, against his rival Nkosazana Dlamini Zuma. When the votes were tallied for all six of the top ANC leadership positions, that margin became even clearer - Ramaphosa and his slate were ahead by only 100 votes, something that immediately became clear in the schism of the compilation of the top six. The unity he preached in his inaugural January 8 statement in East London last month suggested a shift in the balance of power towards him, underscored by the loyal local crowd of party faithful booing Zuma five times at the Absa Stadium.
The scales seemed to tilt even further in Ramaphosa's favour as he overhauled the entire Eskom board before he left for Davos and the annual World Economic Forum. There he appeared to succeed in his wooing of potential foreign investors and the international bankers who are jittery about out debt, turning the wheel on the junking of our credit rating.
Back at home, a rejuvenated National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) was starting to do what it was supposed to, getting preservation orders against international companies who had benefited from the capture of the giant power utility and - more pertinently - acting on a dairy scheme in a dusty Free State town, that was tiny in comparison but gigantic in its potential consequences.
Suddenly, the Guptas - South Africa's favourite bogeymen after their temerity to avoid OR Tambo's arrival halls and start landing their wedding guests at an Air Force base normally reserved for visiting presidents - were directly involved, as was a cabinet minister - the former Free State agriculture MEC Mosebenzi Zwane, controversially elevated to national mining supremo in 2015 despite having no track record in the sector.
More importantly, erstwhile Free State premier turned ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule was tied in, not directly at this stage, but definitely through his son - just as Zuma has been tied to the Guptas through his son Duduzane.
As Ramaphosa preached unity, with an undertone of mercy to the vanquished, unequivocally banning any humiliating of Zuma, the talk turned to not if when Zuma would leave office. He wouldn't be the one delivering SONA 18. There were those who hedged their bets. SONA, they said, would be Zuma's swansong, his opportunity to address the nation a last time, reflect on his tenure and announce his retirement.
Read: Whoever is president on February 8 will deliver SONA - Parliament
President Zuma will deliver SONA
The problem is, no one seemed to get the memo. Deputy secretary-general Jessie Duarte certainly hadn't earlier this week, nor her boss, Magashule. They were adamant, there had been no talk about Zuma stepping down, on the contrary he had to see his term of office out, despite the National Working Committee of the ANC actually mandating the top six to have discussions with Zuma about his exit - of which there are three options: voluntarily step down, face a vote of no confidence in Parliament and/ or be impeached and lose everything.
The split ran deep. Party deputy president DD Mabuza had stuck to the new script at the weekend, preaching unity and foregrounding Ramaphosa during his visit to Limpopo at the weekend. Down in KZN Magashule slyly poked fun at Ramaphosa's links with McDonald's, kept speaking of Dlamini Zuma (who was in the audience) as if she and Ramaphosa were of equal stature, called on loyalists to endure the next five years until the next elective conference and turned the entire NPA Estina dairy farm probe into a vendetta against him continuing as SG.
There was certainly no talk from the man himself going quietly into the good night. On the contrary, almost on the cusp of the 11th hour, Zuma's lawyers responded to the NPA's deadline to show good cause why the national director of public prosecutions should not reinstate corruption charges against him - raising a whole slew of other issues, particularly preferential treatment for the president, since for everyone else, close of business on the last day of the month would normally be 5pm, not 9pm.
The ANC, when it has appeared to speak as one, has been determined to portray the person who occupies the Union Buildings as a party deployee, and, in so doing, reinforce a perception that policy is created at Luthuli House, the Joburg party headquarters, and merely executed from the country's capital.
The point is moot, when the party president and the country's president are one and the same person.
As of December 18, that hasn't been the case. There are two centres of power: Zuma is also hell bent on showing he's no lame duck president either, as his world effectively starts tumbling about his ears; from the ousting of the kleptocrats at Eskom, the money chase in Vrede and the spectacle of Lucky Montana throwing every one under the bus at the ongoing parliamentary enquiry into the rail debacle at Prasa.
He's not just fighting back, he's given full notice of what he can do, when he goes off script - like he did at the opening ceremony of the ANC's elective conference on December 16 - promising free tertiary education for the poor, effectively announcing a policy shift, not just wrong-footing his cabinet colleagues and advisers but leaving them scrambling desperately to contain the equivalent of a lit match casually tossed into a tinderbox.
Ramaphosa has managed that with aplomb thus far, particularly in East London with the faithful and then shedding his party golf shirt for a lounge suit with the bankers in Davos. The next few days might test his legendary negotiating skills - and quiet steely resolve - to the limit.
But that's just inside the ANC.
The opposition are hard at work trying to reset the agenda for next Thursday, both the EFF and the DA - which has provided the new textbook definition of snatching defeat out of the jaws of victory through the Cape Town water crisis - have written to the Speaker, Baleka Mbete, to request a vote of no confidence before Zuma even takes to the box on Thursday night - if he hasn't been recalled by then.
This would be the ninth no confidence vote that he has faced in nine years. EFF leader Julius Malema believes conditions are far different to last August when Zuma survived a secret ballot to oust him - even though 26 ANC MPs voted against him. On Thursday, Mbete and her NCOP counterpart Thandi Modise announced that SONA 2018 will go ahead.
On Friday, UDM leader Bantu Holomisa called all the opposition parties together to try to have the opening of Parliament postponed while Zuma is still president.
This weekend there are more public protests planned for the weekend for the citizenry to take to the streets and voice their dissatisfaction.
Only one thing is guaranteed - if SONA 2018 does go ahead on Thursday night, with Zuma still president, last year's shameful scenes in the House could well pale into insignificance in this heady mix of competing opportunism and desperation.
If the volatility of the rand on the international exchange rate is any indicator, we are living in a virtual game of snakes and ladders.
Each throw of the dice either advances us several moves up the ladder, or slithers us back several paces - depending on who throws the dice.
The only question is whether February 8, 2018, will have the same effect as August 15, 1985, when PW Botha failed to cross his Rubicon.
This time though, blood could well run on the streets - and not just in Cape Town.
* Kevin Ritchie is Independent Media's Gauteng regional editor.
Saturday Star
With US State Department Secretary, Rex Tillerson suggesting Venezuela may face a military coup before his Latin American visit, Sputnik spoke with Dr Jairo Lugo Ocando; Associate Professor at the School of Media and Communication University of Leeds to get his view on the current situation in the country.
Sputnik: What are Tillerson's foreign policy aims on his visit to Latin America?
Dr Jairo Lugo Ocando: I think overall the effort of the Trump administration is to harden sanctions against specific officials in the Maduro administration. One of the things that has perhaps not been emphasised enough, is that the current sanctions from both the European Union and the United States against the Venezuelan government, is not against the government so far, but against specific officials of the government, barring them from example, having international bank accounts or transferring money abroad. European Union sanctions have been very difficult for Venezuela because a lot of the accounts of the officials of the government of Maduro are in Europe and not in the United States, which now will have to comply with the sanctions. The United States wants to take these sanctions one step further and one of the things the Trump administration is considering is a possible embargo against the Venezuelan exports of oil to the United States. The United States is still the main market for the Venezuelan oil and also the only country that actually pays in cash to the Venezuelan government. Everybody else pays in exchange or in debt. It doesn't bring any money into the country. The United States government's cash is vital to keep the crumbling economy running.
Sputnik: What is the attitude of other Latin American countries towards Venezuela?
Dr Jairo Lugo Ocando: The political tide has changed. Now a lot of the countries that used to be allies of Venezuela have expressed a deep concern about what's going on; including left-wing governments like the previous one in Chile and places like Uruguay. Venezuela is left with very few allies; basically it's places like Bolivia, Cuba and Nicaragua who are sticking with unconditional support to Nicolas Maduro. Other than that; what you have is an open door for the United States to come and co-ordinate international efforts, to pressure the government of Nicolas Maduro to make dramatic changes.
Sputnik: Is it actually possible that the Venezuelan Army could turn on Maduro?
Dr Jairo Lugo Ocando: The army is very in favour of the Maduro regime. Out of twenty five ministers, twenty two are active or retired military, so if anything has happened over the years, the military has increased its power over the country.
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen her 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from her family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen her 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from her family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
Hawaii Gov. David Ige has signed legislation that will ban the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs.
Hawaii Gov. David Ige has signed legislation that will ban the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs.
A Guatemalan mother who said being separated from her three children at the U.S.-Mexico border was the worst thing that's ever happened to her is at a New York City social services center to reunite with them.
A Guatemalan mother who said being separated from her three children at the U.S.-Mexico border was the worst thing that's ever happened to her is at a New York City social services center to reunite with them.
Court documents say a 10-year-old Southern California boy was tortured for days, starved, beaten, dropped on his head and slammed into furniture before he died last month.
Court documents say a 10-year-old Southern California boy was tortured for days, starved, beaten, dropped on his head and slammed into furniture before he died last month.
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans.
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans.
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and his extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and his extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
Nearly 1,700 Puerto Rican hurricane evacuee families living in hotels across the U.S. can stay there through at least July 23.
Nearly 1,700 Puerto Rican hurricane evacuee families living in hotels across the U.S. can stay there through at least July 23.
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
After two men agreed to plea deals in a California warehouse fire that killed 36 partygoers, the focus will shift to lawsuits.
After two men agreed to plea deals in a California warehouse fire that killed 36 partygoers, the focus will shift to lawsuits.
(KGO-TV via AP, File). FILE - This Dec. 3, 2016, file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland, Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept plea bargain prison ...
(KGO-TV via AP, File). FILE - This Dec. 3, 2016, file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland, Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept plea bargain prison ...
Little Ruya Kadir was a refugee in a strange land when she arrived in Boise at six months old.
Little Ruya Kadir was a refugee in a strange land when she arrived in Boise at six months old.
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows his daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at her birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows his daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at her birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Maria L. La Ganga/Idaho Statesman via AP). Zine Jalil, right, 8, and Siraj Jalil, 9, pose for a photo as they visited their mother and sister in St. Luke's Boise Medical Center in Boise, Idaho, Monday, July 2, 2018, after they were attacked while atte...
(Darin Oswald/Idaho Statesman via AP). Marisol Avelar of Boise adds a bouquet of white flowers to a growing pile during a vigil at City Hall in Boise, Idaho, Monday, July 2, 2018. A 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at her birthday party died Monda...
(AP Photo/Rebecca Boone). Megan Schwab, a community engagement specialist with the International Rescue Committee of Boise, works at her desk, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Boise, Idaho. Schwab is friends with Ethiopian refugee Bifituu Kadir and her daught...
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows his daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at her birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows his daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at her birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
By REBECCA BOONE
Associated Press
BOISE, Idaho (AP) - Little Ruya Kadir had sparkling eyes, a few basic belongings and not much else when she arrived in Boise, Idaho more than two years ago.
But at just six months old, she had the most important thing: A mother who loved her so fiercely that she left behind her homeland, her husband and everything she knew so Ruya would grow up in a safe place.
Ruya was at her third birthday party - complete with a pink doll-shaped cake and a Disney princess banner - Saturday evening when a man armed with a large knife attacked. Ruya and five other children were badly injured, along with the three adults who tried to protect them.
Timmy Kinner, a 30-year-old homeless man who had briefly been a guest at the apartment complex where Ruya lived, has been charged with first-degree murder and several other felonies in connection with the attack.
And Ruya's mother Bifituu Kadir is mourning her little girl, slain in the very community that was supposed to keep her safe.
Police say Kinner had recently been asked to leave the apartment complex because of bad behavior. They say the attack does not appear to be a hate crime.
"I remember Ruya when she was just a little bundle in my arms," said Megan Schwab, an employment specialist with the International Rescue Committee who befriended Bifituu and Ruya when they first arrived in Boise as Ethiopian refugees in December 2015.
"It was a very long journey, not something she talks about a lot but I do know she was fleeing violence," Schwab said. "She was alone with her little baby and very strong ... she had a lot of resolves to protect her baby and create a new life for them."
From the very first meeting, Bifituu and Schwab would pass baby Ruya back and forth as they filled out job applications and other paperwork aimed at getting the Kadir family properly settled in. When Schwab realized Bifituu had virtually no baby gear in her one-bedroom apartment, she found them hand-me-down furnishings and clothes.
Bifituu's home was "always a monument to Ruya," full of things the child loved, Schwab said.
"She loved shopping and dressing up very fashionably just like her mother," she said. "Disney princesses were her favorite, and anything at all that was pink."
Schwab saw Ruya just a month before the party, and was struck by how much she had grown. No longer toddling, Ruya flitted through the room where Schwab and Bifituu were talking. She stopped a moment, fixed her big, long-lashed eyes on Schwab and smiled. Then she dashed off in a game of chase with neighborhood kids.
On Monday morning, Schwab saw Ruya and Bifituu again, this time in a Salt Lake City hospital. She and other close friends were there to say goodbye to their sparkling little girl.
"I will say I was very privileged to be able to be there," Schwab said, her eyes filling with tears. "Her mom is very strong and ... the community really surrounded her to help her move through those last moments and help her begin the stages of grief."
One other child injured in the attack has since been released from the hospital, but some of the remaining seven victims face long roads to recovery, said Julianne Donnelly Tzul, the executive director of the IRC of Boise. All of the injured were refugees from Ethiopia, Syria and Iraq.
"I can't identify who got what," Donnelly Tzul said. "But there are slashes to faces requiring surgery and reconstructive surgery. There is at least one spinal injury that might cause paralysis to some degree, and lots of stab and puncture wounds."
Many have reached out to help, including Boise's Muslim community and other religious and social groups. But a crime as horrific as this one means the refugee families will have needs that stretch into the coming years, not just the next few weeks, Donnelly Tzul said.
Some of the injured do not have health insurance, and some of the others require medical care that isn't covered. They will also need counseling and many are losing work time, making it hard to cover basic living expenses. And some will need to find new places to live for their own mental health, said Donnelly Tzul, and so will need help with relocation expenses such as first months' rent and a deposit.
The International Rescue Committee has launched an online fundraiser for those looking to help.
With luck, Bifituu's husband will be able to join her in Boise. The IRC is working with immigration services and government officials to try to get him to the U.S.
"Arrangements have been made to bring Ruya back to Boise," Schwab said, "so that her mom can still be with her baby here."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TAMPA BAY, Fla. — A dog named ‘Scarface' sent two people to the hospital after its owner tried to put a sweater on him, the Tampa Bay Times reported.
The incident occurred around 2:30 p.m. on Friday when 52-year-old Brenda Guerrero tried to put a sweater on the dog and it attacked her. Her husband, 46-year-old Ismael Guerrero, tried to pull the dog off of his wife and it turned and began attacking him.
Warning: Graphic video
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
That's when their 22-year-old son got a knife and began stabbing the pit bull in the head and neck, the newspaper reported.
All three were able to escape the house and leave the dog in the backyard.
"Officers responding said the dog was pretty aggressive," said Eddy Durkin with the Tampa Bay police, according to WTFS. "When they Tased the dog, the dog was still pulling away and was able to release the prongs from the Taser."
Officials said there were two children in the house when they entered, but they were uninjured.
Brenda and Ismael were taken to the hospital. Brenda's injuries are serious but not life-threatening.
© Photo: Mohamed Maaruf No US Service Members Killed by Daesh Drones in Syria - Coalition
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The drone factory, located in the Islah al-Zerai district, was run by the Islamic State (Daesh) terror group. Daesh employed foreign drone experts, who were killed, according to the Iraqi News website.
Islamists have been using bomb-rigged drones to target Iraqi security forces as government troops push deeper into the Old City in western Mosul.
Coalition-backed Iraqi forces recaptured the eastern part of the Daesh stronghold in Iraq this January after months of fighting and crossed the Tigris river in February to drive Islamists from more densely populated western districts.
Braum's has withdrawn its application to develop in Classen Circle, according to an Oklahoma City councilman.
Ward 2 Councilman Ed Shadid posted the following to his Facebook just after 8 a.m. Friday:
Braum's letter requesting to withdraw the application:
Stay with News 9, News9.com and your News9 app for more details as we get them confirmed.
Fredie Blom said he gave up alcohol years ago, but he still smokes tobacco several times per day.
Cape Town - The year Fredie Blom was born, in 1904, Rolls-Royce rolled out its first car and the Wright brothers built their second powered aeroplane .
Theodor Seuss Geisel came into the world. New York opened its subway system and celebrated New Year's Eve in Times Square. And American Major League Baseball player Denton True "Cy" Young pitched a perfect game.
Earlier this month, Blom, who is believed to be the oldest man alive, celebrated his 114th birthday at his home in Delft, outside Cape Town, according to the Western Cape Department of Social Development. Video footage shows Blom wearing a yellow and green baseball cap and a sports coat. In the video, he says that although he has lived a long life, he does not know the secret to his success.
"There's only one thing - it's the man above," he said, crediting God for his longevity, according to BBC News. "He's got all the power. I have nothing. I can drop over anytime but He holds me."
"I feel very healthy, I'm good," Blom added. "My heart is strong but it's only my legs that are giving in - I can't walk the way I used to."
He told BBC News that he gave up alcohol years ago, but he still smokes tobacco several times per day. Specifically, he said, he smokes "pills," a term used for tobacco rolled in newspaper, resembling a cigarette, according to BBC News.
"I use my own tobacco because I don't smoke cigarettes," the 114-year-old said.
But he wants to quit.
"The urge to smoke is so strong," he told BBC News. "Sometimes I tell myself I'm going to stop but it's just me lying to myself. My chest chases me to have a puff and I'm then forced to make a 'pill.'
"I blame the devil for that because he's so strong."
Still, it hasn't seemed to hurt him. Blom has no real health issues - only a slower gait and some trouble hearing, according to BBC News.
In fact, he is believed to have outlived every other man on Earth, though the Western Cape Department of Social Development said in a statement that he has "yet to be recognized by the Guinness World Records organization."
In April, Guinness World Records named Japan's Masazo Nonaka as the oldest living person (male). Nonaka, 112, from Ashoro, Hokkaido, assumed the title from a man in Spain, who died this year at the age of 113.
But it is France's Jeanne Louise Calment who holds Guinness record for the "oldest person ever." The woman, from Arles in southern France, was 122 when she died in 1997.
Guinness World Records said Blom is not currently being considered for an award.
"We receive many applications from individuals who claim to be the oldest living person (male or female) and see many reports about such individuals," a Guinness World Records spokeswoman said in a statement Tuesday to The Washington Post. "However, we ask for a great deal of paperwork and proof to substantiate claims that meet our official guidelines. We also work with various expert gerontologists and consultants who assist in the investigation of such claims to ensure our facts are correct."
But she said that if Blom wants to apply, Guinness will work to determine his eligibility.
It's not only Blom's long life that has made him a local celebrity, he is also still married.
His wife, Jeanette, who is about three decades younger than him, told CGTN that the couple met at a dance and developed a friendship that lasted 12 years. Eventually, she said, the two got married and have been together for nearly 50 years.
Born in 1904 in Adelaide in the Eastern Cape province, Blom never went to school to learn how to read or write, according to BBC News. He earned his education outdoors, hunting birds, and later went to work as a farm labourer, installing precast concrete walls throughout Cape Town. It wasn't until he reached his 80s that he retired.
Family members said he still works with his hands, "making fire" and working around the home.
"God says, 'honour your father and your mother then your future will be good,'" Blum told News 24.
A small plane crashed in New York's Long Island Wednesday, killing the pilot, according to local media reports.
The plane, which was part of the Geico Skytypers Airshow team, crashed in Suffolk County along Northcote Drive in Melville at around 1:52 p.m. local time, ABC 7 reported.
Photos of the wreckage were shared on social media by Long Island resident Lauren Peller. The SNJ-2 plane crashed right in front of her home.
— Lauren Peller (@lauren_peller) May 30, 2018
​According to the New York Post, the "propeller-type" plane broke into several pieces before crashing in a residential area. Though many trees were knocked down, the plane did not hit any houses.
The pilot, who has not yet been identified, was the only person inside the aircraft. No one on the ground was injured.
"It's extremely lucky that nothing was hit," David Kaplan, first assistant chief of Melville, said. "Houses were approximately 200 feet away."
The blaze that was ignited by the crash was put out in roughly 10 minutes by the Melville Fire Rescue.
— Lauren Peller (@lauren_peller) May 30, 2018
​Authorities are still investigating the cause of the crash.
The Geico Skytypers Airshow Team is a flight squadron of six vintage WWII planes performing precision flight maneuvers at air shows, according to the team's website.
​
[India], December 12 (ANI): After Prime Minister Narendra Modi became the first seaplane passenger in India, Union Minister of Road Transport and Highways Nitin Gadkari on Tuesday called it a "big revolution" in the field of transport.
Speaking to ANI, Gadkari said the first-ever flight by such a craft in the country can also be a revolutionary dream for the people of India.
"Today is a historical day as the Prime Minister traveled in a seaplane. Seaplane is a revolutionary factor in the field of transport. It will be a big revolution in the transport sector as India has huge potential," he said.
He further informed that within three months the government along with the Aviation Minister will formulate its rules and regulations and start seaplanes transport in different states by 2018. When asked if Prime Minister Modi commuting through seaplane has to do anything with the upcoming Gujarat election, Gadkari said, "As per rules and regulations, a Prime Minister can use any transport facility, it has nothing to do with Gujarat Election 2017. If Rahul Gandhi wants he can also use it, no politics in it. Infact, I feel proud that the Prime Minister of this country took the trial." Prime Minister Modi today travelled from Sabarmati River in Ahmedabad to Dharoi Dam via sea-plane. During a rally on Monday, the Prime Minister had said, "Tomorrow for the first time in the history of the country a sea-plane will land on the Sabarmati River. I will go to Ambaji in the sea-plane after landing in Dharoi dam and come back." Gujarat Chief Minister Vijay Rupani had said that this is for the first time in the history of the country that a sea-plane will land on a water body.(ANI)
Left-wing firebrand Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) may be a critic of capitalism, but she's proving to be a good fountain of money for those selling Warren-branded merchandise — from action figures to temporary tattoos.
With her tough stance on big banks and her ideological left-wing purity, Warren has a considerable fan base and is widely tipped as a presidential prospect for 2020 — and it seems many are cashing in.
advertisement
Politico reports that the liberal icon is a “merchandising industry unto herself,” particularly as she is apparently gearing up for a 2020 run, going so far as to call it a “Warren merchandising-industrial complex.”
Warren's own campaign store has a wide range of stuff available, from “Nevertheless she persisted” temporary tattoos (currently sold out) to tote bags and rally hats sporting the now-famous slogan from her spat with Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY).
After that fight with McConnell in February, the article notes that her team was trying to move product within 24 hours. It has since made more than half a million dollars in T-shirt sales alone.
“We wanted to capture the energy of the ‘she persisted' moment, but also incorporate themes that have been familiar to Sen. Warren's brand for years,” Frank Chi, a Democratic media strategist, told the outlet. “It's incredibly exciting to see the energy from ‘she persisted' continue to this day. But we also want to make sure folks know there's official merch they can buy that will help her win re-election.”
But Politico notes that most Warren merchandising takes place independently of Warren and her campaign — taking place on marketplaces online like Etsy and Amazon, where items such as bodysuits, cross-stitch patterns, and bracelets are on sale in tens of thousands of listings.
One San Diego team is even offering a prayer candle with Warren in armor in front of the Capitol Building for $12 a candle.
“We feel that Ms. Warren is a champion of women's causes, as well as standing up for the ‘little guy,' so we thought that a prayer candle honoring her was a worthy endeavor and would also help to give her more exposure,” Mike Espejo told Politico.
Warren will be hoping her viral fundraising may put her one step ahead of what is likely to be a packed Democratic field, which could include former Vice President Joe Biden, Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA), and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo.
Adam Shaw is a Breitbart News politics reporter based in New York. Follow Adam on Twitter: @AdamShawNY.
By Scott Sullivan
Editor
Former Saugatuck-Douglas Convention & Visitors Bureau executive director Felicia Fairchild has filed an arbitration demand with her ex-employer, the CVB board apprised members last week.
Fairchild, who resigned Dec. 7, 2016, after 27 years as the bureau's founding executive, has made claims of copyright infringement, merit pay, unreimbursed expenses, office furniture, slander and intentional infliction of emotional distress, the board memo says. She also seeks to recover attorney fees.
“We are working with legal counsel appointed by our insurance company to vigorously defend our organization against these claims,” the memo continues.
“With guidance from our counsel, we will keep you apprised of any updates we are able to share,” it says.
CVB board chair Andrew Milauckas confirmed Friday the memo was sent to members but declined to discuss it further for legal reasons.
Fairchild's demand, as a private matter, would go before the American Arbitration Association.
A tumultuous year for the bureau began last December when Fairchild announced she would not renew any full-time consulting agreement with the CVB a year shy of its expiration. The board accepted her letter and concluded her contract at year's end.
The bureau in October 2015 rolled out a five-year strategic tourism marketing plan broaching the possibility of increasing its 2-percent room assessment to 5 percent, as all but two other CVBs in Michigan have approved. The increase was expected to generate $429,000 in advertising funds.
An advisory board, appointed to follow through on that, asked then-director Fairchild to address policy and transparency concerns to build support among general members for the increase. She declined to renew her contract one year later.
The board June 21 hired former Sonoma County, Calif., Tourism president/ CEO Ken Fischang as new executive director, but terminated him Oct. 20. “Ken is great,” said Milauckas, “in a role as a leader, spokesman and representative who delegates tasks to others.
“But we need someone who can also execute tactical, day-to-day things. After a 90-day review, we decided this just wasn't a good fit.”
The bureau two weeks ago hired Rockford, Ill., Area CVB marketing and public relations affairs director Josh Albrecht as its third leader in the last 12 months. Albrecht is set to start work next week.
Weston and Ellinore are very adventurous cats, who love to explore new places. This time they made a trip to Lower Lena Lake in Washington, US, where they frisked around, crossed creeks and climbed rocks.
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
PAWTUCKET, R.I (WLNE) — Police are searching for a suspect who stole over $200 worth of shrimp from a Stop and Shop.
Pawtucket Police say the male suspect entered the supermarket on Cottage Street last week and stole nine bags of shrimp. The man fled in a silver car after putting the shrimp inside his own reusable bags.
The suspect is described as a white male approximately in his forties or early fifties. He was wearing a blue and red jacket with black sweatshirt, and blue jeans.
If anyone has any information on this suspect, contact police at 401-727-9100 ext 756.
©WLNE-TV/ABC6 2018
The buildup is over, and the memo is out. So what does the newly released four-page document from House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes and his committee staff mean for the Russia investigation, key figures at the Justice Department and President Donald Trump?
Scroll for more content...
The memo has sparked days worth of charges and counter-charges. The Republican memo alleges FBI and Justice Department abuses of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, accusing the FBI of improperly using information paid for in part by Hillary Clinton's campaign to obtain a FISA warrant for Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page. Democrats have blasted the memo as a misleading document that omits key facts about the Page FISA application, accusing Republicans of using the memo to try to undermine special counsel Robert Mueller's probe.
The memo was also approved for release by the White House over the strong objections of the FBI and Justice Department, with the FBI even releasing a public statement expressing "grave concern" at the memo's omissions, putting Trump at odds with his own FBI chief.
Now that the memo is public, here are five key takeaways about what's behind the controversial four-page document and its potential fallout:
1) McCabe's testimony key to unlocking the veracity of the Republican allegations
The central allegation in the Nunes memo is buried near the end of the four-page document: "(FBI) Deputy Director (Andrew) McCabe testified before the committee in December 2017 that no surveillance warrant would have been sought from the FISC (FISA court) without the Steele dossier information."
Much of the memo is focused on the opposition dossier on Trump and Russia written by ex-British intelligence agent Christopher Steele -- and how Steele's indirect payments from Democrats and anti-Trump views weren't disclosed to the FISA court.
But the allegations against Steele are only as significant as Steele's dossier is to the larger FBI FISA application. The Republican memo charges that it's essential, citing the McCabe testimony, but Democrats dispute that characterization.
"If you look at the whole of Mr. McCabe's testimony, what he was describing is that the FISA application relies on all the components within the application, each and every component," said Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee. "And only in that sense is it fair to say, well, if you take out any piece of it then does that mean that the application would not be complete?"
The only way to know for sure whose story aligns with McCabe's testimony? Release the transcript.
2) The dossier didn't start the Trump-Russia investigation
The Nunes memo focuses on the dossier's use in the Page FISA warrant, but the memo also undercuts its own argument by noting that the FISA application also included information regarding Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos, suggesting there was intelligence beyond the dossier.
The memo also confirms it was not the dossier that sparked the FBI's investigation into Trump and Russia -- but rather it was Papadopoulos, whose conversations with a professor connected to the Russian government promising dirt on Clinton were relayed to the FBI through the Australian government.
While the memo attempts to make the point there was no evidence connecting Papadopoulos to Page, it really confirms a larger piece of the overall Russia investigation into by stating that the FBI counterintelligence investigation was "triggered" by Papadopoulos in July 2016, months before the Page FISA application was filed.
3) Rosenstein plays a minor role, but...
Before the memo was released Friday, conservatives suggested it would implicate senior FBI and Justice Department officials, including Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.
Rosenstein is key to the Russia investigation because he has the power to fire Mueller, after Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from the Russia matter. Earlier this week, Trump had told his associates and aides he wanted the memo released, believing it could discredit the agency investigating possible collusion between his campaign associates and Russia.
Rosenstein is only mentioned once in the memo itself, as one of multiple officials who signed one of the three FISA renewals for Page.
While that shows Rosenstein has a role in the Page FISA warrants, the fact there have been three renewals also means that a FISA judge was convinced that the surveillance was yielding information about the target acting as an agent of a foreign power that merited continued monitoring.
Will that matter to Trump? Trump isn't saying whether he will fire Rosenstein, but he also did not exactly give him a vote of confidence Friday.
"You figure that one out," Trump said with a scowl when asked by reporters in the Oval Office if he was considering firing his deputy attorney general.
One way to read the tea leaves about Rosenstein's fate in the memo: Other officials he's listed alongside approving FISA warrants include former FBI Director James Comey (fired by Trump), former acting Attorney General Sally Yates (fired by Trump) and McCabe (stepped down this week).
4) It's all about credibility (and undermining it)
The dossier's central charges are intended to diminish the credibility of Steele and those around him.
Steele lost his credibility, the memo alleges, for being anti-Trump. For talking to the press. And for writing a product only minimally corroborated -- suggesting he shouldn't have been a credible source for the FBI to use in the FISA application.
In addition to being paid by Democrats, Steele is accused of telling Justice Department official Bruce Ohr he was "desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being president."
The memo also criticizes Steele for his media contacts with Yahoo News, and accuses him of lying and concealing them from the FBI, ruining his past status as a reliable source on the FBI's 2010 investigation into FIFA, the soccer governing body.
"Steele's numerous encounters with the media violated the cardinal rule of source handling -- maintaining confidentiality -- and demonstrated that Steele had become a less than reliable source for the FBI," the memo states, while acknowledging "Steele's past record of credible reporting on other unrelated matters."
But Steele's role providing key information to the FBI in its past FIFA investigation would carry significant weight with the court. Stephen Vladeck, a CNN legal analyst and professor at the University of Texas School of Law, said the Nunes memo leaves out "all the rest of the information that the government was relying on to get the warrant."
"The memo makes an assumption by looking at one sliver instead of the whole pie," he said.
The memo also attacks the credibility of the dossier itself, citing that corroboration was in its "infancy" when the Page warrant was filed and later assessed as only "minimally corroborated" -- which also does acknowledge that some of the dossier was in fact corroborated, despite Trump's claims it's a hoax.
5) Any bipartisanship for the House Russia investigation is officially gone
The House Intelligence Committee's Russia investigation has been roiled by politics for nearly a year now, stemming back from when Nunes stepped aside from the probe amid an Ethics Committee investigation he was later cleared for. Still, the committee has managed somewhat to work together on the Russia probe under Texas Republican Rep. Mike Conaway to bring in a stream of Trump and Obama officials.
But any last hopes that the committee would sit down to write a report together on its findings is out the window.
Even before the Nunes memo, most lawmakers were resigned to the idea that they would end up with two conflicting reports -- a Republican version concluding there's no evidence of collusion and a Democratic one highlighting all the areas where the committee failed to sufficiently investigate.
Now the two sides have been at each other's throats for the past two weeks over the Nunes memo, and the committee's members don't expect that to dissipate when they return, even if Nunes' role in the Russia probe stays behind the scenes.
× Woman killed in Ramona plane crash identified
PAMO VALLEY, Calif. — A 21-year-old woman killed in a weekend plane crash in a remote back-country area north of Ramona was identified Tuesday by the Department of the Medical Examiner.
The death of Shaira Noor was confirmed by the other two occupants who were able to walk away from the crash.
Personnel with the Federal Aviation Administration, the San Diego County Sheriff's Department and the Medical Examiner's Office retrieved the body from the wreckage of the Cessna 172 about 10:30 a.m. Monday, roughly 20 hours after the aircraft went down in the rural Pamo Valley area.
Two other occupants of the plane, men ages 25 and 28, escaped serious injury when it crashed for unknown reasons during an instructional flight about 2:30 p.m. Sunday. They were able to hike out of the immediate area and use their cellphones to call for help, telling authorities they were not sure exactly where they were, according to Cal Fire.
About an hour later, searchers located the downed plane in an area inaccessible to motor vehicles and rescued the men. Both of them were taken to a hospital to be treated for non-life-threatening trauma.
At the time of the crash, the Cessna, registered to American Aviation Academy, was flying out of Gillespie Field in El Cajon as an instructor/student flight.
The FAA is investigating the accident.
BEIJING (Sputnik) — State Council Premier Li Keqiang also expressed his condolences to Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim. On Sunday, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi addressed a letter of condolences to his Turkish counterpart Mevlut Cavusoglu.
"China strongly condemns this attack and opposes any form of terrorism. China intends to increase cooperation with Turkey and the international community in order to jointly prevent and react to the threat of terrorism," Xi said, as quoted by the Xinhua news agency.
At least 39 people were killed, including more than 20 foreigners, almost 70 were injured as a result of the attack on Istanbul's Reina nightclub. The attacker is said to have opened fire from a Kalashnikov assault rifle. A manhunt is underway.
Daesh has claimed responsibility for the attack.
The fetchingly named 2014-JO25 asteroid will pass Earth at the comfortable remove of some 1.1 million miles, or about four times that of the distance between our planet and the moon.
The largest space rock to pass Earth since 2004's 3.1-mile-wide monster 4179 Toutatis hurtled by, the spinning JO25 measures some 2000 feet in width, and has an unusually reflective surface, according to NASA.
"Although there is no possibility for the asteroid to collide with our planet, this will be a very close approach for an asteroid this size," stated the US space agency.
The zooming space rock will not be visible to the naked eye, but amatuer astronomers can view the event using telescopes or powerful binoculars.
NASA, ever vigilant to identify potential threats to the Earth from approaching asteroids, will monitor the flyby using radar telescopes in California and Puerto Rico, to "reveal surface details as small as a few meters."
The space agency has referred to the upcoming celestial event as an "outstanding opportunity to study this asteroid."
For the Independence Day holiday, Tampa Bay Buccaneers defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul gave a timely reminder on the dangers of fireworks by posting graphic photos of his hand after it was mangled three years ago.
The 2011 Super Bowl champion took to his Instagram account to post the gut-wrenching photos of his hand destroyed by fireworks three years ago in 2015, Pro Football Talk reported.
The damage to his hand was so bad that doctors had to amputate his right index finger and a portion of his thumb. The player also lost part of his middle finger in the accident.
“It's been three years since my accident, and I can truly say I'm very blessed and fortunate to be where I am in life. Looking at these pictures seems unreal and crazy. How your life can change in the blink of an eye. One of the greatest American traditions in celebrating 4th of July is with fireworks,” Pierre-Paul said on the July 3 Instagram post.
“Unfortunately, tomorrow someone will be injured playing with fireworks. We are celebrating the birthday of our great nation,” the player added. “I'm glad to still be alive to show you the outcome of what happened to me. Please don't feel sorry for me, trust me your boy fine even with missing fingers lol. Be safe out there otherwise, this can be you.”
Pierre-Paul was a member of the New York Giants at the time of his accident and up missing most of the 2015 season. He was traded to Tampa Bay for the 2018 season.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.
April 10 SNP Schneider Neureither & Partner AG :
* Forges ahead with internationalization / conversion into a european company (SE) is planned
* Executive board and supervisory board will propose to general meeting conversion into a Societas Europaea (SE) and creation of authorized capital
* Are proposing to general meeting creation of authorized capital corresponding to up to 20 pct of current share capital, i.e. up to 995,357 euros Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Twenty-five European Union member states, including Cyprus, on Monday moved closer towards establishing a defence union, after the European Council adopted the creation of a new European defence and security cooperation network known as Pesco.
Signing for Cyprus was foreign minister Ioannis Kasoulides.
The Permanent Structured Cooperation (Pesco), first set out in the Lisbon Treaty, will allow members states to jointly develop military capabilities, invest in shared projects and enhance their respective armed forces.
European defence ministers from 23 member states had initially signed a joint notification on Pesco on November 13.
On December 7, Portugal and Ireland announced their decision to join, bringing the total number of contributing members up to 25.
The countries not taking part in Pesco are Malta, Denmark – which has special opt-out status – and Britain which is leaving the bloc.
However, these countries could join at any point in the future.
Federica Mogherini, the EU's High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs, called the move “historic.”
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker hailed the move on Twitter, posting: “She is awake, the Sleeping Beauty of the Lisbon Treaty: Permanent Structured Cooperation is happening.
“I welcome the operational steps taken today by Member States to lay the foundations of a European #DefenceUnion. Our security cannot be outsourced.”
Officials have earmarked 17 joint projects that will fall under the scope of the Pesco agreement. These include establishing a pan-European military training centre and improving capability development.
According to a European Commission press release, the European Defence Fund, launched in June of this year, provides for €500 million in total for 2019 and 2020, and €1 billion per year after 2020.
“A more substantial programme will be prepared for post-2020, with an estimated annual budget of €1 billion. The programme will leverage national financing with an expected multiplying effect of 5. It could therefore generate a total investment in defence capability development of €5 billion per year after 2020.”
Military integration and interoperability is seen as a key step towards greater federalisation in the EU.
In a speech in Berlin last week, German SDP party leader Martin Schulz called for the creation of a ‘United States of Europe' by 2025.
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) - This has been an issue that has divided City Leaders for more than two years. Tomorrow, the City Council will meet discuss how to properly regulate short-term rentals. One plan was written by Councilwoman Barbara Bry, and is supported by Councilwoman Lori Zapf. Their plan allows homeowners with a permit to rent out their primary residences only and homes can be rented out on a short-term basis for no more than 90 days per year.
The other plan was written by council members Scott Sherman, Chris Cate, David Alvarez, and Chris Ward. Their plan allows homeowners with permits to rent up to three units. A three night minimum stay is required, and the homeowners permit will be revoked after three strikes.
On pastel-colored garden chairs under olive trees, young, well-dressed South Africans sit drinking smoothies. Passers-by of all ethnicities walk by, laden with files, shopping bags and selfie sticks – even though this is the middle of Johannesburg, one of the most dangerous cities in South Africa.
The regenerated precinct of Maboneng in the middle of Johannesburg's inner city
In the 1990s, the city's center was abandoned. Its decay is considered a consequence of the apartheid regime, after the end of which businesses moved to the suburbs and left many empty buildings. Many were taken over by squatters. To this day most people live in disgraceful conditions. In addition, a crime wave swept through Johannesburg and its center became a no-go area.
A Vision
Then urban entrepreneur Jonathan Liebmann came along. Now 35, he began to buy property in the notorious city center in 2009, and created his own precinct between Jeppestown and the inner-city suburb of Doornfontein. He called it Maboneng, which means "place of light" in Sotho. It all began with the Arts on Main creative complex, which contains small galleries, boutiques, cafés and apartments.
David Durbach owns a record shop and label and works as a DJ
In 2010, David Durbach, who owns the Afrosynth record shop, was one of the first to move in. "I didn't want to live in a traditional district, behind walls, separated according to origin and income. I looked for a place where the most diverse people live well together," he explains. "Maboneng has its own vibe, inspiring and almost magical."
The streets of Maboneng are especially full on Sundays. The Arts on Main food market is fragrant with the scents of regional spices; people push their way through the small hall, past the colorful stalls, enjoying freshly squeezed juices and ice cream. The market is so popular that another one has developed on Fox Street in front of it.
Shopping on the Street Market in Maboneng
From no-go area to hipster neighborhood
Here in the heart of Maboneng anyone can take a carefree stroll past the many street artworks, drink a coffee In Living Room, a rooftop eco-café, shop for clothes at local designers in NewBrow, and enjoy typical African dishes in Pata Pata. You'll look in vain for major American chains. "We want to support local products and ideas," says Bheki Dube. At 26, he's an entrepreneur, hostel owner and member of the Maboneng Civic Association. "Because the city does nothing, several residents got together," says Bheki. He says the mayor endorses the association. "99 percent of the costs are borne privately, from street cleaning to landscaping to security guards."
Bheki Dube in his world: The former photographer is now a self-made entrepreneur
They stand on every street corner here, including in front of Bheki's hostel, Curiocity Backpackers. The welcoming building is at the beginning of Fox Street, where Maboneng begins. In the hostel, Johannesburg industrial design meets the world: it's the first stop for backpackers and solo travelers. Just a street away, things look very different: shattered window panes instead of freshly-painted walls, piles of trash instead of tubs of flowers, scrap collectors instead of hipsters.
The other side of the coin: on this corner near Fox Street, nothing hints at the hip precinct nearby
Two faces of Johannesburg
"It would be a lie to say there are no tensions," says Bheki, who comes from this area himself and is the son of a single mother, "but they're part of the transformation. If we don't start projects like Maboneng, no one will do so and nothing will improve." Affordable rents aim to give people the opportunity to start their own businesses in Maboneng. The target group is young entrepreneurs and creatives. The traditional residents, who often live in vacated buildings, can't afford the rents.
Robert Chifunyise works as a manager in Hallmark House
"Gentrification is a sensitive issue in South Africa," says Robert Chifunyise, hotel manager in Hallmark House, a former diamond polishing factory from the 1970s. Now it's a stylish building with something different on each floor: a hotel, apartments, a jazz bar, a café and soon a rooftop bar. "There are many vacant and unoccupied buildings in Maboneng, Hallmark House was one of them. Nobody was thrown out here."
Hallmark House: modern industrial design as a reminder of the building's past
Although much has been done in the district, Johannesburg's inner city's reputation is improving only gradually. “Locals are more frightened than tourists. Europeans in particular like to come here,” says Robert. “They're used to walking through city centers.” They can do that in Maboneng.
Maboneng's nightlife is popular, people can party without a care
After sunset the streets in Maboneng are still full. Stylishly-clad people flock to the bars and clubs, where they can party without worrying, and it seems as if the only problem is choosing the right drink. "Maboneng is a role model for all of Africa. Here we live in a community and everyone is welcome," says Bheki Dube. Unfortunately, it's not quite that easy.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — A search and rescue mission has been launched for a missing Royal Malaysia Air Force aircraft, local media cited the air force as saying in a statement Thursday.
Royal Malaysian Air Force says a Hawk 108 fighter jet is feared missing around north Kuantan after losing contact at 11.30am pic.twitter.com/gWCBKJlwgL — Amy Chew (@AmyChewCNA) 15 июня 2017 г.
"The aircraft departed from the Kuantan air base at 11am [03:00 GMT] and lost contact at 11.30am near the Pahang-Terengganu border," Channel News Asia said.
Defense Minister Hishammuddin Hussein has received the "troubling news" and said he hopes everybody is safe.
University of Oklahoma regents have decided to create a new entity to run OU Medical Systems.
The Journal Record reports that regents voted unanimously Friday to take control of the hospital and clinic systems by forming an affiliation agreement with newly created nonprofit OU Medicine Inc.
The new agreement was spurred by the breakup of the system's former operator, Tennessee-based Hospital Corp. of America Holdings Inc.
OU Health Sciences Center Provost and Senior Vice President Jason Sanders says the integrated model will give the university more control.
The agreement will last for 50 years and can be extended in 20-year terms. Under the agreement, the university and the nonprofit will review terms every two years and have the ability to amend it if needed.
Several state and local authorities still need to approve the deal.
SAN DIEGO — A baby was rescued from a parked vehicle Wednesday afternoon in the South Bay.
Just after 1 p.m., San Diego police received reports that a baby had been left alone in a car with windows rolled up at the South Bay Swap Meet at 2170 Coronado Avenue in Imperial Beach.
When police and paramedics arrived, they found a security guard and others taking the child out of the vehicle.
Paramedics evaluated the child and determined there was no need to take it to a hospital.
Child Protective Services is investigating the incident.
RAELENE Castle will become the first woman to run a football code in Australia when she is formally announced as the ARU's new chief executive on Tuesday.
The former NRL Bulldogs boss beat out former Wallabies captain Phil Kearns for the top job, one of the toughest roles in Australia's sporting landscape.
Castle will break ground as Australian rugby's first chief executive and will be tasked with turning the struggling code around after a disastrous 2017 that saw the ARU plunged into crisis after their decision to axe Western Force from Super Rugby, and poor performances by the Wallabies and Australian Super teams.
Castle resigned from the Bulldogs in May, and was first linked to the ARU's top job by the Daily Telegraph in June.
Camera Icon Former Bulldogs CEO Raelene Castle will be announced as the ARU's new chief executive on Tuesday. Picture: AAP
She will replace outgoing boss Bill Pulver, who announced he would step down following the formal axing of the Force after two court challenges.
A New Zealander, Castle will also become Australian rugby's first foreign chief executive, although she was born in the NSW town of Wagga Wagga.
It was evident a fortnight ago that the race for the top job was between Castle and Kearns, though at that stage Kearns was favourite.
However, there was a shift in the days since then, and the under-fire ARU board has decided to go with the outsider.
Among the challenges for Castle will be to unify the several warring parties in the game, from Super Rugby level down to club and suburban organisations.
Pulver was unable to achieve unity during his tenure, and in fact the game has never been as divided as it is now with Sydney club rugby heavily critical of the ARU's lack of support, and Force supporters fuming over the loss of their team.
The ARU remains in negotiations with billionaire mining magnate Andrew “Twiggy” Forrest about his proposed 2019 Indo-Pacific Rugby Championship, and this will be another tricky issue for Castle to negotiate.
The ARU was forced to axe the Perth Super Rugby franchise due to serious financial issues. They released figures recently saying they would have been insolvent by 2019 had they retained five Super Rugby teams.
Forrest has blasted the ARU over their handling of the process and is growing increasingly frustrated in talks with the board over his planned tournament.
The sub-par performances of Australia's teams in last year's Super Rugby competition — they finished with 29 defeats from as many games against Kiwi teams — has led to serious financial bleeding among the franchises.
That was also compounded by the Wallabies' 15th successive Bledisloe Cup failure against the All Blacks, resulting in poor crowds and ratings.
A poor finish to the international season, that included back-to-back losses against England and Scotland, has not left the Australian rugby public with much optimism for 2018.
Castle, who ran New Zealand Netball before taking the Bulldogs job, must ensure the various fractured elements within the code can unite and produce stronger performances.
This is essential if the ARU is to have any bargaining power when the next round of broadcast rights are negotiated for 2021.
JOHANNESBURG - The Democratic Alliance (DA) has welcomed the suspension of South African Revenue Service (SARS) Commissioner Tom Moyane, saying that it also demands a full investigation of the revenue service under Moyane's leadership.
The Presidency announced late on Monday that Moyane was "suspended with immediate effect" pending the institution of disciplinary proceedings.
President Cyril Ramaphosa said Moyane's suspension was in the public interest to restore the credibility of SARS without delay.
Ramaphosa said that developments at the Sars under Moyane's leadership have resulted in a deterioration in public confidence in the institution and in public finances being compromised and that for the sake of the country and the economy, this situation cannot be allowed to continue or to worsen.
The Presidency said that concern was raised in particular about the manner in which Moyane handled the matter of former senior tax officer Jonas Makwakwa and the management of VAT refunds, which had brought the Sars into serious disrepute and potentially jeopardised the integrity of the Sars and adversely affected tax morality among tax payers.
Last week, Moyane announced the resignation of Makwakwa after he was cleared of charges of misconduct. Makwakwa, who was the chief officer for business and individual tax, resigned with immediate effect after working at Sars for 22 years.
Makwakwa was suspended and investigated over suspicious payments into his bank account. The payments were red-flagged by the Financial Intelligence Centre in 2016, and Moyane was forced to suspend Makwakwa after this was reported in the media.
Moyane had earlier on Monday held a meeting with Ramaphosa in which he was offered an opportunity to resign with immediate effect, but he declined.
DA spokesperson on finance, Alf Lees, Tweeted that it was strange that Ramaphosa waited until the eleventh hour to suspend Moyane as he was due to appear before Parliament on Tuesday.
"The DA welcomes the suspension of Tom Moyane as Commissioner of Sars. This step is long overdue given the destruction of the reputation of SARS whilst under the leadership of Tom Moyane. This, in turn, has led to a severe decline in taxpayer morality," Lees said.
"Whilst the resignation of Makwakwa and the suspension of Moyane as SARS Commissioner is welcomed it is not the end of the matter, a new and respected person must be appointed as the SARS Commissioner and the full investigation of SARS management under Moyane is demanded."
Meanwhile, the Presidency said that Finance Minister Nhlanhla Nene is expected to announce the appointment of an acting Sars commissioner soon.
Mark Kingon, who replaced Makwakwa as as acting chief officer of business and individual taxes (BAIT), had been appointed as action Commissioner of Sars.
Kingon, a respected senior executive who has risen through the ranks of the organisation, has been with Sars since its establishment for close to 34 years. He is currently the group executive of relationship management within BAIT.
Lees also said that the DA welcomes Kingon's appointment as acting SARS Commissioner, urging him "to take action to restore Sars reputation including ensuring that [former president] Jacob Zuma pays fringe benefits tax on his Nkandla palace".
- African News Agency (ANA)
Life is good again if you are a Lakers fan finally.
Scroll for more content...
CBSLA's Cristy Fajardo headed to LA Live where Lakers fans are talking title after Sunday's news that LeBron James agreed to a four-year, $154 million deal with the team.
"What an emotional day here because even though we know that this is Kobe's house we know that LeBron James welcome baby," said Lakers fan Christian Barry outside of Staples Center.
"Kareem, Shaq and LeBron. Come on. We will welcome you with open arms. Lakers are back," said another fan.
LA Mayor Eric Garcetti took to Twitter to send a message about King James coming to LA.
But for those without legions of followers, the celebration was at Staples Center. Mark Gilbert is new to LA and is now a newly minted Lakers fan.
"I'm beyond excited because of the fact that I've always wanted to live in the same city of my favorite player," said Gilbert.
It just got a whole lot more expensive to be a Lakers fan. Before the announcement on StubHub season tickets started at $3,500. They now start at $6,000.
Nine players have signed part-time professional contracts with the Saints following a successful Scholarship.
Lewis Baxter, Ben Betts, Harry Brooks and Lewis Dodd join Zack Lee, twin brothers Harvey and Keenan McDaid, Jamie Pye and Jamah Sambou in penning deals with the club.
Player Performance Manager Neil Kilshaw said: “Following a very successful scholarship programme we are delighted to welcome our new nine signings into the under 19s Academy.
“All nine of the players have consistently demonstrated hard work and commitment, alongside natural talent for Rugby League and we are excited about their potential development in the next few years.
“They are a credit to their community clubs, schools and all those coaches that have an involvement in their development over the years.
“The players will now finish their under 16s season with their respective community clubs before we integrate them into the under 19s squad for the 2019 season.”
Lewis Baxter is a back row forward from Wigan St Judes. He is a great line runner and scored four tries in five games in Scholarship programme this season.
Ben Betts is a second row forward from Leigh Miners. He is an athletic, determined character with a huge work-rate in both facets of the game.
Harry Brooks played his junior rugby at Liverpool Lions before moving to Blackbrook. He is a hard-working prop who stands at 6ft 5”. Despite his young age he has shown a lot of potential already and will continue to improve.
Lewis Dodd is an outstanding half back who plays for the successful Halton Hornets side who are in the Under 16s National Cup Final. He has represented England u16s, possesses a great kicking game and is mature beyond his years.
Zack Lee is a strong defensive forward who carries the ball hard. He joined our Scholarship programme from Wigan after playing at Shevington.
Harvey McDaid is a skilful fullback from Halton Hornets. He represented Wales in their successful under 16s performance v England.
His twin brother Keenan is a tough, energetic hooker from the Hornets. He has represented Wales too.
Jamie Pye is a prop forward from Thatto Heath. He is a tough, uncompromising forward who hits and carries hard.
Finally, Jamah Sambou is from Woolston Rovers. He is a strong and skilful centre, with lots of natural talent, and should go well at Academy level.
The players will be presented to the fans at half time on Friday.
Jose Mourinho said Manchester United would fight for a top-four finish in the Premier League until it was "mathematically impossible" after a 3-0 victory at Sunderland on Sunday.
Goals by Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Marcus Rashford eased United to a vital three points after drawing six of their previous nine Premier League games.
They are unbeaten in their last 21 league games but Mourinho's side, who moved above Arsenal into fifth place, are still four points behind Manchester City with a game in hand.
Liverpool, in third place, are six ahead of United having played two games more.
"We want to fight in the Premier League until it is mathematically impossible. The Premier League we cannot win, but Europa League we can," Mourinho said.
"We had lots of players that were not here today and the most important thing after the three points was to have no more injuries. The result was good. We resisted the results of yesterday when Manchester City and Liverpool won."
United, who are in the quarter-finals of the Europa League, were without first-choice goalkeeper David de Gea but his deputy Sergio Romero had an easy afternoon in the Sunderland sunshine.
With a Champions League spot available for the winners of the Europa League, that is arguably their more likely route back into the elite competition and they face a quarter-final, first leg at home to Anderlecht on Thursday.
They then host Premier league leaders Chelsea next weekend.
Mourinho said Romero would play against Anderlecht.
"(De Gea) has a problem with his hip. When he dives he feels it a little bit. It's good for him to have a rest," Mourinho said. "It's good for Sergio Romero to play before Anderlecht.
"De Gea will probably be fit for Chelsea."
Sunderland manager David Moyes said his side would keep fighting, even if they look doomed.
They have equalled the second-worst run of Premier League games without a goal having not scored for seven games and are 10 points adrift of 17th-placed Hull City.
"We keep going. We have another home game next Saturday and we have to try and win it," Moyes said.
"We do some good things but just lack a bit of quality but it's not for the want of trying.
"The boys are doing everything they can."
(Reporting by Martyn Herman, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Talk about from drab to fab: An area previously used as a storage space on top of Westminster Abbey will open as a gallery to the public for the first time ever on June 11.
While the Abbey had a smaller museum in the 11th-century undercroft off the cloisters until 2015, the new gallery offers space for four times as many objects for a total of 300. The Queen's Diamond Jubilee Galleries have been set up to unveil the story of Westminster Abbey in four parts: Building Westminster Abbey, Worship and Daily Life, Westminster Abbey and the Monarchy and The Abbey and National Memory.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Coronation Chair of Queen Mary II, who reigned from 1689-94. Nils Jorgensen/REX/Shutterstock
Replicas of (from left) St Edward's crown, the orb with cross for King Charles' 1661 coronation and Queen Victoria's Imperial State Crown made in 1838. Nils Jorgensen/REX/Shutterstock
Some items on display will include Prince William and Kate Middleton‘s marriage license (the Abbey has hosted 17 royal weddings), Queen Mary II's coronation chair used for William III and Mary's joint coronation in 1689 and the Westminster Retable, the oldest surviving altarpiece in England.
Funeral effigies of Kind William III (reigned 1689-1702) and Queen Mary II. Nils Jorgensen/REX/Shutterstock
The funeral effigy of Edmund Sheffield, 2nd Duke of Buckingham (1716-35). Nils Jorgensen/REX/Shutterstock
To make the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Galleries — named because fundraising efforts kicked off in 2012 during the 60th year of Queen Elizabeth‘s reign — accessible to guests, the Abbey added an external tower outside Poets' Corner, across from the Houses of Parliament. The structure is 80 feet high with a staircase winding around it, with the gallery itself landing 52 feet above the Abbey's floor. The creation of the tower marks the first physical addition to the Abbey church since its towers by Nicholas Hawksmoor were completed in 1745.
The view from the new Queen's Diamond Jubilee Galleries of Westminster Abbey. Nils Jorgensen/REX/Shutterstock
Another angle of the view from the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Galleries. Nils Jorgensen/REX/Shutterstock
Visitors will be able to take in the West Window, the Cosmati pavement and the entire Gothic nave from the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Galleries, a vista 20th century poet Sir John Betjeman called the “best view in Europe.”
The 65th anniversary of the Queen's coronation is June 2. She is the longest-reigning monarch in history.
Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated her late on Tuesday.
MANHATTAN, Kan. (AP) – Kansas State is discussing a contract extension for basketball coach Bruce Weber, who was thought to be on the hot seat last season before guiding the Wildcats back to the NCAA Tournament.
University President Richard Myers said during a news conference Monday to introduce new athletic director Gene Taylor that he thought Weber was deserving of an extension. Weber has two years left on a deal that will pay him $2.15 million next seasons. Weber is 100-68 in five seasons with the Wildcats.
Taylor was hired last week to replace John Currie, who departed for a similar role at Tennessee. It was Currie who hired Weber to replace Frank Martin and subsequently signed him to two contract extensions.
Myers declined to discuss parameters of a contract extension.
SOUTH Australia's newest Liberal Senator was all smiles with her new colleagues, just 12 hours after joining the party ranks.
Senator Lucy Gichuhi met with Federal Education Minister Simon Birmingham and state Opposition Leader Steven Marshall at Adelaide Central Market on Saturday.
Camera Icon Federal Education Minister Senator Simon Birmingham, Senator Lucy Gichuhi and State Liberal Leader Steven Marshall at the Adelaide Central Markets on Saturday. AAP/MIKE BURTON Picture: News Corp Australia
She told reporters joining the Liberal Party was the first ever political decision she had made since entering Parliament in May, replacing former Family First senator Bob Day.
Mr Day was found not to be validly elected by the High Court.
She said she'd never changed her political allegiances, insisting Family First disappeared on her when it merged with the Australian Conservatives.
“I came here like an ordinary mum and dad, found myself in Family First, and it's my party who disappeared,” she said.
Camera Icon PM Malcolm Turnbull and Senator Lucy Gichuhi were all smiles in Canberra also. Picture: News Corp Australia
“I couldn't make that decision and I needed to study and understand what politics is all about, how to serve South Australia, and that is what I was doing for nine months.
“So I'm not changing anything. This is my first political, ever, decision I've made.”
Senator Birmingham said Senator Gichuhi would be a strong advocate for SA and Liberal values.
A little Hogwarts rivalry isn't stopping Ariana Grande and Pete Davidson from showing off their new love.
On Wednesday, the Saturday Night Live star, 24, made their relationship Instagram-official by posting a new photo on his Instagram account of him and the singer, also 24, posing in their wizard robes.
“The chamber of secrets has been opened,” the comedian captioned the photo, which revealed their Hogwarts houses.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
In the snap, Grande coyly smiles at the camera while wearing a Slytherin robe while Davidson — with his arm around the entertainer — proudly sports a Gryffindor top and robe.
The “No Tears Left to Cry” singer also shared a snap on her own Instagram account, reminding her fans of her loyalty to the House of Slytherin. “In case u forgot,” she captioned the photo of her Slytherin sweatshirt.
Back in 2015, Grande told Tom Felton — who played Slytherin's Draco Malfoy in the Harry Potter movies — that she had been sorted into the reptilian house.
pottermore said slytherin but i'll take it☁️ “@tomfelton: @arianagrande I got asked by huff post what house youd be in. I went w Gryffindor” — Ariana Grande (@ArianaGrande) January 23, 2015
RELATED: Ariana Grande and Pete Davidson End Memorial Day Together by Roasting Marshmallows
Grande and Davidson have been heating up since they began dating several weeks ago. Over Memorial Day Weekend, the couple — who started seeing each other after Grande's breakup from rapper Mac Miller — roasted marshmallows together.
Davidson was also on hand to support his new girlfriend backstage at the Billboard Music Awards on May 20 where she performed her new single.
The two have known each other since at least 2016 when the singer hosted SNL.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va - The Junior League of Richmond powers several major projects in the greater Richmond region. President of the Junior League of Richmond, Sue Patow and Special Events Assistant Chair, Susan Graham shared about the 2nd Annual 'Little Black Dress' initiative. The 2nd Annual 'Little Black Dress Initiative'
is March 19-23.
Facebook: @JLRichmondVA Instagram: @JLofRichmond
For more information and to donate visit, http://www.jlrichmond.org/home/support/little-black-dress-initiative/
{THIS SEGMENT IS SPONSORED BY THE JUNIOR LEAGUE OF RICHMOND}
FILE PHOTO -- Logos of KFC, owned by Yum Brands Inc, are seen on its delivery bicycles in front of its restaurant in Beijing February 25, 2013. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
SHANGHAI Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC.N) posted a slight rise in first-quarter same-store sales, helped by a jump in takeout demand and improvement at its flagging Pizza Hut brand as the newly spun-off firm looks to revive growth in the world's second-biggest economy.
The operator of fried chicken outlet KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell in China saw same-store sales rise one percent in the quarter, ahead of analyst forecasts of a 0.7 percent decline, according to researcher Consensus Metrix. That helped lift the firm's shares 10 percent after market close.
The small bump, compared with flat same-store sales in the last quarter of 2016, is a positive note for the fast-food giant which started trading as a stand-alone company in November and has been battling to turn around sluggish growth.
Yum China, previously the Chinese unit of Yum Brands Inc (YUM.N), has seen food safety scares and changing consumer tastes drag on growth. Prior to the spin-off, China had been the main profit and sales driver for Yum Brands.
"We expect to face many exciting opportunities and also challenges in the marketplace," said Yum China Chief Executive Micky Pant in an analyst call on Thursday, adding the result marked a "solid start" to the year helped by delivery sales that were up around 40 percent.
Yum China saw operating profit grow 22 percent for the quarter, helped by a reduced tax bill brought about by local reforms, but hit by currency exchange losses and rising labour and food costs.
That growth helped the chain amass $1.25 billion (1 billion pounds) in free cash, which it said it would look to invest in new or overhauled stores, potential opportunities outside its core business, or to pay back shareholders through dividends or buying back shares.
"We are examining cash deployment opportunities right across the spectrum from growing our core business, to growing beyond our core and finally returning excess cash to shareholders," Pant said.
The chain, which has 7,663 outlets in the country, said it remained on track to open 550 to 600 restaurants this year while delivering double-digit growth in operating profit, excluding adjustments for foreign exchange.
Same-store sales in its Pizza Hut casual dining business rose 2 percent, their first rise in over two years, although Pant noted this was against a weak comparative quarter in 2016.
Sales at KFC outlets rose 1 percent, helped by increased promotions celebrating the Lunar New Year and 30th anniversary of KFC in China. Analysts had expected a fall of 2.4 percent.
Total revenue fell 1.5 percent to $1.28 billion, but beat the average analyst estimate of $1.27 billion.
Pant added 2017 was a "very significant" year for the firm - its first full year as a standalone company as well as marking three decades since the first KFC outlet in Beijing.
The anniversary was behind a planned year-long "back to 1987" campaign, aiming to evoke the brand's history in China where as an aspiring, imported brand it saw stellar sales growth for many years until a sharp slowdown in 2013.
"This is a great way to make a nostalgic connection with consumers across China many of whom cherish the memory of their first visit to a KFC," Pant said.
(Reporting by Jessica Kuruthukulangara in BENGALURU and Adam Jourdan in SHANGHAI; Editing by Maju Samuel and Christopher Cushing)
Zimbabwe's wildlife agency said on Tuesday it was investigating allegations that a South African national bribed officials to allow a Colorado-based tourist to take the ivory tusks of an elephant illegally shot in a Zimbabwe game park.
Their inquiry comes after U.S. prosecutors accused the South African, who was with a hunting party in Gonarezhou National Park in southern Zimbabwe, of paying up to $8,000 in bribes to Zimbabwean government officials to kill the elephant inside the park and to have the animal's ivory released.
“We are investigating the matter,” said Tinashe Farawo, spokesman for the Zimbabwe Parks and Wildlife Management Authority. He gave no further details.
A government official, who declined to be named because he was not authorised to speak to the media, said Zimbabwean authorities had contacted the South African but he was not forthcoming with information.
A statement by the U.S. Department of Justice in Colorado dated May 21 said the South African conspired with the unidentified Colorado hunter to export the tusks by falsely saying in official documents the hunter was a South African resident and that the elephant was shot outside Gonarezhou.
It is illegal under Zimbabwean law for hunters to shoot animals inside a state game park.
In 2015, a U.S. dentist touched off a global storm when he killed a rare black-maned lion named Cecil with a bow and arrow outside Hwange National Park in western Zimbabwe, forcing the United States to suspend importation of elephant trophies from Africa.-Reuters
Wounded #Marine Jose Sanchez finishes the @bostonmarathon . More on Sanchez - https://t.co/5kYyV2JrFu #BostonMarathon pic.twitter.com/uTXTP2O24x
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Retired Marine Staff Sgt. Jose Luis Sanchez became an inspiration Monday after participating in the 121st Boston Marathon.
Sanchez lost the lower part of his left leg after stepping on an IED in Afghanistan in 2011.
He ran Monday's 26.2-mile race on a prosthetic leg while carrying an American flag, completing in just under six hours.
The retired Marine ran his first marathon in 2015 in Washington D.C. and ran last year's Boston Marathon.
🇺🇸 #bostonmarathon A post shared by Dom F▪️☠️▪️ (@disciplinedathlete) on Apr 17, 2017 at 8:53am PDT
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
The Canadian Press
HALIFAX -- A Halifax-area man who admitted to burning his girlfriend's body but insisted he didn't kill her has had his murder conviction overturned.
Paul Trevor Calnen was convicted of second-degree murder in the death of Reita Louise Jordan in March 2013.
In a divided decision released Wednesday, the Nova Scotia Court of Appeal tossed out the murder conviction due to insufficient evidence and inadequate final instructions to the jury.
On the night of her death, Jordan planned to leave Calnen. The sexual relationship, which appeared to have been fuelled by their joint use of crack cocaine, was coming to an end.
Text messages suggested she was a victim of domestic violence and wanted to move back home.
When Calnen came home, Jordan's bags were packed and he spied his laptop and jewelry among her belongings.
An argument broke out, and Calnen claimed his live-in girlfriend died after she took a swing at him in anger, missed, and accidentally fell down the stairs.
Calnen claimed he tried mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, but decided she was dead.
Rather than call for help, Calnen claimed that he looked for crack cocaine and put Jordan's body in his truck.
Over the following weeks, Calnen went to great lengths to destroy her body, moving her body several times and burning her body twice.
The Hammonds Plains, N.S., man pleaded guilty to burning her body and scattering her ashes in a lake, but maintained he did not cause her death.
Justice Ted Scanlan, writing for the majority, described what Calnen did to Jordan's body as "horrific."
But he said aside from the after-the-fact conduct, "there was no evidence, physical or otherwise, that contradicted the appellant's version of the event."
The majority decision said the trial judge should have granted a motion for a directed verdict and, in the absence of any new evidence, any retrial should not include the charge of second-degree murder.
"I am satisfied the jury was not properly instructed as to the limits on the use of evidence of after-the-fact conduct as it relates to proof of intent as required for conviction for murder," the decision said.
But in a dissenting decision, the chief justice of the province's highest court said there was sufficient evidence for the jury to decide on a second-degree murder charge.
Although Michael MacDonald admitted much of the evidence is circumstantial, he said it was still relevant.
"Consider the extraordinary lengths the appellant went to first hide (several times) and then destroy Ms. Jordan's body by burning it, not once but twice."
While the majority decision found that "with thought processes fuelled by crack cocaine" a person may conclude that they would not be believed if they argued they had nothing to do with a dead body found in their house, MacDonald dismissed this suggestion in Calnen's case.
"I concede that the appellant initial decision to hide the body is not particularly relevant," he said. "Having consumed cocaine, his actions may be equally consistent with the confusion and shock flowing from either him killing her unintentionally (manslaughter) or (as he proclaimed) an accidental death that simply occurred in his presence.
"But how does the appellant explain the obsessive, desperate, and even frantic efforts to make sure her body was destroyed? Consider the risks he took -- going down wood roads -- getting stuck -- calling a tow truck with the body in his vehicle -- starting a huge fire. These depict a desperate man."
MacDonald said these extreme measures taken to destroy the body begs the question as to what Jordan's injuries would reveal.
"We know that she died in his presence. We know that there was a confrontation. She was adding insult to injury by stealing some of his things, in the process of moving out. All this adds up to motive and opportunity."
Calnen had been sentenced to life in prison with no chance of parole for at least 15 years for the second-degree murder conviction, which has now been set aside.
He was also sentenced to five years for indecently interfering with Jordan's remains.
After a deadly attack on a counter-protest at a white nationalist rally Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia left one person dead and at least 19 others injured, state and local lawmakers have initiated a renewed push to remove Confederate symbols from public spaces.
The speaker of the Maryland state House on Monday called for the removal of a statue of Roger B. Taney, the Supreme Court justice who penned the Dred Scott decision in 1857, from the state house lawn.
State Rep. Michael Busch, a Democrat, told the Baltimore Sun that leaving the monument (pictured above) in place after the attack in Charlottesville, Virginia “would send a message that we condone what took place, that slavery is alright.”
“It's the appropriate time to remove it,” he said.
Busch sits on the Maryland State House Trust, which would have to vote on the monument's removal. Republican Gov. Larry Hogan and Senate President Thomas V. Mike Miller, a Democrat, also sit on the board but have resisted calls to remove the statue in the past, according to the Baltimore Sun.
In addition, the president of the Jacksonville, Florida, city council has called for the city to take an inventory of its confederate monuments, and said he would then propose legislation to relocate those monuments to museums.
A statue of a Confederate soldier called “Old Joe” also was removed from outside the Alachua County Administration Building in Gainesville, Florida, on Monday, although the removal already had been in the works for a while.
In 2015, a white supremacist's gunning down of black churchgoers in Charleston, South Carolina had also prompted a wave of calls to remove Confederate statues and other symbols of the Confederacy from public land.
FILE PHOTO - U.S. Supreme Court nominee judge Neil Gorsuch is sworn in to testify at his Senate Judiciary Committee confirmation hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S. on March 20, 2017. REUTERS/James Lawler Duggan/File Photo
WASHINGTON If confirmed as expected this week by the U.S. Senate, President Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee would join his new fellow justices in time to act on divisive cases concerning religion, guns and big business, underscoring Neil Gorsuch's importance as the fifth conservative on a nine-justice court.
The Senate's Republican leaders have pledged to confirm the Colorado-based appeals court judge on Friday. His first official task after being sworn in would come at an April 13 private meeting among the justices to discuss taking various appeals from lower courts.
There are appeals pending on expanding gun rights to include carrying concealed firearms in public, state voting restrictions critics say are aimed at reducing minority turnout, and allowing business owners to object on religious grounds to serving gay couples. All three could lead to landmark rulings if taken up.
On April 17, the justices will begin hearing a new round of oral arguments, including a closely watched case on the separation of church and state focussing on whether a Missouri church was improperly denied state funds. The court is nearing the end of its current term, which runs from October to June.
Gorsuch also would play a key role in important cases the justices already have agreed to hear in their next term, including a bid by employers to prevent workers from bringing class action claims, a goal of big business.
The court has been divided between four conservatives and four liberals since the February 2016 death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia.
Major issues before the court highlight the significance of Gorsuch filling Scalia's seat and restoring the court's 5-4 conservative majority. Senate Republicans paved the way for Trump to replace Scalia by refusing last year to consider Democratic former President Barack Obama's nomination of appellate judge Merrick Garland to fill the vacancy. That would have given the court a liberal majority for the first time in decades.
Legal experts suspect a conservative majority on the court could motivate conservative lawyers to bring cases in a hope that five justices will back abortion restrictions, oppose political spending limits, and favour wider gun and religious rights.
Justice Anthony Kennedy, a conservative who sometimes sides with the four liberals, will remain the court's swing vote. Most experts expect Gorsuch to be more aligned with the court's two most stalwart conservatives, Samuel Alito and Clarence Thomas.
"There's no reason to think he will be anything other than extremely conservative," said Chicago-Kent College of Law professor Carolyn Shapiro.
PENDING APPEALS
With four votes needed to take up a case at the private meetings, each justice is important. Among pending appeals the court is likely to act on in the coming weeks is a case in which activists have asked the justices to rule for the first time that the U.S. Constitution's Second Amendment, which protects the right to bear arms, extends to carrying firearms outside the home.
In another case, the court could decide whether to revive voter-identification and other restrictions in North Carolina blocked by a lower court. The justices also could hear a Christian baker's religious claim that he should not be forced to sell a cake to a gay couple.
Conservative justices generally take expansive views of gun and religious rights and may back state laws whose Republican backers say are intended to prevent voter fraud.
On April 19, the court will hear a religious rights case in which a church contends Missouri violated the Constitution's guarantee of religious freedom by denying it funds for a playground project due to a state ban on aid to religious organizations.
Gorsuch has ruled several times in favour of expansive religious rights during his decade as a judge.
"Given Gorsuch's solicitude for religious liberty, his joining the court can only help the church," said Ilya Shapiro, a lawyer with the libertarian Cato Institute think tank.
There are several cases the court has already heard but has not yet decided in which Gorsuch could play a role. The court has the option of hearing fresh arguments, with Gorsuch in a position to cast a potential deciding vote.
One such case is a bid by Miami to revive lawsuits accusing major banks of predatory mortgage lending to black and Hispanic home buyers.
Another concerns whether the family of a Mexican teenager can sue a U.S. Border Patrol agent who fatally shot the 15-year-old from across the border in Texas.
Longer term, an issue likely to return to the court is a conservative-backed challenge that could weaken organised labour. The court was expected to deny unions a vital source of cash last year. But after Scalia died, it issued a 4-4 ruling leaving in place a lower court's decision favouring unions.
The court is also likely to weigh in on whether transgender students are protected under a federal law prohibiting sex discrimination in education. The court took up that question last fall but in March sent the case back to a lower court without resolving the main legal question.
(Reporting by Lawrence Hurley; Editing by Will Dunham)
The embattled nominee tapped to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs was known as “the candy man” inside the White House, Sen. Jon Tester said Tuesday, citing reports from individuals who raised concerns about his nomination.
The Montana Democrat told CNN's Anderson Cooper that around 20 people raised concerns to his committee about Rear Adm. Ronny Jackson, and according to those people, Jackson would hand out prescriptions “like candy.”
Tester described reports to the Veterans' Affairs Committee that alleged that on overseas trips, Jackson would “go down the aisle way of the airplane and say, ‘All right, who wants to go to sleep?' And hand out the prescription drugs like they were candy … and put them to sleep and then give them the drugs to wake them back up again.”
Tester's staff told CNN that Jackson would hand out Ambien and Provigil.
“These are called controlled substances for a reason,” Tester said on “Anderson Cooper 360.”
Jackson's nomination came following the removal of David Shulkin from heading the VA, but his confirmation is in jeopardy as Democrats and Republicans on the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee review allegations against him.
CNN previously reported that Jackson met with President Donald Trump on Tuesday amid the tumult with his nomination. After the meeting, the White House began publicly defending Jackson.
However, the White House doctor also faces allegations of being drunk while overseas with then-President Barack Obama.
“If you are drunk and something happens with the President, it's very difficult to go in and treat the President,” Tester said. “That's what multiple people told us, this was the case on several different trips.”
Tester said there had been comments that Jackson would not be able to respond “because he had been drinking so much.”
CNN reported Tuesday that on an overseas trip in 2015, Jackson was intoxicated and banged on the hotel room door of a female employee, according to four sources familiar with the allegation.
The incident became so noisy, one source familiar with the allegation told CNN, that the Secret Service stopped Jackson out of concern that he would wake Obama.
Other concerns about Jackson included allegations of a toxic work environment, Tester confirmed.
“We were told time and time again the people above him he treated like gold, the people below him, he belittled, screamed at them, really created a very toxic environment to the point where the people who worked around him felt like they had to walk on eggshells because of his lack of respect for his job,” Tester said.
Jackson's hearing will be delayed indefinitely following the allegations, lawmakers leading the confirmation announced Tuesday morning.
After four women came forward with sexual harassment allegations involving famed celebrity chef Mario Batali, the 57-year-old culinary artist announced Monday that "much of the behavior described" was true and that he would be stepping away from "day-to-day operations" of his restaurants.
Batali's statement came hours after Eater, Vox Media's food and dining website, published the allegations.
"I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted," Batali said in a statement to Eater. "That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses."
"I know my actions have disappointed many people. The successes I have enjoyed are owned by everyone on my team. The failures are mine alone. To the people who have been at my side during this time — my family, my partners, my employees, my friends, my fans — I am grateful for your support and hopeful that I can regain your respect and trust. I will spend the next period of time trying to do that," he added.
Revealed in the accounts published by Eater are several occasions in which the Washington State-born chef acted inappropriately over a span of 20 years.
One woman chef told the outlet about an incident in 2007 when Batali, moments after offering her a job, began to rub her chest with his bare hands after someone had accidentally spilled wine on her blouse.
"He just went to town, and I was so shocked," the unidentified chef told Eater. "Jaw on the ground, I just stepped back from him in utter disgust and walked away."
The other three accusers, all of whom worked in Batali's restaurants, shared their recollections of various incidents when he repeatedly groped them — one of them even stated "he compelled her to straddle him."
The allegations against Batali aren't exactly new. In 2006, Bill Buford wrote in his book "Heat" that the infamous chef told a female server, "It's not fair I have this view all to myself when you bend over. For dessert, would you take off your blouse for the others?"
Prominent figures in the food industry have also spoken out on the allegations, with some saying that "no one should be surprised."
— Tom Colicchio (@tomcolicchio) December 11, 2017
​Batali announced he would be taking a leave of absence from his role at Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group, a management company that supports more than 20 restaurants, and ABC also asked him to step away from "The Chew," a daytime food show he co-hosts.
Batali is not even the latest celebrity, politician or media figure to join the likes of Harvey Weinstein, Kevin Spacey and Al Franken in sexual misconduct oblivion: Monday afternoon, it was announced that the New Yorker was cutting ties with prominent writer Ryan Lizza over similar allegations.
On Saturday, a female Southwest Airlines passenger threatened to “kill everyone on this plane” after she was caught smoking on a flight, PEOPLE can confirm.
The woman — who was later identified as Valerie Curbelo, 24 — went into a rage after she was discovered smoking in the bathroom on a Southwest Airlines flight from Portland to Sacramento, according to KOIN6.
RELATED: There Was a Near Miss at JFK Airport After a Plane Almost Landed on the Wrong Runway
In a video obtained by the news outlet (above) Curbelo can be seen becoming increasingly upset as she yelled, “I swear, if you don't (expletive) land, I will (expletive) kill everybody on this (expletive) plane!” she yelled. The curse words were removed from the video.
A spokesperson for Southwest Airlines confirmed the incident to PEOPLE, saying that the altercation began after Curbelo tampered “with a smoke detector in an aircraft restroom.”
“Our Crew enforced the regulation and that was followed by the passenger outburst. The safety of our Crew and Passengers is our top priority and we take all threats seriously. The Pilots declared an emergency to receive priority handling from air traffic controllers, and our Crew handled the situation onboard until the plane landed and local authorities stepped in,” the spokesperson continued, noting that the plane landed safely and on-time in Sacramento.
“We express appreciation for the professionalism of our crew and the law enforcement officials who assisted with the incident,” the spokesperson added.
WATCH THIS: New Jersey Family Kicked Off JetBlue Flight to Las Vegas Over Birthday Cake
RELATED: The TSA Is Unwrapping Holiday Presents Packed in Checked Luggage and Travelers Are Not Happy About It
Upon landing, Curbelo was arrested, according to the Sacramento County Jail's website.
In an interview with CBS13, Curbelo said she had been smoking on the plane because she had wanted to calm her anxiety.
QUITO (Sputnik) — Russia and Ecuador are preparing a bilateral agreement on cooperation in peaceful use of outer space, scheduled to be finalized soon, Russia's Ambassador to Ecuador Andrei Veklenko said in an interview with Sputnik on Wednesday.
“During the last, forth meeting of intergovernmental [Russian-Ecuadorian] commission in Quito, the sides discussed such concrete things as remote sensing of the land from space, use of GLONASS [Russian satellite navigation system] here [in Ecuador]. But in order for that to work, a legal base is required. Currently, the bilateral agreement on peaceful use of outer space is being actively reviewed,” the ambassador said.
© Sputnik/ Lidia Ysamova Ecuador Thanks Russia for Humanitarian Aid in Aftermath of Deadly Earthquake
Veklenko expressed hope that the process of drafting the agreement would not take long, and the sides would be able to make the agreement more detailed soon.
Russia and Ecuador recently signed a deal on cooperation against money laundering and financing of terrorism. The sides are also finalizing agreements on extradition and transfer of prisoners.
People wait for information following an incident at Pennsylvania Station in the Manhattan borough of New York, New York, U.S. April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
Emergency officials view scene where a New Jersey transit train derailed during rush hour at Penn Station, forcing passengers to be evacuated from cars in the second such incident at the midtown hub in less than two weeks, according to officials, in New York, April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Suzanne Barlyn
A man is wheeled on a stretcher following an incident at Pennsylvania Station in the Manhattan borough of New York, New York, U.S. April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
NEW YORK A slow-moving New Jersey Transit train derailed during rush hour at New York's Penn Station on Monday, injuring one person in the second such incident at the Midtown Manhattan hub in fewer than two weeks, officials and a witness said.
The cause of the accident was not immediately known. A New Jersey Transit spokesman said the train was carrying about 1,200 passengers when it went off the rails at 9 a.m. EDT.
New Jersey Transit services were suspended into and out of Penn Station.
A Reuters witness on the train, which was coming from Trenton, New Jersey, said it began bumping and shaking before stopping, and that a broken wheel was visible from inside the car.
"We have rail operation personnel and police on scene assisting customers," said the spokesman, Jim Smith, adding that NJT officials were investigating the incident.
The U.S. Federal Railroad Administration said it also was opening an investigation of the derailment and sending a team of inspectors to Penn Station.
LaTosha Lewis, 39, was on her way from Newark, New Jersey, to her job as an accountant. She described chaotic scenes as railway employees sought to shepherd passengers to safety.
"They kept sending us up to the back of the car, then the front," said Jakwonk Dean, 20, from Newark.
On March 24, a slow-moving Amtrak Acela train derailed and side-swiped a New Jersey Transit commuter train at Penn Station, causing minor injuries.
Two other recent train crashes have occurred in the New York area. On Jan. 4, more than 100 people were hurt when a Long Island Rail Road train struck a bumper at Atlantic Terminal in Brooklyn.
In September last year, a New Jersey Transit commuter train ploughed into the platform at the Hoboken, N.J., station, killing one person and injuring more than 100 others.
(Reporting by Suzanne Barlyn; Additional reporting and writing by Gina Cherelus and David Shepardson; Editing by Daniel Wallis and Dan Grebler)
If you're planning to visit Knott's Soak City water park in Buena Park, you have some options. You can carry your things or rent a locker and you can look for an open lounge chair or bench.
Or you might want to rent a cabana.
There are three different locations in the park with cabanas: Shore Break, with a view of the Shore Break and The Wedge attractions; Malibu, near the Malibu Run and Old Man Falls attractions; and Wavepool, overlooking Tidal Wave Bay. Each cabana has a tented private area and an outer patio area and comes with an umbrella, a table and four chairs, four lounge chairs, four inner tube rentals and waiter service.
Bethany Elliott relaxes with a book inside a cabana at Knotts Soak City in Buena Park. (Photo courtesy of David Elliott).
The Crismon family usually dines at the Longboard's Grill at Knott's Soak City in Buena Park. They liked that they could have food delivered to their cabana and that their server made sure that there was always a pitcher of cold water available. (Photo courtesy of David Crismon).
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Four-year-old Poppy Walsh hangs out in a shaded cabana at Knott's Soak City in Buena Park on Sunday, May 13, 2018. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Four-year-old Poppy Walsh hangs out in a shaded cabana at Knott's Soak City in Buena Park on Sunday, May 13, 2018. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Sisters Georgia Harper and Poppy Walsh take a walk together at Knott's Soak City in Buena Park. (Photo courtesy of Melanie Walsh)
They aren't cheap and must be reserved in advance of your visit. Rental fees vary from $170-$245 depending on the date and are good for up to eight guests, plus include all the amenities mentioned. You may add up two additional guests for $15 each. Soak City admission is not included.
But for some, it's all worth it.
Retiree David Crismon of Wildomar and his wife Cathi Crismon enjoy bringing their grandchildren, Cody Mobley, 15, and Kennedy Mobley, 12, to Soak City. This year they decided to rent a cabana.
“We wanted the privacy and security of having our own space, especially while the grandkids were off riding their favorite water slides,” David Crismon said. “The cabana gave us the shaded comfort and privacy we desired. … Most importantly, the cabana gave the grandkids a great home base while having a great day at Soak City.”
The family also liked that they could have food delivered to their cabana and that their server made sure that a pitcher of cold water was always available.
Anaheim blogger Melanie Walsh was treated to a cabana on Mother's Day by her husband Matt Walsh and their three daughters, Georgia, 10, Harper, 8, and Poppy, 4. It gave her the opportunity to spend the day with her family, as well as feel special with a private retreat and its amenities.
Related: Knott's Soak City water park is ready for your summer splashing
“There are lots of spaces throughout the park to relax in the shade, but I was happy I could get my kids completely out of the sun for periods of time,” Walsh said. “With the four lounge chairs in the cabana, we were able to rest, too. That was huge. Our 8 and 10-year-olds have so much energy and can go all day, but my husband and I appreciated the chance to gear back up for more fun. Poppy won't admit that she needed time to rest too, but she totally did.”
Walsh said that having the cabana meant she didn't have to lug all her family's things around the park during their stay and offered a good place for everyone to meet up in between having fun. There was only one thing that disappointed her.
“We were talking about how fun it would be to have parties at Soak City and bring even more people. The cabanas can hold a lot of people, but we'd love to bring the extended family. We'd definitely need more than one cabana to be able to do that,” Walsh said.
Library assistant David Elliott of La Mirada visits Soak City with his daughter Bethany Elliott, 12. Even though there is just the two of them, he feels that renting a cabana is well worth the money, as they can relax instead of running back and forth to the lockers every time they need anything or spend time waiting in line for food.
“Just the ability to have that peace of mind and somewhere to be served was amazing,” Elliott said. “I honestly cannot recommend getting a cabana at Soak City enough, even if you are going with family friends and are going to split the cost with another family.”
KNOTT'S SOAK CITY
When: Open 10 a.m. select days through Sept. 9.
Where: 8039 Beach Blvd., Buena Park.
Tickets: $50 adults and $40 seniors and children 12 and under. Cabana rental fees vary from $170-$245 depending on the date and are good for up to eight guests, plus include all the amenities mentioned. You may add up two additional guests for $15 each. Soak City admission is not included.
Information: 714-220-5200, www.knotts.com/play/soak-city.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
By Mehmet Emin Caliskan
A day after Turkish troops and their Syrian rebel allies seized control of Afrin, a Turkish aid group started distributing relief supplies in the town centre on Monday, but residents continued to leave after widespread reports of looting.
Triumphant Syrian rebel fighters stood on a fallen statue, firing shots in the air, while military vehicles patrolled streets still littered with the debris from Turkey's eight-week offensive to drive out Kurdish YPG fighters.
Shops were closed and some people left for villages outside Afrin, the main town in a pocket of Kurdish-controlled territory in northwest Syria. One resident said the Turkey-backed Free Syrian Army rebel fighters who swept into Afrin on Sunday morning had been looting shops and homes.
“The Free Syrian Army came and entered into Afrin and supposedly we were going to be safe. But it turned out to be the opposite,” said the man, who did not give his name.
“The Free Syrian Army looted our cars, looted our houses, looted our shops. It has become like we are all homeless (even) in our houses. No food, no drink, no security.”
Syria's foreign ministry, in a letter to the United Nations published by state media, said Afrin residents' belongings were looted and their houses destroyed in the Turkey-led campaign.
An FSA spokesman in the region was not immediately available for comment.
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan's spokesman said Ankara was taking reports of looting in Afrin seriously. “We are looking into the incidents. Apparently they have happened. Some groups apparently did not follow the orders that were given by their commanders,” Ibrahim Kalin told CNN.
Another man in Afrin, loading mattresses, carpets and other goods onto the back of a tractor trailer, said his family moved to the town from Bulbul, 30 km away, when Turkey launched its air and ground offensive in January.
“The bombardment started so we fled to Afrin. Now we are returning from Afrin to our home because it's safer,” he said.
The United Nations said two thirds of 323,000 residents had fled the wider Afrin region since the start of Turkey's campaign to drive out Kurdish YPG fighters, who it says are an extension of Kurdish militants waging a prolonged insurgency in southern Turkey.
It appealed for urgent supplies to “stem the catastrophic situation” for tens of thousands of people in Afrin and in Ghouta, where Syrian government forces are fighting to crush the last major rebel-held enclave on the edge of the capital.
The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) called on Monday for greater access to the civilian population of Afrin, saying that Turkey's Red Crescent lacked credibility among the Syrian Kurds after the Turkish military operation.
Turkey, however, has promised to support people in Afrin and on Monday its emergency relief agency AFAD was distributing aid in the centre of the town.
“Since yesterday when the Turkish Army and Free Syrian Army entered here our duty started for the humanitarian affairs,” said AFAD's director Mehmed Gulluoglu.
“Today we are here for need assessment and also for the first distribution. We are distributing food, hygiene kits and some prepared food and some blankets any case.
Company of the Week USAData helps businesses find new customers and grow their current customers through a combination of data and digital marketing services, and easy-to-use SaaS technology products. We enrich customer data so businesses can more effectively target and communicate with customers, and connect them with their best look-alike prospects through digital and traditional channels. We make it easy through simple, self-serve applications and APIs, as well as through full-service programs managed by our Data and Digital experts. Find out more here »
By Mayo Clinic Staff
Dietitian's tip: Polenta, a coarse-grind cornmeal, can be served hot and creamy, cut into shapes and grilled, or baked until set.
Number of servings Serves 6
Ingredients
1 red bell pepper (capsicum), roasted and seeded 1 garlic clove 1 3/4 cups water 1 3/4 cups plain soy milk (soya milk) or 1 percent low-fat milk 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil 1/4 teaspoon salt 1 cup polenta, preferably stone-ground 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese 1 tablespoon chopped thyme
Directions
In a blender or food processor, combine the roasted pepper, garlic and 1 tablespoon of the water. Process until smooth; set the coulis aside.
Heat the oven to 450 F. Lightly coat a 9-inch round cake pan with olive oil cooking spray.
In a large saucepan, combine the soy milk, remaining water, olive oil and salt. Whisk in the polenta and place over medium heat. Whisk constantly until the polenta begins to thicken. Reduce the heat to low and resume stirring with a wooden spoon. Cook, stirring frequently, until the polenta pulls away from the sides of the pan, about 15 minutes. Add the coulis and stir to combine.
Pour the mixture into the prepared cake pan and sprinkle with the cheese. Bake until firm, about 15 minutes. Let stand in the pan for 10 minutes before serving. Cut into 6 wedges and sprinkle with the thyme.
Nutritional analysis per serving Serving size :1 wedge Total fat 4 g
4 g Calories 148
148 Protein 5 g
5 g Cholesterol 5 mg
5 mg Total carbohydrate 23 g
23 g Dietary fiber 2 g Monounsaturated fat 2 g
2 g Saturated fat 1 g
1 g Trans fat 0 g
0 g Sodium 150 mg
150 mg Total sugars 4 g
4 g Added sugars 0 g Mayo Clinic Healthy Weight Pyramid Servings Protein and dairy 1/2
1/2 Carbohydrates 1
1 Vegetables 1 DASH Eating Plan Servings Dairy foods (low-fat or fat-free) 1/2
1/2 Grains and grain products 1
1 Vegetables 1 Diabetes Meal Plan Choices Milk and milk products 1/2
1/2 Nonstarchy vegetables 1
1 Starches 1
This recipe is one of 150 recipes collected in "The New Mayo Clinic Cookbook," published by Mayo Clinic Health Information and Oxmoor House, and winner of the 2005 James Beard award.
A short-lived homeless camp has been cleared out in northeast Portland.
Scroll for more content...
The tent city sprang up a week or so ago near Northeast 171st Avenue and Airport Way.
The camp, dubbed "Village of Hope" by people living there, was in the Big Four Corners Natural Area with protected wetlands and streams. City leaders said earlier this week the camp was not legal and the campers would need to move or face arrest.
The city provided notice to the campers and offered to connect them with social workers and get them into shelters.
Still, protesters disrupted a City Council meeting Wednesday over the issue and expressed their support for homeless people at the camp Thursday.
Park rangers gave people at the camp an extra day to move out of the area Thursday. On Friday morning, police and park rangers cleared it out.
There was lingering frustrating among the campers.
"That point is, from the very beginning, to have a village which is sustainable and help people get off the street. That goal hasn't been met," one camper told FOX 12.
Authorities said they issued three exclusions and eight warnings regarding camping in the area.
Some of the greatest players in the world never played in a World Cup because – like Manchester United legends George Best and Ryan Giggs or Real Madrid's Gareth Bale – their national teams never qualified. But Sputnik looks at five players who lit up the World Cup.
Tomb Raider Warner Bros. Pictures
During the first scene of “Tomb Raider,” Lara Croft (Alicia Vikander) spars with a more athletic opponent in an MMA-style gym. After being placed in a chokehold, she doesn't make some dazzling comeback or use a secret move to win — she taps out after she is almost choked unconscious. This version of Lara is vulnerable and relatable, a far cry from the Lara in the 2001 Angelina Jolie movie, and it's part of what makes her endearing. Unfortunately, she is stuck in a mediocre action movie that uses every cliched Hollywood trope in the book.
At the start of the movie, Lara lives a meager lifestyle in London. Her father Richard Croft (Dominic West) was a globe-traveling zillionaire before he went missing seven years prior to the start of the movie, but Lara refuses to inherit his fortune. Doing so would acknowledge his death, but Lara believes he is still alive. After discovering clues related to her father's disappearance in his old research notes, Lara travels to Hong Kong to investigate further. The plot sacrifices logic for convenience because if Lara were living a life of luxury with her father's money, she would be harder for audiences to relate to.
Richard Croft had been searching for the tomb of Himiko, a Japanese goddess of death who apparently would pose a great threat to humanity if she was ever released. Lara decides to pursue Himiko in hope that she will find out her father's fate. Don't expect the legend of Himiko to be elaborated on any further though, because even within the movie, nobody really understands what will happen if she is released from her tomb, or if the legend is even real.
Lara meets up with drunken boat captain Lu Ren (Daniel Wu). After discovering that both of their fathers went missing on the same expedition, Lu decides to help Lara search for Himiko. Eventually, the pair makes it to the island where they are greeted by Mathias Vogel (Walton Goggins), a rival archeologist-turned-mercenary who is also searching for the tomb for unknown reasons. Goggins does his best with the character, but Vogel is as bland a villain as can be. Vogel is only on the island because he is being paid and has no motivation for searching for Himiko's tomb. He frequently complains and wishes that he were back home with his family and is rarely menacing or intimidating. Vogel is involved in a few action-packed moments but is only ever threatening because he carries a gun. He lacks the charisma to be a memorable antagonist, and by the end of the movie, he hasn't done anything noteworthy.
No character has strong motivation to search for Himiko's lost tomb, and nobody understands the legend. Vogel's constant bickering leaves the viewer wondering why he hasn't left the island already and found work elsewhere. It's also left ambiguous what anyone could possibly gain from releasing a spirit powerful enough to threaten the entire world. The failure to establish a meaningful plot hurts every scene in the movie, as it's never clear why the villains act as they do.
While the movie certainly has its faults, the action sequences and fight choreography are athletically impressive. One memorable scene is when Lara must swim down a river with her hands bound in order to evade capture. Scenes involving Lara sneaking around Vogel's prison camp armed only with a bow and arrow are among the most tense and exhilarating. When Lara must solve ancient puzzles using tricks her father taught her, she shows off the character's brilliance and determination.
That being said, the movie suffers from poor writing. Many dialogue exchanges almost seem like the movie is parodying itself. In one exchange, after Lara and Lu are first captured, Lara comments, “Hey, at least we're not dead,” to which Lu responds, “no shit.” It feels corny and clumsy.
When the characters finally reach Himiko's tomb, the action comes to a halt. The scenes in the tomb contain little sense of danger or adventure. What should have been the most exciting part of the movie is one of the most boring. The movie is called “Tomb Raider” after all, so one might expect the tomb to be actually interesting, but instead, there is little action or raiding. The blandness of the tomb is the most disappointing part of the entire movie, and the characters in the film seem to be just as bored to be there as the audience is to be watching.
While not without its charm, “Tomb Raider” suffers from poor directing, a boring plot and questionable dialogue. The movie is at its best during its exciting action sequences where Lara struggles to survive, but these scenes alone are not enough to redeem an ultimately flawed movie. Lara Croft deserves better.
Recently, the lone Nagaland Member of Parliament Neiphiu Rio had stepped down from the presidentship of the Naga People's Front (TR) party, but not before accusing Chief Minister T R Zeliang of running a signature campaign behind his back.
In an exclusive interview with ANI, Rio said his decision to step down was for the bigger goal of reconciliation among Nagas and to facilitate talks between Nagas and the Government of India.
A three-time Chief Minister of Nagaland and current Member of Parliament, Rio said, "My stepping down from the post of presidentship is the goal of the Election Commission of India for reconciliation, and also, it is high time for Nagas to reconcile and come together for the sake of Naga politics because we are talking about inclusive solution with all the underground groups."
He further said, "Recently, the legislature and ex-parliamentarians also decided to pass a resolution to defer election if solution cannot come. The desire and demands of the people is to give settlement before the election. So, on this line, I also took my decision after consulting with my friends in the party and tendered my resignation. I will also be submitting my resignation letter to the Election Commission of India."
When enquired about his plan on contesting at the upcoming state assembly election in February 2018, considering his commitment to the people, Rio said he will contest if his people wish him to and still need his services.
"That depends on the people. I have not decided what to do. I will see the situation and if people want me to contest, I will contest, because though I am in Delhi or Nagaland, I am committed to serve the people. I will decide by the wish of the people," he added.
Rio also assured that his move will not affect the ongoing talks between the NSCN-IM and the Government of India.
He said, "No, this is a dispute in the Naga People's Front Party. There is nothing to do with the talk; in fact, it will be in favour with the talk in bringing the whole Nagas together through reconciliation."
Though, Rio is not actively involved in the negotiation talks between the Government of India and NSCN-IM, his contribution towards the Nagas cause is invaluable. Being the lone MP from Nagaland, he continues to speak-up the desire and demands of the Nagas people for peaceful settlement at the Parliament House and various other platforms.
"I am not involved in the negotiation, but I am aware what is happening because I always discussed with the Government of India and also the Naga Nationalist group. And, I am aware that the physical integration is not possible but emotional, political and cultural integration should be done," said the Nagaland MP.
He further added, "Because, for the first time the Naga nationalist group is coming very close together with the Government of India. So, this is an opportunity for a solution. And, the desire and demands of the Nagas is a peaceful settlement which will bring hope to the youth and developmental activities to the society because peace is the pre-requisite qualification for all kind of round developments."
In a letter to Zeliang, Rio said that he had taken up the presidential post since he (TR) had misunderstandings and conflict with the former chief minister and then NPF President Dr. Shurhozelie Liezietsu. He also stated that "I took over as the president on the demand of the MLAs and party leaders under your leadership and your request. Therefore, if you were of the opinion that I am no longer required, then it should have been informed to me and I would have willingly resigned, as I only took up the responsibility due to the request of you and your colleagues."
Till the time of interview with ANI, Rio has not received reply from Zeliang. (ANI)
April 20 Tomtom Nv
* Tomtom and Basic-Fit collaborate to help people enjoy an active lifestyle
* Collaboration will initially begin with a pilot in the Netherlands and Belgium.
* Employees and personal trainers will use Tomtom sport wearables Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom:)
The wait ended this weekend.
After months of watching a very pregnant April the giraffe pace her pen and keep us on edge, her baby has arrived! On April 15, the baby boy was born in the morning at Animal Adventure Park in Harpursville, New York.
After days and days of waiting for the big event, upon announcement of the labor alert, the birth itself took mere minutes. Like all giraffes, April gave birth to her child standing up, leading to a 6-foot drop for the newborn. Over 1.2 million people watched the miracle of life live, thanks to the zoo's ongoing live stream of April.
According to the Associated Press, the male calf was walking within an hour of being born and was prancing alongside his mom just a few hours later.
This is 15-year-old April's fourth calf, but the first she has had at Animal Adventure Park. The father, who could be seen poking his head through the pen beside April's, is first-time dad Oliver, who is five years old.
The baby boy, who has not been named, measured 5 feet 9 inches tall and weighed 129 pounds shortly after birth, reports the zoo. His initial vet checkup showed he is in great help, and he is nursing without issue. Keepers at the zoo have also said that the newborn has developed a very independent attitude in his first few days out of the womb. April is also doing well. She is back to eating normally following the birth and is in great health.
The next order of business, now that the baby is here, is giving him a name. Animal Adventure Park is holding a contest to figure out what the boy's name should be. For the next 10 or so days, animal lovers can submit names and vote for their favorites on the website made solely for this event. Fans can vote as many times as they would like over this period. After this open call, the top ten names will be posted and everyone can vote for their favorite from the list, with the final choice being revealed a few days later.
While the humans are focusing on a name, April and her calf will be working on bonding. The mother-son pair will be together until the baby is weaned, which can take up to six to ten months. Once the calf no longer needs to nurse, he will be moved to another zoo to prevent incestuous breeding.
The millions of people who have been waiting for this moment can get a peek at April and her long awaited offspring in mid-May, when Animal Adventure Park reopens to the public.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Lovers in India can bring a little sadism into their romance without shelling out for tickets to the Fifty Shades of Grey movies: just walk through the street holding hands, and wait for Bajrang Dal thugs to assault them.
Bajrang Dal is the youth wing of a Hindu fundamentalist organization. The party is “strictly against Western norms and believes youth should stop degrading the culture of India by celebrating Valentine's Day,” as ANI News explains.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Bajrang Dal spends Valentine's Day prowling the streets and pummeling any couple they chance across:
#WATCH Bajrang Dal activists thrash couples in Bihar's Muzaffarpur in a protest against Valentine's Day pic.twitter.com/XiXkn7iUFd — ANI (@ANI_news) February 14, 2017
This year was reportedly supposed to be different. Leaders of the umbrella group in charge of Bajrang Dal urged its members not to assault couples because those who indulge in expressions of love on Valentine's Day are, they claimed, “similar to nature of animals,” and thus any attempt at convincing them to abandon the practice would be unlikely to sway them.
India's Daily O addressed the Bajrang Dal problem in an editorial dripping with sarcasm, beginning with the observation that lonely singles have the consolation of knowing they won't be thrashed by a gang of “sexually-frustrated, culture-spewing, self-righteous scumbags” on Valentine's Day:
These hate-loving detectives travel in packs with hockey sticks and lead pipes. They can sniff out hand-holding couples from a mile away. Once they have cornered the poor prey, one of two things can happen: if it's a Hindu-only couple, they'll get them married. God forbid, if it is an inter-religious couple, well, let us say we'll pray for the dearly departed. Is there no way to escape these vicious hunters? Is there no respite for hormonal teenagers who just want to gift each other those pink, heart-shaped things?
That crack about forcibly marrying Hindu couples is not hyperbole. India Today reports that Bajrang Dal has warned Indian youth it will perform marriage rituals on the spot for any couples it catches wandering through public places on Valentine's Day, physically dragging their parents to the scene if necessary.
Greater Kashmir reports that Bajrang Dal is receiving substantial online support from India's Muslims, who also regard Valentine's Day as symbolic of Western decadence. “The other name of Islam is modesty, while Valentine Day [sic] is sheer immodesty,” one Muslim supporter of the Hindu youth gang wrote.
ASNE-APME issues Newsroom Safety Best Practices tip sheet
In light of the tragic shooting in the Capital Gazette newsroom, here are some safety tips gleaned from numerous journalism and advocacy sources.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Poll: More young people say politicians care what they think
Poll: More young people say politicians care what they think
By BARBARA RODRIGUEZ
Associated Press
DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) - Iowa's new voter identification law violates the state constitution and will make it harder for some people to cast a ballot, plaintiffs alleged in a lawsuit filed Wednesday.
The suit marks the first legal challenge against the ID requirement and its provisions, which were passed last year in Iowa's new Republican-controlled Legislature. Parts of the law went into effect this year and will play a role in the state's upcoming June 5 primary election. A requirement to show ID in order to cast a regular ballot goes into effect in 2019.
It's unclear how an injunction request to halt some of the law's provisions would impact the upcoming primary. Early voting began weeks ago.
The League of United Latin American Citizens of Iowa and Taylor Blair, an Iowa State University student, are named as plaintiffs in the suit. Priorities USA Foundation, a national organization involved in other voting-related lawsuits, is paying for the litigation.
Iowa Secretary of State Paul Pate, the top elections official and a major proponent of the law, is named as a defendant in the lawsuit. Pate released a statement defending the law against what he called a "baseless and politically motivated lawsuit," which he alleged was "apparently timed to disrupt the June 5 primary elections." He said the law has adequate safeguards to protect voters' rights.
The lawsuit claims the law will disenfranchise eligible voters because some of its provisions are unclear or impose unjustified restrictions. The lawsuit highlighted new rules for elections officials to verify ID signatures, new requirements for absentee voting and the elimination of straight party voting. It argues the cumulative impact will be longer lines and waiting times at polling locations.
"Each of the challenged provisions burdens the right to vote directly and by complicating and slowing down elections administration in Iowa," according to the lawsuit.
The lawsuit was filed Wednesday in Polk County District Court, according to Prioritize USA Foundation, which provided a copy of the complaint to The Associated Press.
A spokesman for the Iowa Attorney General's Office, which will defend the state in the lawsuit, deferred comment to Pate's office.
When the law is fully in effect, Iowa voters will be required to show an acceptable form of identification - an Iowa driver's license, an Iowa non-driver's ID, a new non-photo voter card, a U.S. passport, military identification or veterans ID - to cast a ballot.
The law requires elections officials this year to ask voters for identification. It's a soft roll-out, so someone without ID can sign an oath verifying his or her identity and cast a regular ballot.
In 2019, voters must have acceptable identification or they will have to cast a provisional ballot. Those voters will need to return to show ID within a few days for their ballot to count.
Blair, the college student, said in the lawsuit he was initially excluded from receiving a new non-photo voter card because his voter registration was erroneously mixed up with another person's information. Blair said he later received a non-photo voter card, but he forgot to bring it to vote during an April election. While Blair was able to still vote by signing a document verifying his identity, he said the experiences burdened his right to vote.
Some voting advocacy groups have expressed concern about the law's impact on minority groups, college students, the elderly and disabled individuals. Pate has strongly argued no eligible voter will be denied the right to vote.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A group of festival-goers at Coachella used a tracking app to find the man accused of swiping more than 100 cellphones at the famous music festival last weekend, police say.
Reinaldo De Jesus Henao, 36, was found with a backpack full of phones — after theft victims tracked him down using the “Find My iPhone” app, according to a statement from Indio police.
“Several victims followed Henao through the venue who was quickly detained by security until law enforcement officers could arrive,” police alleged in the statement.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Henao was arrested on Friday and booked into the Larry D. Smith Correctional Center on suspicion of grand theft and receiving stolen property, jail records show. He was released on Saturday after posting $10,000 bail.
It was not immediately clear if he has retained an attorney or entered a plea.
“That type of crime lends itself to what concerts are all about, a lot of people close proximity, a lot of bumping,” said Indio Police Sergeant Dan Marshall with Indio Police said, according to KMIR.
Laura Hint Little, whose phone was allegedly stolen, told KMIR, “If somebody wants to steal a phone, they're going to figure out a way to do it and I guess I was just at the wrong spot at the wrong time.”
Police said many of the phones have been returned to victims over the weekend and the rest were taken to the festival's lost and found area.
REUTERS - The chief executives of Intel Corp, Merck & Co Inc and Under Armour Inc resigned from U.S. President Donald Trump's American Manufacturing Council on Monday, following Trump's initially tepid response to weekend violence at a rally of white supremacists in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump in an early afternoon statement denounced white supremacists, including neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan, as "criminals and thugs," bowing to days of mounting political pressure to condemn such groups explicitly.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier, who is African-American, was the first CEO to leave one of Trump's presidential advisory councils because of his reaction to the weekend of violence in Charlottesville.
The AFL-CIO, an umbrella organization of unions representing an estimated 12.5 million workers, said it is evaluating its role on the manufacturing council, and that there are "real questions into the effectiveness of this council to deliver real policy that lifts working families."
The following are responses from companies and CEOs on Trump's manufacturing council to the recent events in Virginia:
* Dow Chemical Co
"I condemn the violence this weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia," Chief Executive Andrew Liveris said in a statement.
* Dell Inc
"There's no change in Dell engaging with the Trump administration and governments around the world to share our perspective on policy issues that affect our company, our customers and our employees," a Dell Inc spokeswoman said in a statement.
CEO Michael Dell plans to remain on the manufacturing council.
* General Electric Co
Jeff Immelt will remain on the council while he is the chairman of the company.
"GE has no tolerance for hate, bigotry or racism, and we strongly condemn the violent extremism in Charlottesville over the weekend," a company spokesperson said.
* Intel Corp
"There should be no hesitation in condemning hate speech or white supremacy by name. #Intel asks all our countries leadership to do the same," CEO Brian Krzanich said in a tweet. He later said in a blog post on Intel website that he was exiting the council "to call attention to the serious harm our divided political climate is causing to critical issues."
* Under Armour Inc
"We are saddened by #Charlottesville. There is no place for racism or discrimination in this world. We choose love & unity," CEO Kevin Plank, who also left the council, said in a tweet from the company's Twitter account.
* Whirlpool Corp
Whirlpool will stay on the council.
"Whirlpool Corp believes strongly in an open and inclusive culture that respects people of all races and backgrounds. Our company has long fostered an environment of acceptance and tolerance in the workplace," a company spokeswoman said.
* Campbell Soup Co
Chief Executive Denise Morrison will remain on the council.
"The reprehensible scenes of bigotry and hatred on display in Charlottesville over the weekend have no place in our society. Not simply because of the violence, but because the racist ideology at the center of the protests is wrong and must be condemned in no uncertain terms," a company spokesman said in a statement.
* American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations (AFL-CIO)
The AFL-CIO is assessing its role on President Trump's council.
"The AFL-CIO has unequivocally denounced the actions of bigoted domestic terrorists in Charlottesville and called on the president to do the same," AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka said in a statement.
* International Paper Co
"International Paper strongly condemns the violence that took place in Charlottesville over the weekend - there is no place for hatred, bigotry and racism in our society," a company spokesman said in a statement.
* Boeing Co
Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg will stay on the manufacturing council.
* U.S. Steel Corp
A spokesperson referred queries related to the American Manufacturing Council back to the White House.
(Reporting by Sophia Kunthara in New York and Natalie Grover, Yashaswini Swamynathan, Uday Sampath Kumar, Rachit Vats and Rama Venkat Raman in Bangalore; editing by G Crosse and Amrutha Gayathri)
The State's building industry is in upheaval after the collapse of more than 20 construction companies in five years, owing subcontractors tens of millions of dollars.
Subcontractors WA believes the situation could get worse, with spokeswoman Louise Stewart claiming the industry had fears for the financial viability of another four companies, which she would not name.
The extent of the problem was highlighted last month when one of WA's most respected builders, Cooper & Oxley, locked its sites and called in administrators after 65 years, leaving some subcontractors up to $1 million out of pocket.
Subcontractor Mike Edmonds has called on the State Government to step in urgently to help an industry in turmoil.
Mr Edmonds said he had to tell his two young children last year there would be no Christmas because builders had failed to pay $45,000 owing to him.
He said most of the money was more than 60 days overdue, but like all subcontractors he knew that any outstanding debt not paid by December 1 tended not to get paid until January, or more likely February.
WA builders Cooper and Oxley suspended trading following financial problems. The West Australian WA builders Cooper and Oxley suspended trading following financial problems.
It broke his heart when his 11-year-old son consoled him. “It was soul destroying,” he said.
The law stipulates subcontractors should be paid within 42 days, but he said payments were usually made in 90 to 100 days.
He said the industry was caught in a vicious cycle of non-payment, with some of those who owed him unable to pay because they had not been paid.
Despite the lack of regular income, subcontractors are legally required to continue paying GST, pay-as-you-go tax instalments, and wages and invoices from suppliers, who threaten to cut them off if they do not meet 30-day payment deadlines.
The protest follows the closure of troubled WA builders Cooper and Oxley. The West Australian The protest follows the closure of troubled WA builders Cooper and Oxley.
“I can't go into Coles or Woolies and say I'll pay you in 90 days,” Mr Edmonds said.
He has been called by several women to counsel their distraught subcontractor husbands who were “up to their necks in debt”.
“Two suicides have made the newspaper, but I know it has cost three or four other people their lives.” he said.
He said adjudication systems were too costly, with one friend spending $5000 to try to recover a $6000 debt.
Another subcontractor friend was forced to write off $300,000 and another lost his home when a builder went under.
He said many could not afford bad debt insurance, which would cost $25,000 for his small business of two employees. He wrote off $10,000 in bad debt each year.
Ms Stewart called on the State Government to set up “specific” bank accounts for $1 million-plus projects to ensure timely payments.
“Builders are using money from subcontractors to cashflow their businesses and that is not a stable or viable business model,” she said.
Ms Stewart said the job specific accounts would prevent “phoenixing”, where a company declares bankruptcy, releasing it from its debts, only for directors to open a new business in the same field.
The Government has set up an industry advisory group to help improve security of payments.
Volunteering isn't just good for organisations and local community enterprises, it is also very beneficial for our health as this article from blog www.volunteering.ie highlights*.
We often associate regular exercise, eating healthy food and avoiding smoking/drinking as forms of healthy living. People are always looking for the next health craze, the latest diet or that new cutting-edge exercise that will help them prolong and lead a healthy life. But one activity that is proven to be beneficial to your health and is often overlooked: volunteering.
Every day thousands of people volunteer in Ireland. We all know volunteering to be a rewarding experience; it benefits society, volunteer involving organisations and the volunteers themselves. In a survey Volunteer Ireland carried out last year, over 98% of respondents said that volunteering makes them happier. But can volunteering really make you healthier?
A study by United Health Group & the Optum Institute found a direct link between volunteering and better physical, mental & emotional health. The below info graph highlights some of the positive statistics that study has managed to produce.
The experience of volunteering will also be covered in the free seminar, Leitrim's Health Is Wealth on May 3, an event which aims highlight the importance of looking after our health and well being. So come along to the The Bush Hotel, Carrick-on-Shannon at 7.30pm.
*Article originally published on September 24, 2014 here.
More than two tons of beef imported from the UK has been recalled in Cyprus after it was banned by the European Union's Rapid Alert System for Food and Feed, but some of it has already been consumed, the veterinary services said on Friday.
The services announced that in addition to two tons of beef which were stored in the freezers of an importer in Cyprus 870 kilos have already been distributed to a well-known chain of bars and restaurants. The chain has been contacted and asked to immediately return the meat. The services declined to name the chain.
There is no risk of people falling sick from consuming the meat, Director of the veterinary services Christodoulos Pipis said, as no such cases in the UK, where people have eaten it, have been reported.
He also assured the public that no problems have been spotted in Cyprus so far.
“For sure a certain amount of this meat was also consumed in Cyprus, however, we have not reported an incident or any indications,” he said, adding that the problem was not that the meat in question was unfit for consumption, and that its recall was due to the non-observance of hygiene rules in the place where it was kept.
The problem became known on January 24 after details of an unannounced Food Standards' Agency (FSA) inspection at meat supplier Russell Hume's factories which uncovered serious non-compliances with food hygiene regulations emerged.
Details of the breaches of regulations have not yet been officially announced.
For now, Russell Hume's factories have had to stop production and a temporary ban on products leaving its sites is in place.
In the UK, the large JD Wetherspoon pub chain and the restaurants of famous chef Jamie Oliver were among those forced to withdraw the meat that had been purchased by the company.
Oliver's Nicosia branch, however, said that Jamie's Italian Cyprus does not buy beef from Russell Hume and that there is no risk for consumer health. This, a company executive told the Cyprus News Agency, concerns the UK only.
“We have nothing to do with the (beef) provider in question and this does not concern Jamie's Italian in Cyprus,” the executive said.
“In the last six months the FSA and FSS have faced two serious incidents involving major players in the meat sector. People rightly expect food businesses to keep to the rules, rules designed to keep consumers safe and to sustain public trust in food – and food businesses have a duty to follow the regulations,”, chairs of the FSA and Food Standards Scotland Heather Hancock and Ross Finnie told the Guardian newspaper in a joint statement.
Last October chicken suppliers 2 Sisters had to shut down factories and retrain personnel after an audit revealed they had violated several food regulations.
Folks, mark your calendars; Saturday, April 22 is the 10th annual celebration of Record Store Day. What better way to prepare for a vinyl shopping spree than to read up on staples of the local music scene? From country artists to concert promoters, folk musicians to singer-songwriters, here are seven times we've gone into the kitchens of the city's musical cornerstones. Put on a good song and grab your apron, because you're going to want to try out their tasty recipes.
1. Robert Earl Keen
Photography by Kate LeSueur
Country icon Robert Earl Keen takes us into his Kerrville ranch kitchen to share his fabulous chili recipe chock-full of deer and beans (sorry, Texas chili lovers). Read about Keen's cooking mantras, and get some great tips on how to shape a cowboy hat in this piece.
2. The Quesadas
Photography by Kate LeSueur
Adrian Quesada, a musical jack-of-all-trades, and Celeste Quesada, a professional event planner, run a lively household with their three daughters, a dog, two parakeets and three chickens. Adrian's music isn't the only thing influenced by the family's Latin heritage; their recipe for “Molcajete de Manitas” makes the perfect breakfast dish.
3. Seela Misra
Photography by Melanie Grizzel
Seela Misra's rehearsal space is in her home, and since the groups she works with can contain over 15 artists, she knows how to cook for many. Thought she hated Indian food as a kid, Misra now embraces it and uses the cuisine's fabulous flavors to keep her fellow musicians happy.
4. Michael Fracasso
Photography by Kate LeSueur
Since one of Michael Fracasso's favorite things is hosting a combo cooking/house concert, he's no stranger to working with food. In fact, in his own backyard the garden hosts tomatoes, squash, Swiss chard, basil, watermelon, eggplant and cucumbers. This story features an irresistible gnocchi recipe passed down from Fracasso's Italian mother, so it's a must-read!
5. Eliza Gilkyson
Photography by Marc Brown
Eliza Gilkyson may no longer be the chef in her household, but she still loves to be around food. After coming home from a tour, her husband, University of Texas journalism professor Robert Jensen, will whip up a big vegetarian meal for the both of them. Find one of her favorite dishes, Back-from-the-road rice and greens, at the bottom of the article.
6. Amy Corbin
Photography by Melanie Grizzel
Music promoter Amy Corbin prides herself on being able to put together a good meal in thirty minutes, so you know her cooking tips are good. Learn more about Corbin's German roots, her recipe for Chicken Bow Wow, as well as her juggling of three daughters and the running of C3 Presents.
7. Ray Benson
Photography by Melanie Grizzel
In this feature, Ray Benson shares plenty of his wisdom about life on the road, as well as his recipe for comforting corn soup. Benson is a connoisseur of cooking supplies, as he often spends his time on the tour bus shopping for his kitchen. Read up on his smoker, portable deep fryer, outdoor pizza oven, grill and the rest of his interesting kitchen collection.
Compiled by Darby Kendall
WELCOME to our live coverage of the 2018 Liqui-Moly Bathurst 12 Hour from trackside at Mount Panorama.
50 cars from 11 manufacturers will start this year's GT sports car enduro, with Chaz Mostert securing pole position in Saturday's Top 10 Shootout.
THE GRID: Where every car will start the Bathurst 12 Hour
WATCH: Davison avoids disaster in 200km/h double spin
The race gets underway at 5:45am AEDT. Follow all the action with our live blog below.
IF YOU CAN'T SEE THE BLOG BELOW, PLEASE CLICK HERE
In an interview with Sputnik, Russian military expert Viktor Litovkin stressed the importance of the development of Russia's fifth generation fighter jet, the T-50 , which he believes immensely benefitted the country's science and technology sector.
The fifth generation T-50 fighter jet, also known as the PAK FA, made its maiden flight in January 2010. Ayear later, the aircraft was presented at the MAKS-2011 air show. Mass production of the plane is due to begin later in 2017.
Earlier this month, a spokesperson for the United Engine Corporation told Sputnik that the T-50 is expected to carry out its maiden flight with a new engine in the fourth quarter of 2017.
© Sputnik/ Maksim Blinov A T-50 fighter performs demonstration flight during the International Aerospace Salon (MAKS 2015) in Zhukovsky near Moscow
Current T-50 prototypes are fitted with first-stage AL-41F1 turbofan engines manufactured by the aircraft engine maker Saturn. The second-stage, more powerful engines designated as "Izdeliye 30," are slated for production this year, ahead of the aircraft's planned mass production and delivery in 2018.
Speaking to Sputnik, Viktor Litovkin touted the new engine as more powerful and something that will help the T-50 fly in afterburner mode much longer than it can using its current engine.
Sukhoi T-50 PAK FA Stealth Fighter | 5th Genaration Multirole Stealth Aircraft: https://t.co/7rHcVsac87 via @YouTube — The Conflict (@kidsdogsvideos) 14 февраля 2017 г.
"This engine, which is quieter and more efficient, will help the T-50 fly at a speed exceeding that of the 4 ++ generation fighters," Litovkin said.
He also specifically emphasized the significance of continuing to produce the T-50, a process that he said helps promote Russia's science and technology sector.
"Yes, such a plane is needed because progress cannot be stopped. The creation of such an aircraft helps to promote not only aircraft engineering but also the creation of new materials, engines, control systems as well as electronics and electronic warfare systems. All this adds to boosting our technology and scientific research," Litovkin said.
The T-50 is a single-seat, twin-engine jet fighter, and the first operational aircraft in the Russian Aerospace Forces to use stealth technology. It was designed by the Sukhoi Design Bureau. The aircraft will be used to achieve air superiority and assist in ground attacks.
Russia's T-50 (PAK FA) after being fitted with new engine is expected to carry out its first flight in the fourth quarter of 2017. pic.twitter.com/chJw7saXNA — PAF Falcons (@PAF_Falcons) 14 февраля 2017 г.
Besides its ability to fly at speeds well above Mach 2, the T-50 boasts other, even more important, features such as invisibility to radar and powerful weapons. It is equipped with advanced avionics and a cutting-edge phased array radar system.
Touching upon the T-50's stealth characteristics, Litovkin mentioned "a whole combination of features that allows the aircraft to be 'invisible.'" These include special composite materials and a sophisticated electronic warfare system.
In June 2016, the T-50 was deemed by defense industry sources to have "reached a stage where its combat capabilities are capable and ready for mass production, for use by the Russian Aerospace Forces."
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - The newly published Nuclear Posture Review is based on a realistic evaluation of the world's security situation and the need to deter the use of nuclear weapons, US President Donald Trump said in a statement.
"After a year of thorough analysis and careful deliberations across our government, today, my Administration is announcing the conclusions of this review," Trump said Friday. "These conclusions are grounded in a realistic assessment of the global security environment, the need to deter the use of the most destructive weapons on earth, and our nation's long-standing commitment to nuclear non-proliferation."
© AP Photo/ Rick Bowmer US to Equip Future F-35 Fighters with Nuke Capabilities - Nuclear Posture Review
Trump said that while the United States made efforts to reduce the roles and numbers of nuclear weapons over the past decade, other nuclear nations were increasing their stockpiles, and "in some cases —pursued the development of new nuclear capabilities to threaten other nations."
The US president noted that the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review addresses those challenges.
"The strategy develops capabilities aimed at making use of nuclear weapons less likely. It enhances deterrence of strategic attacks against our Nation, and our allies and partners, that may not come in the form of nuclear weapons," Trump said.
© Photo: National Museum of the USAF Eagle's Claws Blunted: What's Driving the US Effort to Modernize Its Nuclear Arsenal
"And, importantly, it reaffirms our commitment to arms control and nuclear non-proliferation, maintains the moratorium on nuclear testing, and commits to improving efforts to prevent, detect, and respond to nuclear terrorism," he concluded.
Pentagon officials released the Nuclear Posture Review earlier on Friday, a document which sets forth the Trump administration's nuclear strategy and rationale for modernizing US sea, air and land-based strategic nuclear forces, also known as the Nuclear TRIAD.
CANCUN (KUSI) — Mexican health officials raided 31 restaurants, resorts and bars in an attempt to crack down on the illegal sale of tainted alcohol at tourist destinations after the death of a 20-year-old American.
Seventy-five gallons of tainted alcohol were seized and two businesses were shut down after raids on establishments in Playa del Carmen, Quintana Roo, Enrique de la Madrid and other popular tourism destinations, the Mexican Federal Commission for Protection against Health Risks said Friday.
The raids led Mexican officials to an unidentified alcohol manufacturer and were able to seize 10,000 gallons of illegal alcohol.
The U.S. State Department posted a warning to Americans traveling to Mexico over the condition of alcohol after the discovery that tainted alcohol led to the death of 20-year-old American Abbey Conner.
Conner lost consciousness in a hotel pool at Iberostar Paraiso Maya after consuming a few alcoholic beverages with her brother. She suffered brain damage and her parents decided to withdraw life support.
Iberostar Paraiso Maya was one of two bars temporarily shut down after the raid. The Fat Tuesday in Cancun was also closed due to failure to comply with health requirements. Several others were found to be insufficiently maintained, officials said.
About 36 percent of alcohol consumed in Mexico is potentially dangerous because it is illegally sold or produced under unregulated circumstances, according to a report by Euromonitor International in partnership with the Mexican Tax Administration Service. Two years prior, 43 percent of all alcohol consumed in the country was believed to be illegal.
PORT ORCHARD, Wash. — A Washington man has been charged for a marijuana operation that was found during a house fire that claimed his mother's life.
The Kitsap Sun reported Tuesday that 46-year-old Matthew Parham was charged with manufacture of marijuana. He had a bench warrant issued for his arrest earlier in June after he failed to attend a May court hearing.
Police say they found a clandestine marijuana grow and a extraction operation for THC, the active ingredient of cannabis, while they investigated the February house fire that killed Parham's mother.
According to document, Parham told a detective he was growing the marijuana. Washington state law says growers and processors require a license from state regulators.
Dear Editor,
You don't get to talk for a year about repealing VAT on electricity and healthcare then once elected, offer no plan to repeal VAT on electricity and healthcare and not get called on it.
You don't get to talk in vague terms for nearly three years about tax-free zones in the inner city then offer no tangible plan for tax-free zones in the inner city upon coming to office and not get critiqued for it.
You don't get to talk for months about some “secret deal” the PLP made with the Chinese and how, “When the FNM earns the right to serve the people, there will be no more secret deals, no more operating in the dark and abusing their power for their own benefit…”, then, after coming to power, make excuses for why the deal is still a secret and not get called on it.
It isn't reasonable to expect major shifts in the trajectory of the nation within 30 days, but it is quite reasonable to expect an executable plan and roadmap for the way forward on promises you campaigned on for months within that time.
It's not buyer's remorse. It's employer's expectation.
This isn't a game. These are people's lives you're dealing with. Get it together.
Signed,
– Juan McCartney Nassau Guardian
[This comment was taken off social media and we thought it important to share]
The Bayou Portage Bridge is stuck in the down position, causing a backup for evacuating boaters. (Photo source: WLOX)
The cities of Biloxi, Long Beach, and Pass Christian have ordered mandatory evacuations of their harbors as the threat of Tropical Storm Nate moves closer. Issues with a bridge are causing problems for some people looking to move their boats to safety.
The Bayou Portage Bridge is stuck in the down position, causing a backup for evacuating boaters.
At least a dozen boats are starting to line up in hopes of evacuation. They'll have to wait for the bridge to be repaired to go any further. pic.twitter.com/9yUWpH1Puv — Victor Williams (@VictorWLOX) October 6, 2017
Bridge operators tell us the problem appears to be electrical. They're working to make repairs, but it's unclear how long they will take.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All Rights Reserved.
Tyler Police say all fives suspects involved in the burglary of Atwoods have been arrested.
On Thursday, Tyler police identified all five suspects who they say were involved in the burglary and issued arrest warrants for the following suspects:
Jaleen Norton, 17, of Hawkins, Gakerrion Miller, 18, of Tyler, Cody Jones, 19, of Hawkins, Richard Levi Hammonds, 17, of Hawkins, and Krispen Wooten, 18, of Hawkins.
All five have been arrested and charged with Burglary of a Building - a 3rd degree felony.
On Saturday, September 30, Tyler police responded to Atwood's located at 3000 WNW Loop 323 around 4:50 a.m., on a report that the business had been burglarized. The store manager discovered that the front glass doors to the business had been broken out when he arrived to work.
After investigators reviewed the store video, five suspects were observed in the video committing the crime. The suspects stole eight rifles from the gun case and attempted to gain entry into another gun case. The suspects also stole ammunition and other assorted items.
Investigators have recovered some of the stolen guns and continue to recover the other stolen property.
Police say these same suspects are also believed to be responsible for a burglary that occurred in Mineola, Texas the same morning after the Atwood Burglary.
Related: Five suspects identified in Atwood's Burglary
Related: Tyler police release images of suspects' vehicle in Atwoods burglary
Not included in images: Jaleen Norton and Cody Jones.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
KNOXVILLE (WATE) — AAA says prices at the pump are holding steady, only declining fractions of a penny over the weekend.
Tennessee gas prices averaged $2.15 on Sunday. The state average is 1-cent more than last week and 24 cents more than last year.
Knoxville has one of the least expensive gas prices in the state at $2.13 per gallon, according to AAA. Memphis is at $2.21 and Nashville is at $2.16.
“Pump prices are moving slightly lower as refineries keep the market well supplied with gasoline,” said Mark Jenkins, spokesman, AAA – The Auto Club Group. “Gasoline supplies are outpacing demand as we enter the final weeks of the summer travel season. This should prevent any major gains in gas prices, unless oil prices rise in response to unexpected disruptions in supply due to international conflict, refinery issues, or a hurricane.”
Gasoline demand is on par with this time last year, yet gasoline supply levels are 2 percent stronger, according to AAA. They said this is because refiners are running at record highs thanks to favorable profit margins. As a result, gasoline inventories swelled and crude stocks dropped, according to the most recent supply report from the EIA for the week of August 4. Commercial crude oil supplies slipped for the fifth consecutive week, hitting the lowest level since October.
Mumbai: The 39-year-old businessman from Mumbai who was arrested on Sunday for allegedly molesting a teenage Bollywood actor on board a Delhi-Mumbai flight has reportedly told the police that the incident was unintentional.
The 17-year-old actress, in an Instagram post late Saturday night, had alleged that a passenger sitting behind her on an Air Vistara flight was rubbing his foot against her back and neck while she was half asleep. The actor posted a video in which she tearfully shared what happened on the flight.
quoted the wife and a friend of Vikas Sachdev - the arrested man - saying that he was tired and upset because of his uncle's death.
"His uncle died in Delhi, because of which he was in a state of shock and reached home late. The next morning we woke up to this actress shouting about molestation onboard," Mid-Day quoted Vikas Sachdev's wife Divya.
"My husband told me that he had been sleeping when his leg accidentally touched her hand; he apologised to her for that. My husband respects women. We always travel in business class but nothing like this has ever happened. Because of this incident, my entire family is disturbed. We want justice," the wife was quoted by Mid-Day.
A friend too came to the businessman's defence. "Vikas was upset and tired because of the death. He'd told the airhostess not to disturb him or even serve him the meal; he'd just asked for a blanket to sleep. When the flight was about to land, the actress shouted at him and said 'this is not your lounge; put your leg down'. He apologised to her and said it had happened inadvertently. He is innocent and doesn't have any past record either; the police can check," Kuldeep Bhargava told Mid-Day.
"The actress is making false allegations against my husband. Ours is a love marriage; we have been together for the last 16 years. My husband is innocent," Mid-Day quoted Vikas Sachdev's wife Divya.
Vikas Sachdev, who has been charged under child sexual offences laws among others, will be produced in court on Monday.
Aquinas University of Legazpi has officially been renamed as University of Santo Tomas-Legazpi, officially integrating with the University of Santo Tomas
Published 7:38 AM, December 12, 2017
LEGAZPI CITY, Philippines – The Bicol region's sole Dominican university, Aquinas University of Legazpi, has officially been renamed as University of Santo Tomas-Legazpi, officially integrating with the country's oldest university, the University of Santo Tomas, on Thursday, August 7.
Fr. Ernesto M. Arceo, rector and president of UST-Legazpi, said that it is now the first UST outside Manila.
"The best practices of two institutions will be duplicated to upgrade the quality of education,” he said.
Arceo also said that the integration will allow them to bring in professors from UST Manila, especially for science-related courses.
The 70-year-old institution is the biggest Catholic university in Bicol, offering courses in the fields of law, medical courses, architecture, engineering, accountancy, teacher education and other arts and sciences courses.
Independent
Fr. Herminio Dagohoy, Rector Magnifico of UST Manila, clarified however that UST Legazpi will remain an independent university and will retain its own board of trustees.
“I will just be an ex-officio member of the Board of Trustees of UST Legazpi," he said.
Dagohoy said that the two universities have already been closely collaborating even before the integration, with UST already supervising some of UST-Legazpi's master's programs, including Pharmacy and Law.
“The collaboration will continue and will include other disciplines. It will depend on UST-Legazpi to determine what programs to follow,” he said.
The Aquinas University Hospital will also be renamed as UST-Legazpi Hospital.
"The UST Hospital resident physicians, experts, [and] interns will also be coming in to UST-Legazpi Hospital and vice versa,” Arceo said.
Integration of Dominican schools
The move to rename the region's Dominican institution was based on a plan to integrate Dominican educational institutions to follow only two “traditions” or educational systems: Santo Tomas and Letran.
Aquinas is just one of the Dominican schools who signed a memorandum of intent (MOI) in December 2014 to ‘integrate' with University of Santo Tomas. Angelicum College Quezon City and Angelicum School Iloilo will also serve as satellite campuses, bearing the name of UST.
The Angelicum College of Quezon City already signed a memorandum of agreement that would turn it to UST-Angelicum College and installing UST's rector as the its own rector and chief executive officer.
UST campuses in Laguna and General Santos are also in the pipeline. – Rappler.com
According to the WHO, dengue– a form of Hemorrhagic fever - causes nearly 400 million infections and thousands of deaths every year. The disease turns into a kind of epidemic in Indian cities when the temperatures soar and humidity and rainfall facilitate the breeding of mosquitoes that are carriers of the deadly Dengue virus.
New Delhi (Sputnik) — India's alternative medical practitioners (Ayurveda) have developed a drug that can cure Dengue — the fastest growing mosquito-borne disease in the world. The Ayurvedic medicine is likely to hit the market some time next year.
In 2017, India registered a total of 15,7220 cases of dengue and 250 deaths due to the disease (as of December 24), as per the National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme (NVBDCP) data. In 2016, the country registered 12,9166 cases and 245 deaths. Practitioners of alternative medicines are optimistic that the new drug will prove to be a panacea for the people.
READ MORE: Scientists Develop $5 Instant Test for Dengue & Zika Virus
"Ayurveda like Naturopathy is an age-old science of medicine proven with generations of research and study. The knowledge was not for the most part in written form and was dependent on oral traditions. Glad that some breakthrough has happened finally with Ayurveda coming in handy for the Dengue disease. More such cures can evolve if the traditional medical systems are helped to grow," Dr. Anil J, Naturopathy practitioner, and advocate of alternative therapies for human wellness told Sputnik.
© REUTERS / Romeo Ranoco Philippines Suspends Sale of Dengvaxia Dengue Vaccine Over Risk to Patients
This drug has been made with seven herbal ingredients which have been in use in the Ayurveda system of medicine for centuries.
"Indian scientists have formulated an Ayurvedic drug to cure dengue, claimed to be the first in the world, and the medicine is likely to be available on the market by next year. The Central Council for Research in Ayurvedic Sciences (CCRAS), an autonomous body under the Ministry of AYUSH and ICMR's, a regional research center in Belgaum in the state of Karnataka, have already conducted pilot studies which have proved the clinical safety and efficacy of the drug," the Hindustan Times reported.
Dengue has emerged as a major health problem in tropical countries and is drawing the attention of government and all health agencies due to its fatality and treatment limitations in the conventional system.
READ MORE: Hanoi Health Authorities Warn of Dengue Outbreak Possibility
"The Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial, which is a medical study involving human participants and is an internationally accepted method of testing, is going on in the medical colleges of Belgaum and Kolar," Vaidya K S Dhiman, Director General of CCRAS told the media.
The Indian government has recognized the streams of alternative medicines of Naturopathy, Ayurveda, Yoga, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy in a separate department allied AYUSH under the ministry of health and funds the research and development of the streams of medicine through its apex research agencies for each stream.
UPDATE 1-Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following his conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
* Trump has said meeting to be "a very difficult one"
* Investors fret over Trump's protectionist stance on trade
* Tesla up on record quarterly vehicle deliveries
* Futures up: Dow 15 pts, S&P 0.5 pts, Nasdaq 5.75 pts (Adds details, comments, updates prices)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 3 U.S. stocks were set to open flat on Monday, the first trading day of the second quarter, with investors awaiting President Donald Trump's first meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping later this week.
Trump said in a tweet on Thursday that the meeting would be "a very difficult one" as the United States could not risk massive trade deficits and job losses.
"The market was a little taken aback by Trump's comments recently about the meeting," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital in Bernardsville, New Jersey.
"The market will be anxious and will be eager to glean whatever they get from those talks."
While investors have cheered Trump's promises for fiscal stimulus and tax cuts, they worry his protectionist stance on trade could affect U.S. companies.
Dow e-minis were up 15 points, or 0.07 percent at 8:33 a.m. ET (1233 GMT), with 19,628 contracts changing hands.
S&P 500 e-minis were up 0.5 points, or 0.02 percent, with 113,997 contracts traded.
Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 5.75 points, or 0.11 percent, on volume of 20,592 contracts.
"Either this is a rest before we move higher or it is the beginning of a top for a little while, and I think earnings will be the arbiter of that decision," Bakhos said.
Wall Street's major indexes are near record highs after a strong rally in the first quarter. Investors are turning their attention to the impending earnings season to justify lofty valuations.
Overall earnings at S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen about 10 percent in the first quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The benchmark S&P 500 index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, above its long-term average of 15.
Among stocks, Tesla was up 2.2 percent at $284.35 premarket after the electric carmaker said on Sunday its vehicle deliveries increased 69 percent in the first quarter.
Accenture was down 2.8 percent at $116.54 after Goldman Sachs downgraded the stock to "sell" from "neutral".
Novocure jumped nearly 57 percent to $12.70 after reporting positive data on a combination cancer therapy on Friday. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru, additional reporting by Dhara Ranasinghe; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
Industrial umpire Donna McKenna is no stranger to disputes.
But after her "unhappy experiences" complaining that advice from a celebrity "financial guru" would have cost her $500,000, the Fair Work commissioner wonders what hope there is for everyday Australians.
Ms McKenna went to Sam Henderson for advice after seeing him on television and reading his articles in publications such as the Australian Financial Review and Money Magazine.
She also knew his advisory firm Henderson Maxwell had been named the Association of Financial Advisers' 2016 practice of the year.
But the advice she received was "risible", Ms McKenna told the banking royal commission.
"I can remember saying to my son words to the effect I can't believe this.
"I've been to see the financial planner of the year and this is what you get.
"I thought that if I went to an independently-owned financial planning firm that I wouldn't be subjected to product flogging of the type associated with the big banks, and yet, all I'm being flogged is Henderson Maxwell's own products and services."
The commission heard Ms McKenna would have lost $500,000 "just like that" if she had followed the advice, as she would have forfeited her rights to that entire deferred lump sum benefit if she accessed her superannuation before the earliest retirement age of 58.
Mr Henderson blamed the problems with the advice on an error in the research conducted by a paraplanner.
He offered a refund of the $4950 upfront plan preparation fee but Ms McKenna took her complaint to another professional body, the Financial Planning Association, in March 2017.
The complaint and disciplinary process has not been finalised.
Ms McKenna said she felt she had a public duty to share her story and "unhappy experiences with the FPA" with the royal commission.
"If someone with my educational and occupational background hits a wall when you endeavour to engage proper disciplinary processes, what hope would someone who does not have those type of occupational background and skills - what hope are other people going to have?
"It seems that it is going to take a royal commission so that I can find out what happened to my complaint before the FPA."
FPA CEO Dante De Gori will give evidence about the disciplinary system within the financial advice sector when the commission hearing resumes on Thursday.
1 of 9
WHEN most people move out of a house, they hold a garage sale to dispose of items they no longer need or want. But when it is a heritage house you are talking about, a garage sale simply will not do. Instead you dispose of the contents through a proper auction. After all, these include paintings by National Artists, precious knick-knacks, and fantastic antiques.
The contents of the heritage house of Dr. and Mrs. Alejandro Roces Legarda, are the highlights in Leon Gallery's seventh online auction on April 27 and 28.
The house — one of the first Art Deco homes in Manila — is located across Malacañang Palace, on San Rafael St., San Miguel, Manila. After being called home by generations of the family, it went on to become the well-loved restaurant Cocina de Tita Moning which closed in 2016 after 15 years of service.
The furniture and fixtures of the home are exquisite examples from the 1920s to the 1930s, said Leon Gallery director Jaime Ponce de Leon.
Among these are the painting La Inocencia by Felix Resureccion Hidalgo — but this however, is not for sale. There are, however, other Hidalgo items up for bid including his certificate for a silver award for his 1889 Paris Expo's La Parisienne (P100,000 starting bid price), some stamps (P200,000), and a set of books about him (P10,000).
Another bit of history is an envelope addressed to Don Pedro Paterno from Ferdinand Blumentritt, which starts at P5,000.
Over 600 lots are available for view online (https://leon-gallery.com).
Some of the furniture and objets d'art come from the collections of respected antiquarian, art critic, and jeweller Ramon N. Villegas, and National Artist Jose Joya (his painting Space Transfiguration recently became the most expensive auctioned artwork in the country when it sold for P122 million earlier this year).
Among the artworks on sale are pieces by Juvenal Sanso, Arturo Luz, and Hernando R. Ocampo, as well as watercolors by Carlos V. Francisco.
Rare pieces of Lalique porcelain and silver, Chinoiserie, early Filipino furniture, china, books, and photographs are all part of this extensive and well-rounded sale.
Interior decorator Antonio Paolo del Rosario did the curation and design for the physical exhibit of the lots which is ongoing until April 26 from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. at Leon Gallery, Eurovilla 1, Rufino corner Legazpi Streets., Legazpi Village, Makati City.
All bidding will be done online at www.leonexchange.com. The online will be on April 27 and 28. For details visit www.leon-gallery.com, e-mail info@leon-gallery.com, or call 856-2781. — Nickky Faustine D. de Guzman
SYDNEY China called off a visit by two Australian politicians after it took offence to a letter that called on it to address allegations of human right abuses, two sources familiar with the planned tour told Reuters on Thursday.
The members of parliament, one from the ruling coalition government and one from the opposition Labor Party, were scheduled to visit as part a parliamentary investigation into a rising tide of synthetic drugs trafficked from southern China.
But after the receipt of a letter from 11 countries - including Australia, Canada and Japan - calling on Beijing to investigate allegations of torture against human rights lawyers - the tour was cancelled, the sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they are not authorised to talk to the media, told Reuters.
"They were told from Beijing that their visit could not be accommodated and following advice from Australia's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade, the tour was cancelled," said one source.
Chinese President Xi Jinping's administration has tightened control over almost every aspect of civil society since 2012, citing the need to buttress national security and stability.
During that time, China has detained or questioned hundreds of human rights lawyers and other government critics, international rights groups have said. It routinely accuses rights lawyers of collaborating with "foreign hostile forces" to undermine state power. Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop was last week forced to hold an emergency meeting with the Chinese ambassador to head off any possible diplomatic fallout after Canberra failed to ratify an extradition treaty with China.
The failure was a rare dent to Sino-Australia relations, which have improved in recent months, culminating in the spate of trade agreements signed in March following a visit by Chinese Premier Li Keqiang.
(Reporting by Colin Packham; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Following President Donald Trump's directive to release House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes' (R-CA) anti-FBI memo Friday afternoon, the White House released a statement saying Trump has “great respect” for the law enforcement and intelligence community.
“This decision was made with input from the President's national security team —including law enforcement officials and members of the intelligence community, for whom the President has great respect,” she said. “He is especially grateful to the hardworking rank-and-file public servants who work every day to keep America safe and uphold our laws while protecting the constitutional rights of all Americans.”
The statement comes after Trump decided to release the memo that his own Department of Justice and FBI Director warned him against releasing, saying they had “grave concerns about material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy.”
Trump has spent months denigrating the FBI and making claims about an anti-Trump bias within the agency.
Read the full statement from White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders:
Aug 11 (Reuters) - Halitron-
* Halitron Inc forms strategic acquisition team Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
In 2017, filmmaker Oliver Kyr embarked on a 10,000-kilometer trip through Europe. Accompanied by his wife and his three-year old daughter, he traveled in a camper van, equipped with his film camera. The adventurous journey became a search for animal rights activists, a journey which eventually resulted in the production of a documentary. Director Oliver Kyr told DW how "Citizen Animal – A Quest for Animal Rights" was made.
DW: You not only directed the film but also worked on it as a cameraman, sound engineer and screenwriter. Most filmmakers would probably consider it risky to do all these jobs at once. Why did you go for it? Was it a kind of experiment?
Oliver Kyr: My family and I have lived in cars since 2015. We had come to the conclusion that the world into which our daughter was born isn't what we would like it to be. There are too many problems all over, which is why we decided to do our best to help solve these problems. And my wife and I were aware of the fact that we wouldn't be able to do that as long as we continued to live our normal lives in Berlin.
We decided to make a fresh start by moving into a camper van. We sold or donated all our possessions. Almost our entire property.Then we took off to carry out projects that would inspire people to accept the necessary changes in lifestyle to actively help save our planet.
A very young animal rights activist: Oliver Kyr and his wife took their young daughter along on the trip
In January 2017, it was extremely cold in Germany. As we had already bought our camper van, we decided to just do what lots of other people do during this season: we went south, to southern Spain, on a two-month vacation. Along the way, we passed through a village where dogs and cats have been given citizen rights. I said to my wife: "Let's make a short stop there to shoot a little two-minute film for Youtube, and then we'll continue our vacation."
The people we encountered in the village greatly inspired us. We stayed for an entire week to do interviews. And then the inhabitants of Trigueras de Vallos advised us to also visit the Santuario de Animales, an animal sanctuary nearby. They had built an entire rehab facility for a pig there. So we visited the animal hospital and from there, people recommended further places for us to visit. At that point, we were already right in the middle of making a documentary that we hadn't planned.
In Germany, animal protection is often associated with neglected or tortured animals. What kind of experiences did you have on the various stops of your film trip through Europe?
One of our very first stops was at a well-known shelter near Madrid that houses almost 300 dogs. When Carmen, the head of the shelter, told us the stories of these dogs, I immediately felt the immense love that she gave to these animals. Without a single exception, all the people we met during our trip exuded this love for animals.
Dogs at an animal sanctuary in Spain enthusiastically welcome the filmmakers
In Germany, there's a tendency to marginalize animal rights activists, some of whom are often even considered "militant." In Spain, by contrast, there's even a mayor who has conceded special rights to animals. Where does this kind of official love for animals come from?
That village has even been dubbed "world capital of animals." Animals weren't only given special animal rights, but official citizen rights. The animals are called vecinos, which means "neighbors" in Spanish. At first, I had the suspicion that perhaps this was just a marketing gag, or an abstract philosophical concept. But neither of those designations would entail judicial consequences.
The mayor explained to us: When someone beats or maltreats a dog, the animal is immediately taken away from him, and then we look for a better home for him. And such actions are legal. The little Spanish village has already had an impact on other villages and even foreign countries, where animal rights activists are trying to follow its example.
What kind of different experiences did you have in the other European countries that you traveled through?
It's often claimed that in southern European countries, animals are treated in a particularly cruel way, and that their natural rights are denied to them. I rather gained the impression that the topic is being discussed there in a highly polarizing fashion. In Spain, there are still death camps where street dogs are simply killed. On the other hand, animal rights activists have gained more ground there. Two of Europe's biggest animal sanctuaries are located in Spain.
On the one hand, animal rights are extremely neglected in Spain, and there's a lot cruelty as you can witness at bullfights and such things. But on the other hand, there are people who are highly committed to animal rights.
Oliver Kyr also met famous British ethologist Jane Goodall
In Switzerland, to name another example, there is a widespread public awareness about the fact that animals aren't things, that they have feelings and emotions, that they suffer from pain and whatnot.That kind of awareness is not yet prevalent elsewhere, certainly not in Romania where street dogs are killed in an extremely cruel fashion.
For your documentary, you didn't only interview animal rights activists, but also a vegan chef. To what extent has the vegan movement brought about a change in public awareness on the treatment of animals?
I think that what inspires most people who live in a vegan way is their love of animals. And the awareness that we do not have the right to eat them. In this regard, the vegan movement has played an important role in the strengthening of animal rights.
After watching our film, viewers have quite often started a debate. Obviously, the film stirs controversy and viewers start to argue with each other. I appreciate the fact that at least my film has triggered an important debate.
"Citizen Animal – A Quest for Animal Rights" (2018) will hit selected German movie theaters April 26, 2018.
Marquez, who ran for Parañaque City vice mayor in the 2016 elections, is the son of actor-turned-politician Joey Marquez
Published 3:35 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Actor-turned-politician Jeremy Marquez is President Rodrigo Duterte's latest celebrity appointee.
Marquez, son of actor-turned-politician Joey Marquez, is now deputy secretary-general of the Housing and Urban Development Coordinating Council (HUDCC).
Duterte signed his appointment document on August 10.
Back in the early 2000s, Jeremy was thought to be pursuing a career in showbiz when he starred in some local television shows.
But Jeremy, a political science graduate from De La Salle University Dasmariñas, shifted to politics in 2007 when he ran and won as BF Homes barangay captain. He won two more terms after that.
After becoming the president of Parañaque City's Liga ng mga Barangay, he became a member of the Sangguniang Panlungsod or City Council. He ran for Parañaque vice mayor in the 2016 elections under the Nacionalista Party but lost.
His father, Joey, served as Parañaque's mayor for 3 terms.
Other appointees
Aside from Marquez, Duterte signed appointment papers of 24 others this August.
Among This is the appointment of Presidential Consultant for Education Jose David Lapuz as member of the UNESCO (United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization) National Commission of the Philippines.
He is tasked with representing the "education, scientific, and cultural agencies of the government," according to his appointment document.
Lapuz's appointment as presidential consultant came under fire since he is a self-confessed plagiarizer. Plagiarism is a wrongdoing particularly looked down upon in the education sector.
Fr Alexander Balatbat of the Roman Archdiocese of Antipolo was also appointed by Duterte as Special Envoy for Interfaith Dialogue. His term is set to expire after 6 months.
Here are the appointment papers signed by Duterte this August:
– Rappler.com
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. - Terry Kimball, an Uber passenger in St. Petersburg punched by his driver, has died as a result of his injuries, officials said Saturday, Aug. 12.
St. Petersburg police said no charges have been filed yet and the investigation continues.
Police said at 7:30 p.m. Thursday, Uber driver Kabir O' Farril Diaz, 38, picked up 56-year-old passenger Terry L. Kimball.
They had a dispute over the route the driver was taking. Diaz pulled over at a Quick Pick Foods store in St. Petersburg, where they had a physical altercation.
Authorities said the driver punched Kimball, and he did not regain consciousness.
"I saw this guy laying on the ground. This woman was pressing on his chest trying to bring him back," Carlton Reid said. "He wasn't responsive. It was pretty tough, really I was really scared, I didn't know what was going on with him and I was pretty worried."
Reid said he witnessed the aftermath of the fight.
Kimball went to the hospital with serious brain trauma and life-threatening injuries.
Police said a witness told them Kimball appeared to be the aggressor. A friend of Diaz told Tampa-based WFTS reporter Michael Paluska he has a baby on the way and is not a violent person.
According to Pinellas County court records Kimball's been arrested multiple times for crimes that include DUI, simple battery, resisting arrest, and disorderly intoxication.
"That's very sad," Reid said. "It really is I would like to know what happened now, truly."
Investigators are speaking with witnesses and they say Diaz, who has not been charged at this time, is cooperating.
VOL. 41 | NO. 40 | Friday, October 06, 2017
WASHINGTON (AP) — In a one-two punch elating religious conservatives, President Donald Trump's administration is allowing more employers to opt out of no-cost birth control for workers and issuing sweeping religious-freedom directions that could override many anti-discrimination protections for LGBT people and others.
At a time when Trump finds himself embattled on many fronts, the two directives — issued almost simultaneously on Friday — demonstrated the president's eagerness to retain the loyalty of social conservatives who make up a key part of his base. Leaders of that constituency were exultant.
"President Trump is demonstrating his commitment to undoing the anti-faith policies of the previous administration and restoring true religious freedom," said Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council.
Liberal advocacy groups, including those supporting LGBT and reproductive rights, were outraged.
"The Trump administration is saying to employers, 'If you want to discriminate, we have your back,'" said Fatima Goss Graves, president of National Women's Law Center.
Her organization is among several that are planning to challenge the birth-control rollback in court. The American Civil Liberties Union filed such a lawsuit less than three hours after the rules were issued.
"The Trump administration is forcing women to pay for their boss' religious beliefs," said ACLU senior staff attorney Brigitte Amiri. "We're filing this lawsuit because the federal government cannot authorize discrimination against women in the name of religion or otherwise."
Xavier Becerra, the Democratic attorney general of California, said he planned to file a similar lawsuit as soon as feasible. Other Democratic attorneys general said they were mulling the same step.
Both directives had been in the works for months, with activists on both sides of a culture war on edge about the timing and the details.
The religious-liberty directive, issued by Attorney General Jeff Sessions, instructs federal agencies to do as much as possible to accommodate those who claim their religious freedoms are being violated. The guidance effectively lifts a burden from religious objectors to prove that their beliefs about marriage or other topics that affect various actions are sincerely held.
"Except in the narrowest circumstances, no one should be forced to choose between living out his or her faith and complying with the law," Sessions wrote.
In what is likely to be one of the more contested aspects of the document, the Justice Department states that religious organizations can hire workers based on religious beliefs and an employee's willingness "to adhere to a code of conduct." Many conservative Christian schools and faith-based agencies require employees to adhere to moral codes that ban sex outside marriage and same-sex relationships, among other behavior.
The Alliance Defending Freedom, a conservative Christian law firm, called it "a great day for religious freedom." But JoDee Winterhof of the Human Rights Campaign, a national LGBT-rights group, depicted the two directives as "an all-out assault, on women, LGBT people and others" as the administration fulfilled a "wish list" of the religious right.
The new policy on contraception, issued by the Department of Health and Human Services, allows more categories of employers, including publicly traded companies, to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections — another step in rolling back President Barack Obama's health care law that required most companies to cover birth control at no additional cost.
Employers with religious or moral qualms will also be able to cover some birth control methods, and not others. Experts said that could interfere with efforts to promote modern long-acting implantable contraceptives, such as IUDs, which are more expensive.
The top Democrat in the House of Representatives, Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, said the birth-control rollback was despicable.
"This administration's contempt for women reaches a new low with this appalling decision to enable employers and health plans to deny women basic coverage for contraception," she said.
On the Republican side, however, House Speaker Paul Ryan welcomed the decision, calling it "a landmark day for religious liberty."
The new policy took effect on Friday, but its impact won't be known immediately and may not be dramatic.
"I can't imagine that many employers are going to be willing to certify that they have a moral objection to standard birth control methods," said Dan Mendelson, president of the consulting firm Avalere Health.
Nonetheless, he worried that the new rules would set a precedent for undermining basic health benefits required under federal law. The administration has estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of female employees paying with their own money for birth control pills has plunged to 3 percent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Many Catholic hospitals now rely on an Obama-era workaround under which the government pays for the cost of birth control coverage. That workaround can continue under the new rules.
Despite that workaround, there have been extensive legal battles waged by religious institutions and other parties challenging the birth-control mandate. The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops hailed the new policy as a "return to common sense" that would enhance "peaceful coexistence" between church and state.
Doctors' groups that were instrumental in derailing Republican plans to repeal Obama's health law outright expressed their dismay.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
"Instead of fulfilling its mission 'to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans,' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health," said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
___
Crary reported from New York. Associated Press writers Sadie Gurman and Eric Tucker in Washington and Religion Writer Rachel Zoll in New York contributed to this report.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
BRIEF-Wells Fargo Bank increases prime rate to 4.25 percent
* Says ‍increasing its prime rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective tomorrow, June 15, 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW YORK May 2 The margin of investors who are bearish on longer-dated U.S. Treasuries over those who are bullish held at a two-month high before the Federal Reserve's two-day policy meeting, J.P. Morgan's latest Treasury client survey showed on Tuesday.
The U.S. central bank was widely expected to leave its interest rate target in a range of 0.75-1.00 percent after it raised it to that level in March.
Fed policymakers' upcoming meeting will end on Wednesday.
The share of "short" investors who said they were holding fewer longer-dated U.S. government securities than their portfolio benchmarks rose to 25 percent from 22 percent in the prior week, according to the J.P. Morgan survey.
J.P. Morgan surveyed clients including bond fund managers, central banks and sovereign wealth funds.
The share of "long" investors who said they were holding more longer-dated Treasuries than their benchmarks rose to 16 percent from 14 percent.
Short investors outnumbered long investors by nine points, the most since the week of Feb. 21. A week ago, they were net short by eight points.
On Tuesday, the yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury was 2.313 percent, compared with 2.329 percent a week earlier, according to Reuters data.
On the other hand, active clients, which included market makers and hedge funds, remained overall bullish on longer-dated Treasuries for a third straight week, the J.P. Morgan survey showed.
Thirty percent of them said they were long, 10 percent said they were short and 60 percent said they were neutral, the same as a week ago. (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
SOFIA May 3 Bulgaria's centre-right GERB party named ministers on Wednesday in a coalition govenrment that will see its leader Boiko Borisov return as prime minister for the third time since 2009.
The party, which won national elections in March, named Vladislav Goranov as finance minister, a post he held in Borisov's last government.
Junior coalition partner United Patriots (UP), an alliance of three nationalist parties, secured two deputy prime minister posts and control over defence and other ministries.
Parliament is expected to approve the names in a vote on Thursday. (Reporting by Tsvetelia Tsolova)
April 28 Sporting Clube de Braga Futebol SAD :
* Said on Thursday it agreed with player Andre Pinto to the early termination of the contractual bond between both parties which was valid until June 30
Source text: bit.ly/2pavBmi
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
OTTAWA, CANADA — Tattoos are for life, people. For one woman, it's looking more like a life sentence.
24-year old model Catt Gallinger from Canada got a tattoo in a place you'd never think of: her eye.
It's called a Sclera tattoo, which inks the white part of your eye, but Catt's tat went horribly wrong.
Doctors told her she could go permanently blind and her mental health started to suffer.
In a Facebook video, Catt said, “I'm not doing any of the things that I do to enjoy my time because quite frankly I don't have the inspiration or the drive to do them.”
Now she's telling her story on social media in hopes people will think twice about inking up their eyeballs. “It's not worth it,” she said. “It'll never be worth it.”
It's not all bad news, though!
Catt told NewsFix she and her doctors “Will be looking into how to remove the excess ink.”
Plus, her vision is slowly but surely making a return! “My vision right now is 20/20 which means my vision is back, it's still a little blurry but for the most part it is back.”
Catt isn't the only one with eye problems. A woman in china went blind in one eye because of playing a game on her phone for a whole day! Doctors say it was brought on by excessive tiredness and they don't know whether her vision will come back.
Moral of the story: take care of your eyes, people!
by
Class of 2018 guard Lexie Pritchard of West Linn (OR) will give Santa Clara another solid option on the perimeter.
Pritchard guided FAST through the rigors of the Nike EYBL circuit. During the process, she proved that she's one of the state's premier players in the senior class.
ProspectsNation.com Managing Editor, Chris Hansen had this to say about Pritchard's game after his CheckMeOutShowcase:
“Pritchard is a camp/showcase standout because she captures your attention in the drill work. She's clearly a player that logs hours in the gym working on her skill. She handles it well with both hands and has a sweet jumper. She showed well in the 5-on-5 live play with some crafty passes and of course the jumper. She plays with a lot of confidence on the floor.”
Brandon Clay is the owner of the JumpOffPlus.com International Report, Peach State Basketball, Inc., and ProspectsNation.com. The JumpOffPlus.com is picked up by more than 200 colleges and universities nationwide. In addition to serving as ProspectsNation.com WNBA Director of Scouting, Clay serves as the Executive Camp Director for the Elite Basketball Academy Camps. He is a McDonald's All-American Game Selection Committee member. Clay serves on the Naismith Trophy Men's / Women's College Player of the Year Academy and is the National Coordinator of Voting for the Boys / Girls All-American Teams. He has been involved in the community since 2001. You can reach Clay at BrandonClay@PeachStateBasketball.com
Jonathan Hemingway is the Assistant Director of Scouting for the JumpOffPlus.com International Scouting Report, is on the Naismith Trophy Board of Selectors and owns CoachHemi.com, the go-to source for coaches for X's and O's. He is the floor director of #TeamEBA camps, a site director for #TeamPSB tournaments and can be reached at jonathanhemingway@peachstatebasketball.com.
Boyce Honored with Stephen D. Bechtel Pipeline Engineering Award
0 comments Posted on Aug 14, 2017 in News
Glenn M. Boyce, Ph.D., P.E., F.ASCE, a Principal with McMillen Jacobs Associates, received the ASCE 2017 Stephen D. Bechtel Pipeline Engineering Award on Tuesday, Aug. 8, at the 2017 Utility Engineering & Surveying Institute's Pipelines Conference. The prestigious award honors Boyce for his “numerous contributions to the engineering profession as a seasoned practitioner, educator and author, expanding design and construction realms of utility pipelines, tunnels, shafts, geotechnical engineering, and all aspects of trenchless technologies.”
RELATED: 2017 Microtunneling Achievement Award Winners Announced
Boyce, a supervising tunnel and geotechnical engineer, has over 30 years of professional experience covering every aspect of tunnel, shaft, and geotechnical engineering, including exploration and assessment. He has published numerous articles about trenchless technology, as well as two books and two manuals. He has been acknowledged for his expertise in trenchless engineering on numerous occasions, including as Trenchless Technology magazine's “2009 Trenchless Technology Person of the Year.” He holds a Ph.D. in geological engineering from University of California, Berkeley, an M.S. in geotechnical engineering and a B.S. in civil engineering from Drexel University.
The ASCE Pipeline Division Award of Excellence was established in 1988 by the Pipeline Division. It recognizes outstanding achievements in pipeline engineering, and honors individuals who have made a definitive contribution to the advancement of pipeline engineering, either in research, planning, design, or construction.
RELATED: Developing the New Microtunneling Standard
TBM Online - 2017
McGill University campus is seen Tuesday, June 21, 2016 in Montreal. The author of a controversial article about Quebec that appeared in Maclean's magazine this week has stepped down from his post at McGill University.Andrew Potter said in a social media post Thursday his resignation as director of the Institute for the Study of Canada was effective immediately. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Paul Chiasson ORG XMIT: CPT105
Canadian universities are preoccupied with attracting foreign students to boost revenues but should be concentrating on preparing the country to meet future technological challenges.
There are now 192,000 full and part-time overseas university students in the country, a cohort the size of Regina, out of a total of 1.7 million enrolled students.
But the percentages of foreign enrolment has been leaping and a recent report by a University of British (UBC) Columbia Professor Peter Wylie said they are displacing domestic students, notably in important areas such as engineering.
“International students are now able to get into UBC with lower grades than those needed of domestic students in many, perhaps all, programs,” he said. “Meanwhile, many domestic students are on waiting lists to get into these courses. So international students definitely do displace foreign students.”
Universities have aggressively recruited abroad because foreign students pay dramatically higher tuition than domestic students.
In the past decade, for example, the University of Toronto increased the percentage of its foreign enrolment in all courses from 10 per cent to 20 per cent. At UBC, one-third of first-year students were international.
These two schools have the highest proportions, but all are scrambling to catch up and this year's foreign-to-domestic ratio hit a new peak. McGill had the highest level, with international students making up 30.7 per cent of first-year students, at Bishops it was 29.6 per cent, at the University of Toronto 25.7 per cent, and at Dalhousie and Waterloo roughly 20 per cent.
In graduate schools, involving medicine or other critical sectors, international enrolments are higher still: 57 per cent at Windsor University, 50 per cent at Memorial University and 40 per cent at Concordia University and another dozen schools.
UBC, and others where percentages are high such as University of Toronto, deny that Canadian students are being displaced, but the trajectory is obvious.
There's another critical issue besides public institutions becoming for-profit cash cows.
Canada must identify those credentials and skills that are strategically important to meeting the needs of the future economy such as science, technology, engineering, and computer science. These courses must be offered to Canadians only and not to outsiders who will take these skills home and build their economies in order to compete against Canada.
Besides that, in the next two decades, there will be a need to retrain and upgrade Canada's labour force in its economic pillars – oil and gas, mining, auto manufacturing and banking. All these sectors will be massively disrupted by technologies and unemployment will result.
There is little doubt that training more Canadian engineers and technologists will be key to maintaining our living standards and is preferable to training others who may, or may not, stay.
Most leave, according to figures.
In some disciplines such as medicine, foreigners are already replacing Canadians, forcing many to seek training elsewhere. Then, having become properly trained in Australia or the U.S. or certified schools abroad, those Canadians are denied entry due to protectionism by Canada's medical profession.
Another worrisome indicator points to a shortfall in educational opportunities for Canadians. The Ontario Ministry of Advanced Education said that foreign student attendance in universities soared by 88.5 per cent since 2010 while enrolment of domestic students grew seven per cent. That means that fewer Canadians are attending university — a bad sign for any country facing technological disruption.
It is time to rein in publicly funded educational institutions from pursuing the foreign student bonanza. Their principal obligation has been, and must be, to provide education and training to Canadians.
First published Financial Post March 19
People gather at the Nio booth, at the Shanghai Auto Show, during its media day, in Shanghai, China April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
ES8 SUV of the Chinese electric vehicle start-up Nio is unveiled at the Shanghai autoshow, in Shanghai, China April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
People gather at the booth of Chinese electric vehicle start-up Nio as it unveils its ES8 SUV at the Shanghai autoshow, in Shanghai, China April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
SHANGHAI Of dozens of startup electric carmakers in China, only two or three will be around in five years' time, the chief of Nio told Reuters on Thursday, after the automaker unveiled its first production car aimed at taking on Tesla Inc's Model X.
China's government has been promoting electric vehicles in its battle with urban smog, with startups flooding the market after it opened up the sector to investment from technology firms and non-automotive backers.
"A car business is the world's toughest business to start," Chairman William Li said in Chinese on the sidelines of the Shanghai auto show. "If you look in five years, there won't be more than two or three companies reaching the minimum level of sales needed."
Nio, formerly NextEV, has lined its coffers with big-name investors, recently closing a second round of funding led by tech firms Tencent Holdings Ltd and Baidu Inc, Li said. He declined to state the size of investment or the automaker's valuation.
The company now has nearly 40 investors, expanding its backers from five or six early founding investors, he said.
Nio unveiled its first mass production car on Wednesday at the Shanghai show - the ES8 pure-electric, seven-seat sport-utility vehicle. The model is set to go on sale next year with more features than the Tesla Model X at a lower price, Li said.
He said there is an opportunity for Nio to succeed by focusing only on electric cars and offering better service and digital functionality, areas where traditional carmakers have difficulty.
"Traditional car companies aren't seriously doing this," Li said. "Their focus is still on hybrids and traditional cars."
(Reporting by Jake Spring and Norihiko Shirouzu; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
Sound ethics requires ethical leadership
Ethics is a key issue for both the private and public sector, instilling confidence in its stakeholders including, staff, customers, investors as well as the public.
By Thapelo Petje, executive director: group strategic sales at Jasco Group
However, there are many instances of questionable ethics that have recently been highlighted, giving rise to the question of: how can companies protect their reputation and ensure that the organisation is steeped in unwavering integrity?
We are experiencing a wave of scrutiny where ‘watchdogs' are uncovering acts of corruption and fraud. Although listed companies are heavily regulated and are also answerable to their shareholders, most often it is considered that as long as an organisation is generating a satisfactory profit, the ways and means it uses to do so are left relatively ungoverned.
It is often tempting for executives to leverage the likes of nepotism, connections and bribery for personal gain. Greed is one of the largest motivating factors behind unethical decision making. However, the short-term gains to be had from such dealings lack long term sustainability, and negatively impacts the business on the whole. Not only is an organisation's reputation on the line, for exposure would severely damage their credibility as a trustworthy institution, but their future sustainable growth is damaged, too, as hardworking employees bear the brunt of poor decisions.
Ethical behaviour in business benefits more than the shareholders and general populace – it's critical to ensure that employees of a business continue to work in the interests of that business. Managers need to lead by example, and need to be seen as trustworthy in their leadership roles, for employees to flourish. Happy employees are productive employees, and few things can bring company morale lower than when employees perceive top management to be increasing their wealth through unethical means.
So what constitutes ethical management?
Managers are typically chosen by the board to run the business in a sustainable, profitable – and ethical – manner. However, there is often a lack of clarity about what business ethics are that can lead to confusion over management's responsibilities and where the limits of those responsibilities are.
Simply put, using business assets or the business itself for personal gain is unethical. Managers have an obligation to manage the business in the business's and owners' best interests, putting these interests above the managers' own, and to disregard that obligation is to cheat the business and owners, which is unethical.
In any instance where the company, the owners and some or all of the employees do not directly reap the benefits of a manager's decisions or deals, and the manager is the sole beneficiary of those decisions or deals, it is unethical.
Ethical leadership promotes innovation, creativity and passion as employees are not consumed by fear, tyranny and a skewed rewards system. An organisation where managers lead by example to encourage talent and skills, using them to benefit the business, its employees and the community as a whole, build on a reputation of trust and ethics.
How can businesses ensure that management remains ethical?
The board has a judicial responsibility to take accountability for any identified unethical behaviour, and to take action accordingly. Managers found to be acting in their own interests should be held responsible and face the relevant disciplinary action. However, it is not always possible for the board to be aware of unethical behaviour, particularly when a business seems to be profitable and there are no immediately obvious red flags to highlight unethical activity.
Many companies have clearly defined values displayed on walls or written in their overviews, however, they are often not put into real practice. Often, managers are scored on their targets and not on their values – something that needs to change. Boards should rate their managers with ethics and values lived as an embodiment of the organisation's culture, too.
Private enterprises should have strict policies in place regarding what constitutes unethical behaviour, as well as clearly defined consequences – and managers need to uphold these in practice. Business leaders are the embodiment of the organisation's value system, and what they do sets the cultural practices for the entire organisation. Their actions pave the way for the rest of the work force to follow suit, and should be without blemish or fault, to the best of their ability.
Maintaining ethical business policies can also be driven from the bottom up. Employees should be comfortable enough to be able to question possible unethical business decisions, and to bring these to the attention of the right people. However, it is often the case that employees simply stick to their own work and don't speak out against managers. Whether due to fear or simply being employees who are not interested in the greater good of the company, instances where employees ignore questionable dealings should be investigated. Usually, their silence can be traced back to a work culture that does not encourage an “open door policy”, which can stunt business growth altogether.
Ethics is a business culture
Ultimately, ethics, values and basic integrity in a business exist because of a consciously developed ethical mindset, irrespective of individual culture or background. They are practices which are entrenched within a business environment from the top down. Unethical behaviour can only exist in a business where it is accepted and/or promoted. In a country where the economic climate is still in flux, businesses and their boards need to ensure that ethics form the backbone of their business's culture. In brief the golden rule applies in ethics “Do to the others as you would like them to do unto you”.
Three Durban beauties and semi-finalist of the Tammy Taylor Mrs South Africa pageant rolled up their sleeves for charity last Wednesday, 23 May, in Ballito when they deposited tons of paper in the paperbank for recycling. The initiative is aimed at raising funds for the North Coast Courier Orphan Fund and was done in partnership with Mpact Recycling.
The Orphan Fund was set up with the purpose of channelling money raised to non-governmental organisations that specialise in caring for orphans and vulnerable children within the newspaper's circulation area.
Since its launch in July 2003, the Orphan Fund has raised and distributed over R3.4 million. Speaking to Durban North News, Dr Nqobile Sithole, a medical practitioner from Somerset Park in uMhlanga, said that they took part in the initiative as part of the Tammy Taylor pageant. “The Orphan Fund is doing such an amazing work that positively impact a lot of lives and I am happy to be part of something that will bring change to the community,” Sithole said.
Before embarking on the recycling drive, the ladies asked community and businesses to contribute recyclable waste to be deposited in the paperbank.
Talking about her journey in the competition, Sithole said it has been phenomenal in a way that she has learnt so much and it has afforded her the platform to promote issues that are close to her heart including women empowerment.
Greenwood Park Natisha Makka echoed Sithole's sentiments by saying that the pageant was a ‘female empowerment movement' which is all about giving South Africa's unsung superwomen a chance to get support and give input.
“It is a platform to reach a new level of success and visibility on a global stage. Being involved in the recycling drive also gives me a chance to do my bit. The fund does phenomenal work and encapsulate the spirit of Ubuntu,” Makka said. Fellow semi finalist and Durban North resident Jo-Anne Barnwell said that she believes that everyone can initiate change.
The ladies are going through months of workshops, mentorship programmes, interviews and will raise funds for Women4Women South Africa as part of the competition. Only 25 women will be selected and announced as finalists at the Charity Ball taking place at Emperors Palace on 29 June.
Mpact Recycling's Danielle King said that they have partnered with the Tammy Taylor pageant for the fourth year and they are also full sponsor of the competition. “The KZN semi finalists are supposed to generate two tons each for the fund. “We are extremely excited to be part of such a big event. The fund initiative helps the community to get additional income.”
VOL. 41 | NO. 23 | Friday, June 09, 2017
WASHINGTON (AP) — Americans cut spending at gasoline stations, department stores and electronics shops in May as retail sales registered their biggest drop in 16 months, a cautionary sign for the economy.
The Commerce Department says retail sales dropped 0.3 percent last month, the first decline since February and the sharpest since a 1 percent decrease in January 2016. Economists had expected sales to increase slightly last month after rising 0.4 percent in April.
Sales sank 2.8 percent at electronics stores, 2.4 percent at gasoline stations and 1 percent at department stores, which have struggled with competition from online retailers.
Economists have said they think consumer spending, which accounts for about 70 percent of U.S. economic activity, will pick up in the spring and summer after a slow start to 2017.
CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela's opposition faces a weak adversary in an upcoming presidential election in the form of unpopular President Nicolas Maduro, but it must overcome the more formidable challenge of abstention in its own ranks.
Maduro's approval ratings are languishing at around 20 percent in a country that was once a byword in South America for oil-financed opulence but now faces a collapsing economy, runaway inflation and rising malnutrition.
Yet voter motivation is diminishing due to concerns about fraud, mistrust of the electoral authority and weak opposition candidates, which may help Maduro clinch a second six-year term.
The government has not yet set a date for the election but has said it must be held before the end of April.
Opposition leaders are calling for unity in the run-up to the vote but are conditioning their participation on demands such as the creation of a new electoral authority, something Maduro's allies appear unlikely to grant.
The most coherent message so far has come from fringe politicians who are insisting the opposition should walk away.
“There is only one answer: No,” said Maria Corina Machado, who has a significant media profile but little political influence. “(The opposition) cannot be complicit in a process that seeks to legitimize this regime.”
Optimists believe the official start of campaigning could create momentum and convince crisis-weary Venezuelans to vote for whoever faces off against Maduro, whom the Socialist Party formally selected as its candidate on Friday.
But sceptics insist that the electoral council is in the pocket of the ruling Socialists and is likely to alter the results of the vote.
“I wouldn't want to go out and vote for the opposition only to have the results show my vote went to the government,” said Manuel Melo, a 21-year-old graphic designer who lost a kidney in 2017 after being hit by a water cannon during a protest.
“Since there's going to be fraud, I'd rather not vote.”
Many have also accused opposition leaders of offering too many concessions to the government and, in some cases, of working as stalking horse candidates on behalf of Maduro.
The pro-Maduro Supreme Court last week blocked the opposition's Democratic Unity coalition from running a presidential candidate, requiring aspirants to run under individual parties.
FILE PHOTO: Venezuelan opposition leader Maria Corina Machado speaks in front of a billboard with a picture of Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro during a rally against him in Caracas, Venezuela April 24, 2017. The billboard reads, "2 years making homeland". REUTERS/Marco Bello/File Photo
Critics called it an effort to increase division within the opposition and weaken turnout.
JAILED OR BARRED
October's gubernatorial elections were a warning sign of how the Socialist Party can score electoral victories despite fury over the economy.
Even though polls showed the opposition winning most of the 23 governorships, Maduro allies took 18 of them as a result of low voter turnout.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Many insisted that participating in the election was legitimising Maduro's government following what they said was a power grab with the creation of an all-powerful legislature called the Constitutional Assembly in a July ballot boycotted by the opposition.
The governors' vote gave Maduro a political boost and left the opposition divided and squabbling. It boycotted elections for 335 mayors in December, further increasing abstentionism.
With the election at most three months away, the opposition still does not have a standard bearer.
And the field of candidates has been heavily limited by the government's aggressive moves to jail the best-known opposition leaders or bar them from politics.
Two-time presidential candidate Henrique Capriles is banned from holding office. Former Mayor Leopoldo Lopez is under house arrest for leading protests against Maduro while his protege, Freddy Guevara, is holed up in the residence of the Chilean ambassador, seeking to avoid arrest on similar accusations.
However, former union leader Andres Velasquez has shown interest in a presidential bid, while ex-Lara state Governor Henri Falcon has called on the opposition to unite behind him. Former Congress chief Henry Ramos has also said he would run in opposition primaries.
Both Ramos and Falcon have done better in recent polls than Maduro, according to Datanalisis Director Luis Vicente Leon, adding that Venezuelans widely reject the president.
But doubts about the fairness of elections and limited motivation following the opposition's recent ballot box fiascos may make that irrelevant.
“The opposition is indeed the majority,” Leon said in a telephone interview, “but that won't matter if it can't mobilise its people in an election.”
ABOITIZ Equity Ventures, Inc.'s (AEV) food and agribusiness subsidiary Pilmico Foods Corp. signed a memorandum of agreement with a Bukidnon-based farmer's cooperative for an inclusive corn sourcing project.
In a statement released on Monday, Pilmico will be sourcing a part of its corn requirements for its animal feeds business from the Mantibugao Agrarian Reform Beneficiaries Farmers Cooperative (MARBFC).
Pilmico chose MARBFC as its first inclusive supplier through the Department of Agriculture's (DA) Corn Program Team and the local government units of Manolo Fortich, Bukidnon.
Pilmico Chief Operating Officer Tristan S. Aboitiz in the same statement said that the company will continue to collaborate with LGUs and communities in the future.
“I am honored that Pilmico is a part of this pioneer project and we hope that the successful roll-out will serve as an example for more of these kinds of partnerships in the future,” he added.
MARBFC Chairman Benjamin Magtajas said that this is likewise the cooperative's first time partnering with a large company.
“[This] is the first time that we can actually can go directly to the big companies and sell our produce. [This is a] dream come true,” he added.
“It's a dream come true for us farmers, that starting today, we are able to work with big companies like Pilmico.”
Pilmico earlier reported that it will be allotting P9 billion for its capital expenditures over three years, which would include a meat fabrication plant and cold storage in Tarlac.
AEV's net profit in 2017 fell 4% to P21.6 billion.
AEV shares on Monday fell P0.50 or 0.69% to P71.55. — Anna Gabriela A. Mogato
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
Honolulu police arrived at 352 Auwaiolimu Street early Tuesday morning — the same Pauoa property Eddie Aikau once called home — to find his 42-year-old nephew Gerald hanging from a tree, an apparent suicide. Gerald's 7-year-old son, Reef, was found dead inside a house on the property. Tuesday evening, the Aikai family, who live in an adjoined building on the premises and made the discovery, confirmed that Gerald murdered his son before he took his own life, according to a report from Khon News.
“We are really humbled by the response of the passing of our son and grandson,” said Aikau's father, Solomon Aikau, the younger brother of Eddie. “Gerald had some issues he was trying to take care of, whether it was legally or mentally. He was working really hard, trying to solve his problems, get himself together…We as a family kind of just want to leave it at that, that he tried his best.”
Court documents between Gerald and his former wife Katherine reveals an estranged relationship, and the signs of Gerald's ongoing struggle with drugs and mental illness. The couple's divorce proceedings were pending at the time of police investigation. Katherine had filed multiple restraining orders against Gerald after reports of domestic violence.
According to the documents, Katherine wrote of a summer vacation to Europe that she had organized with Reef, though Gerald reportedly refused to help his son secure his passport. Had the trip been successful, writes Khon News, Katherine and Reef would have been out of the country until Saturday. Potential motives for the murder, apart from mental illness, are unconfirmed.
“He had his own family issues he had to deal with, being married, and he had children and stuff,” said Myra Aikau, Gerald's aunt. “Somehow he's been seeking help from doctors and everything. Gerald was just a really good boy, but he had so many problems and he tried to settle it by himself, and I don't know what happened.”
The Aikaus are the epitome of resolution in the wake of very public family deaths. But even as investigations uncover more details of the case, these deaths, the lives of a father and his son cut short, are especially senseless.
“We like to remember them for who they were, remember the good times, good days, and nothing else,” said Gerald's sister Piilani. “Our family is always in the media, but it's a different beast.”
When most teenagers were getting their first jobs at neighborhood grocery stores and fast food restaurants – Jecoby Lewis was preparing bodies at Lomax Funeral Home. His godfather Oliver Lomax gave him the job as a mortician and he worked that job faithfully from the age of 12 to 18.
Scroll for more content...
It's safe to say Lewis has always marched to the beat of his own drum.
Perhaps growing up too fast and in an even faster environment led to many decisions that Lewis wishes he could revisit. He was supposed to graduate from high school in May of 2003. Instead, Lewis found himself in a Lew Sterrett jail cell. He would spend over a year in the county jail before being transferred to a state penitentiary, also known as the 'Belly of the Beast'.
For 13 years and nine months, Lewis was inmate 1342331.
Because he didn't technically complete his senior year at Lincoln High School, Lewis was never awarded his diploma. He did, however, pursue and attain his GED.
When one is incarcerated, he will attempt just about any feat to occupy his mind and pass the time. For Lewis, working out became a means for survival. He would spend countless hours lifting, defining his abs and sculpting his body. Because inmates don't have money at their disposal, they often trade goods or commodities of some sort. Whenever others took notice of his workout routines, they would trade chips and noodles for his training services.
Eventually even the guards would request his services, and soon Lewis found himself creating meal plans and workout routines in his cell.
It wasn't long before a fellow inmate named Lawrence gave Lewis the nickname "Hardbody." The name stuck. "Hardbody" would echo throughout the institution, followed by requests for training.
"While I was studying workout techniques, the other inmates were taking notice of my consistency," says Lewis. "For years I was the guy everyone wanted to train with in the prison."
Lewis sent a letter to the parole board, citing President Barack Obama's initiative to release prisoners who had served 10 years or more.
November 30, 2016 - Lewis walked away from prison with both a new body and a new mindset. Focus your mind and punish your body had become his mantra.
"I didn't know exactly how I was going to accomplish my goals once out of prison," says Lewis. "But I knew I was never going back to prison."
It was always his intention to become a trainer, but after over 13 years in prison he had no true idea of the resources that awaited him in the free world.
"When I came home in 2016 I learned about Facebook Live," laughs Lewis. "It was so simple, yet such a good resource."
From his kitchen, Lewis began posting Facebook videos each morning of in-home exercises. He would share with viewers how to use kitchen items to train, such as a bag of potatoes and water bottles.
In less than two years, Lewis has elevated his lifestyle of fitness and gained many more supporters.
Rarely does he sign on to any of his social media platforms without tagging his developing business HARDBODY 84 FITNESS. The "84" signifies the year Lewis was born.
He can be seen on Facebook and Instagram sharing his intense gym workouts. He still spends several hours working out alone, but he also has clients now. Those clients appreciate the fact that Lewis will meet them in the middle, be it at a park or at a local gym. Lewis does both personal training and in-home training.
Recently, Zumba instructor Michile Williams invited Lewis to train her class of more than 30 people. After the Zumba session concludes, Lewis takes on one of his most challenging tasks yet – training a large group.
Southside Fitness, a new gym in South Dallas has offered Lewis the opportunity to have his personal boot camps held there. Another opportunity to expand, and much to Lewis' delight – it's in his beloved South Dallas.
"When I first started I didn't even know how to charge for my services," admits Lewis. "Once I got my personal training certificate and became more confident as a trainer – it seems like people trusted me even more."
It's important to note that Lewis is not attempting to etch his way into the fitness industry with hopes of a financial payout. When first out of prison, he charged people $20 to train for an hour. He just wanted the chance to teach people how to be fit.
The 33-year-old is a father, a husband and an entrepreneur from South Dallas. "I'm from Dixon Circle," he says proudly.
His full-time job in construction requires that he bulldoze buildings and other sites each day. He sees fixtures from his childhood community disappearing and being bought out often. Lewis doesn't want everything familiar about South Dallas to one day just be a memory.
"I do have hopes of one day being a full-time trainer," says Lewis. "And I want to bring everything to South Dallas."
Lewis doesn't deny who he used to be. He feuded with opposing gang members that he now trains from time to time. He made poor decisions. He disappointed people. He knows that some people will only see the tattoos and the muscles, but he's very grateful to have such a growing and diverse clientele.
"I am who I am and I'll never deny my background," says Lewis. "I'm proud to be one of the guys capitalizing on a second chance."
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Posted by admin on February 2, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Meryl Streep is about to take on one of America's most iconic stories — “Little Women.”
The Oscar winner has been cast as Aunt March in the screen adaptation of Louisa May Alcott's 1868 novel “Little Women,” according to the Los Angeles Times.
The story follows the lives of the four March sisters who are living in Massachusetts during the Civil War. Streep is in good company, Saoirse Ronan, Emma Stone, Florence Pugh and Timothée Chalamet are all reportedly set to star in the film.
Greta Gerwig, who made her much acclaimed directorial debut with “Lady Bird,” has signed on to direct.
There have been numerous film and television adaptations of Louisa May Alcott's classic over the years. Most recently, a joint BBC and “Masterpiece Theater” production of “Little Women” debuted on PBS in May.
CNN has reached out to Streep for comment.
March 31 Caterpillar Inc
* Finalized decision to move machine production out of its Aurora, Illinois, facility into other U.S. manufacturing facilities
* Large wheel loaders and compactor production will be moved to the company's Decatur, Illinois, plant
* Medium wheel loader production line will be moved to the North Little Rock, Arkansas, plant Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Blackstone Group LP:
* ON JAN. 30, 2018, PETER GRAUER INFORMED CO HE WAS STEPPING DOWN FROM BOARD OF BLACKSTONE GROUP MANAGEMENT LLC EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY
* GRAUER TAKING THE ACTION DUE TO BLACKSTONE FUNDS' PENDING ACQUISITION OF MAJORITY STAKE IN F&R DIVISION OF THOMSON REUTERS CORP
* IN CONNECTION WITH GRAUER‘S DEPARTURE, SIZE OF BLACKSTONE GROUP MANAGEMENT LLC‘S BOARD REDUCED FROM 11 MEMBERS TO 10 MEMBERS
* GRAUER IS CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF BLOOMBERG LP Source text: bit.ly/2GGG9k3 Further company coverage:
Australia, concerned with China's rising influence, says it will take every precaution to crackdown on external interference in domestic politics.
The Chinese authorities have already responded to the allegations, saying that the reports on Beijing's interference in Australia are "racist" and "paranoid," and the attacks on Chinese living in the country, are baseless.
"This type of hysterical paranoia has racist undertones, and is a stain on Australia's image as a multicultural society," People's Daily, the official newspaper of the Chinese Communist Party, reported.
Last week Malcolm Turnbull, Australian Prime Minister, said that foreign powers were "making unprecedented and increasingly sophisticated attempts to influence the political process" in the country.
While Turnbull, for his part, has promised to bar foreign political donations to hinder external influence, China's foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang insists that Beijing does not intend to meddle in Australian politics and use financial contributions to do so.
READ MORE: Australia Vows to Counter China's Alleged Meddling
Ross Babbage, Australian defense and security expert, has shared his opinion with ABS Radio listeners, saying that "China has certainly been active, essentially campaigning for political influence here. It has been involved in a raft of indirect activities through a range of businesspeople, some of whom are ethnic Chinese, some of whom are not."
China "urges the Australian government and media to cast aside political prejudice and bigotry and stick to the principle of using the facts in handling issues of relations with China," the People's Daily reiterated.
Maligned forward Chris Mayne is no certainty to play in Collingwood's season opener against Hawthorn at the MCG on Saturday night, despite a rash of injuries hitting the club.
Leading goal kicker Jamie Elliott will miss with an ankle injury and there are concerns over forward Alex Fasolo after off-season shoulder surgery.
Tyson Goldsack (knee), Daniel Wells (Achilles), Adam Oxley (shoulder) and Jordan De Goey (club ban) are unavailable, while Levi Greenwood (knee) and James Aish (calf) are doubtful.
Mayne, 29, endured a dramatic fall from grace during his debut season at Collingwood, playing the first three games before seeing out the year in the reserves.
His father, Steve, hit out at the club and coach Nathan Buckley via social media in September over their treatment of the former Fremantle pressure specialist, who joined the Magpies as a free agent on a four-year deal worth about $2 million.
Collingwood assistant coach Justin Longmuir said Mayne had worked tirelessly over the pre-season.
“He's been training really well,” he said.
“He's really brought that defensive pressure and intent to our training. At the moment, he hasn't done a lot wrong, but he's just going to have to be patient with an opportunity. If it comes, I'm sure he'll take it.”
Camera Icon Mayne is no guarantee to face the Hawks. Picture: AFL Media
Longmuir, who left West Coast at the end of last season to join Collingwood, is the Magpies' defensive coach and said he had been impressed by Darcy Moore since his move to the back line in the pre-season.
“He's really embraced the role, which is probably the No.1 thing when you shift positions,” Longmuir said.
“He's been willing to learn from not only me, but all of his fellow back men.
“If he can get his defensive positioning and his defensive attitude right, which he has so far, then that will allow his strengths to really come to the fore. I'm really excited by what he can do down there.
“If he embraces it and does well, it'll be a long-term thing for him.”
The Danish police are investigating several cases of sexual assault at Denmark's Roskilde Festival, one of Europe's largest, despite a variety of measures taken to prevent such abuse, involving courses in "feminist self-defense."
Three young women have reported sexual assault at Roskilde Festival, a weeklong festivity that annually attracts tens of thousands of music lovers, Danish Radio reported.
A 24-year-old woman reported being raped after having a blackout while drinking, while another two managed to defend themselves, the police said. The woman involved in the reported rape received medical attention at the Sexual Assault Center at Rigshospitalet in Copenhagen, which is Denmark's leading medical institution.
One of the other cases involved an 18-year-old woman who said two Middle Eastern-looking men tried to drag her away from a toilet queue while offering her a massage. She reacted by kicking and shouting at the men.
The third notification of abuse came from another 18-year-old, who was approached by a man who invited her to his tent and started to undress her against her will. She managed to kick the man in the head and escape.
"It's terrible," says Roskilde Festival's spokeswoman Christina Bilde. "We don't want that for anyone. If that happens or when it happens, we're ready to help. It's important that we have preparedness in such a situation," she said.
READ MORE: Joking Apart: Sweden Makes a Statement With 'Super-Cool' Man-Free Festival
According to Bilde, the festival organizers have been focused on preventing abuse for the past three years. Roskilde Festival is in dialogue with Rigshospitalet's Sexual Assault Center and the police and has social workers at the festival venue. The festival also collaborates with organizations such as the Danish Women's Society, Sex and Society and Everyday Sexism Project, which work with abuse and sexism daily. These organizations have, among other things, sent 120 volunteers to the festival to talk to the festivalgoers about the importance of consent and gender roles. To accomplish this task they have been equipped with a card game about abuse and sexism.
Another initiative involves "feminist self-defense courses" led by Asta-Maja Njor Boisen for women and non-binary persons.
"We teach women to find the strength within themselves by means of mental, physical and verbal self-defense. Crying loudly can often be enough," Asta-Maja Njor Boisen, who suffered a rape attempt herself at the festival some years ago, told the newspaper Berlingske.
READ MORE: Finland's 'Female-Only' Island Slated to Open Amid Controversy
Last year, Roskilde Festival organizers also came under fire for failure to prevent sexual abuse, as a total of six rapes marred the reputation of Scandinavia's largest festival.
Roskilde Festival, held in the eponymous Danish city, has been attracting thousands of music lovers from all around Europe since 1971. In recent years, it has attracted some 130,000 visitors annually. This year's edition is held between July 1 and July 8.
© AFP 2016/ PHILIPPE DESMAZES Some 100 Gypsies Burn Cars, Block Railways in Eastern France
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — On Sunday, the French Interior Ministry said that 650 vehicles were set on fire on the New Year's Eve compared to 602 cars last year. The number of torched vehicles has decreased by 20 percent over the past five years, the ministry noted.
The following day, the Parisien newspaper reported, citing the ministry's spokesman, Pierre-Henry Brandet, that as much as 945 vehicles were set alight or damaged as a result of arson from 6 p.m. [17:00 GMT] on December 31 to 6:00 a.m. on January 1, which shows that the number of torched vehicles has increased by 17.5 percent compared to the last year.
Car-burning on the New Year's Eve has become an annual "tradition" in French suburbs since urban riots in 2005.
The legal battle between Taylor Swift and former Denver country radio DJ David Mueller is over.
Related: Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
A jury ruled in Swift's favor awarding her the symbolic $1 she was countersuing for, according to CNN.
In a statement Swift wrote:
I want to thank Judge William J. Martinez and the jury for their careful consideration, my attorneys Doug Baldridge, Danielle Foley, Jay Schaudies and Katie Wright for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault, and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year long trial process.
I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this. My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard. Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.
The jury also found the singer's mother, Andrea Swift, and manager Frank Bell not liable for tortious interference.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Arizona Cardinals star running back David Johnson suffered a gruesome injury Sunday while playing the Los Angeles Rams.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
After taking the pitch on a sweep left, Rams defenders Eugene Sims and Alec Ogletree combined to wrap Johnson up, but Johnson's left leg got twisted.
Johnson was carted off following the play.
(h/t The Big Lead)
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent
I was honored to be part of a delegation of nearly 70 Arizona business and political leaders who visited Mexico City and Guanajuato during what could turn out to be a transformational time in the history of the Arizona-Mexico relationship, to continue to strengthen our economic bonds with Mexico, our No. 1 trading partner.
As the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) is being renegotiated, it is a critical time for the voice of the Arizona business community to be heard by both Arizona public officials and their counterparts across the border. I applaud Representatives Tony Rivero, R-Peoria, and Rosanna Gabaldón, D-Green Valley, for leading this historic bipartisan trade delegation, as well as House Speaker J.D. Mesnard for placing the full support of the Arizona House of Representatives behind this effort.
The sheer size of the delegation – estimated by some to be the largest trade mission ever from Arizona to Mexico, and likely one of the largest ever in the nation – highlights the importance placed on continuing to foster this relationship, which works for both sides of the border and was worth more than $8 billion (about 30 percent) in exports last year.
We spent five days in Mexico meeting with federal leaders in Mexico City before heading to the state of Guanajuato for meetings with its legislature and governor. The trip saw legislators and business leaders encourage our federal officials to work cooperatively to expand NAFTA and make it more beneficial to those involved, while also building a foundation for the future.
What really made an impression on me on this trip was the sheer number of people and organizations who made it a priority to send a representative.
When you combine the support of elected officials with top leaders from organizations including Chicanos por la Causa; Arizona Chamber of Commerce and Industry; Arizona Hispanic Chamber of Commerce; Global Chamber; Tucson Hispanic Chamber of Commerce; University of Arizona; Arizona State University and the Morrison Institute; Greater Phoenix Chamber of Commerce Public Affairs chair Jaime A. Molera of Molera Alvarez; former Tempe Mayor Hugh Hallman; business leader Jason Levecke; as well as Rocky Point Mayor Kiko Munro and Vice-Chairman Verlon Jose of the Tohono O'odham Nation, it shows that sustaining and growing this relationship is a very well-placed and broadly supported priority.
Trade with Mexico is a vital piece in growing our economy and brings with it employment for tens of thousands. As leaders focused on doing what's best for Arizona businesses, we will continue to advocate for regular trade delegations to Mexico to foster constructive relationships and enhance pro-growth policies.
— Mike Huckins is vice president of public affairs for the Greater Phoenix Chamber of Commerce.
___________________________________________________________
The views expressed in guest commentaries are those of the author and are not the views of the Arizona Capitol Times.
President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump seemed to have coordinated their hand movements after an earlier awkward encounter set Twitter ablaze.
The first couple was stoic as they stood in front of the White House steps on Tuesday night minutes before greeting French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife, Brigitte, ahead of their first State dinner.
Melania, 47, wore a black Chanel Chantilly lace haute couture gown that was hand painted with silver and embroidered with crystal and sequins.
The Macrons stood beside them and posed in front of the steps after they arrived, with Brigitte wearing a white Louis Vuitton dress with gold embroidery.
President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump hold hands in front of the White House ahead of their first State dinner
President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump
Earlier Tuesday, the two stood side-by-side with the Macrons as Trump, 71, made a subtle effort to hold his wife's hand, first extending his pinky finger and then gently giving her hand a little shake before she finally placed her hand in his.
RELATED: See Melania Trump's Latest Awkward Hand-Holding Moment — In the White Hat Setting Twitter Ablaze
The moment, captured in footage by MSNBC, was analyzed by Twitter users who noticed the first lady's reluctance to hold her husband's hand.
Brigitte Macron, Emmanuel Macron, Donald Trump, Melania Trump SHAWN THEW/EPA-EFE/Shutterstock
“Look at poor #Melania right hand trying to tell #Trump that he didn't dig deep enough,” one tweeter joked.
“Poor Melania, she looked like she was holding back tears under her hat as she held Trump's hand,” said another.
This is not the first time the first lady has shown her resistance to holding Trump's hand. In May, the mother of one was caught on camera swatting away her husband's hand during a trip to Tel Aviv, Israel.
That moment when your wife resists holding your hand… PRICELESS. 🤣🤣 @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/hDpPddTv5C — BetsyBits (@BetsyBits) April 24, 2018
A similar incident occurred in February when the two departed the White House for a trip to Ohio — the president attempted and failed to make hand contact with his wife.
The first lady's white, wide-brimmed hat was also lighting up Twitter on Tuesday.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
The striking accessory stole the show as Mrs. Trump and French First Lady Brigitte Macron — both in white skirt suits — joined their husbands on the White House South Lawn for a military welcome ceremony. The first lady's white suit is from the Michael Kors Collection and costs $2,195, according to CNN. The outlet said the hat was also from the Michael Kors Collection hat, but a new pool report says it seems that “Michael Kors is not taking credit for the hat.”
Cape Town - State witness Pamela Scholtz broke down in tears when describing the grim discovery of slain 3-year-old Courtney Pieters who was found nine days after being reported missing in Elsies River.
Scholtz was testifying at the Western Cape High Court where Mortimer Saunders stands accused of raping and murdering the child before dumping her body.
Scholtz said Courtney's body was found in Bofors Circle in the Epping Industria area after neighbourhood watches rallied a search party and split it into search teams.
Scholtz said Saunders was on her team.
She said when she saw a pair of legs under a half-dead bush, she realised it could be the body they were searching for, from the description of the child's clothes.
Recalling the events, Scholtz broke down crying.
“I saw the child Courtney lying there. I was very emotional. I could just see the bottom half of her body, I saw her navel and her jeans was open.”
Juanita Pieters Picture: Siphephile Sibanyoni/ African News Agency (ANA)
Her testimony came after that of Courtney's cousin, Marsha Wenn, who contradicted evidence given by the child's mother, Juanita Pieters.
Wenn said Saunders would occasionally sleep in the room with Juanita and her family before formally occupying a room in the family home.
On Tuesday, Juanita, denied knowledge of Saunders sleeping in their room when Saunders' lawyer questioned her about it.
Wenn said the toddler was often left alone with no proper adult supervision, saying she had already stopped looking after Courtney about four weeks before her disappearance.
Wenn, who described Courtney as a shy child who would not accept anything from strangers, said she had only formally looked after Courtney for a month, during which she was paid for babysitting duties by her uncle, Aaron Fourie - the boyfriend of Juanita and father of Courtney.
“She was often left at home unattended with no supervision. Juanita could not just assume that I would look after Courtney if they never told me that she was being left at home.”
The matter has been postponed to June 6.
Cape Times
The problem with the continued begging, ‘why won't he denounce, why won't he denounce' is that at some point, maybe later today, President Trump will go before a podium and read off through gritted teeth a pro-forma denunciation of Nazis and it will seem to a lot of people like it means something when it doesn't. He's already made crystal clear where he stands here. The question is how we individually and as a country are going to deal with that fact, not how many more mulligans we're going to give him. His neo-nazi supporters are truly over the moon that he's steadfastly refusing to criticize them, even in the face of withering criticism and derision. They get the message. They're ecstatic. Everyone who doesn't see this, see that it is intentional, is getting played for chumps.
The Democratic National Committee has responded to sexual harassment allegations against Democratic Party donor and Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein by pledging to donate a small portion of the contributions it received from him to women's charities.
In a statement, the DNC called the allegations “deeply troubling,” and after facing pressure from the Republican National Committee, announced it would donate roughly one-eighth of the total sum The Weinstein Company chief has contributed to the organization over the years.
advertisement
The DNC said “over $30,000” worth of Weinstein's contributions will be given to pro-choice charity EMILY's List, Emerge America, and Higher Heights, a charity for black women, though it is unclear whether the DNC will give away the rest of the reported $246,290 that Weinstein has donated.
In all, Weinstein has donated at least $769,000 to Democratic politicians and political action organizations since the early 1990s, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, and has hosted high-dollar fundraisers for Democratic candidates, including 2016 Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
In their statement, the DNC also used the opportunity to blame and attack President Donald Trump, apparently dedicating more words to the president than to Weinstein himself.
“The Democratic party condemns all forms of sexual harassment and assault,” declared DNC Communications Director Xochitl Hinojosa, before adding, “We hope that Republicans will do the same as we mark one year since the release of a tape showing President Trump bragging about sexually assaulting women followed by more than a dozen women who came forward to detail similar experiences of assault and harassment.”
“The DNC will donate over $30,000 in contributions from Weinstein to EMILY's List, Emerge America and Higher Heights,” Hinojosa continued. “Because what we need is more women in power, not men like Trump who continue to show us that they lack respect for more than half of America.”
The DNC's pledge comes as a September FEC report showed the organization raised just $4.4 million in August and had a paltry $6.8 million cash-on-hand at the end of that month, along with debts of $4.1 million. The RNC reported $45.9 million cash-on-hand for the same month, and zero debt.
According to The Wrap, the DNC's announcement “comes as a flurry of Democratic senators have vowed to donate any contribution they received” from Weinstein “to charitable organizations, including New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker, Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren and New Mexico Sen. Martin Heinrich.”
Other Democratic senators who have pledged to donate Weinstein's contributions include Vermont Sen. Patrick Leahy and Connecticut Sen. Richard Blumenthal, as well New York Sen. Chuck Schumer.
Following sexual harassment allegations outlined by the New York Times Thursday, in which the Hollywood super-producer was reported to have reached financial settlements with at least eight different women over a decades-long career in the movie business, Weinstein claimed he would “channel anger” at the National Rifle Association, while dozens of friends and associates of Weinstein have stayed silent on the allegations, as have most left-wing celebrities.
“I am going to need a place to channel my anger so I've decided I'm going to give the NRA my full attention,” Weinstein declared. “I hope Wayne LaPierre will enjoy his retirement party,” he added. “I'm going to do it at the same place I had my Bar Mitzvah.”
Meanwhile, late-night hosts Stephen Colbert, Jimmy Kimmel, Jimmy Fallon, Seth Meyers, and James Corden all refused to talk about Weinstein during their respective shows Thursday night, while feminist attorney Lisa Bloom attempted to downplay the allegations in a Thursday statement.
In a post on Twitter, Hollywood actress Rose McGowan claimed anyone who does business with Harvey Weinstein “is complicit” in the allegations.
After the New York Times broke the story on the allegations against Weinstein, he quickly fired back at the newspaper, threatening a $50 million lawsuit.
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington and Gab @Nash, or like his page at Facebook.
An American wrestler using Donald Trump's schtick is body-slamming his way to fame in Mexican wrestling.
Sam Adonis - real name Sam Polinsky - has used the anti-Trump feeling in Mexico to his advantage.
And fans love to hate him.
“I hear it all, and the Mexican fans are screaming the worst expletives they can at me. They are throwing beers at me, they are throwing popcorn at me,” the wrestler told Reuters.
Adonis gives fans plenty of ammunition by wearing an American flag cape with Trump's mug emblazoned on it. Wayward beer bottles fired his way aren't unusual.
Like Nikolai Volkoff and the Iron Sheik before him, Adonis is a bad guy - or “rudo” in Mexican wrestling parlance. The good guys are known as “technicos”.
Adonis says the atmosphere is electric.
“Fans in Mexican lucha libre are some of the best on earth. Two thousand people in Mexico can make more noise than 20,000 people in the United States,” he said.
But despite the boos, young fans love him.
Second only to soccer in terms of popularity, lucha libre wrestling, Adonis shifted from pretty boy ladies man to the Trump act as the reality TV star was rising.
Does life imitate art?
“I can't say I support Trump but I definitely respect Trump,” he said. “He is just himself, and if you like it, you like it, and if you don't, you don't.”
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — UPDATE 9:45 PM 3/19/2018: Police say Jerry Yarber has been found and is safe.
PREVIOUS:
Kansas City police are looking for a missing man who can't communicate verbally due to a stroke.
Police say Jerry L. Yarber was last seen at about 3 p.m. Monday at his residence near the 6900 block of E. 85th Terrace in Kansas City, Missouri.
He's described as 6'2" and 245 pounds. He was last seen wearing glasses, a black coat, blue shirt, blue jeans and black shoes. He also walks with a cane.
Anyone with any information on Yarber's whereabouts is asked to call 911 or the KCPD Missing Persons Unit at 816-234-5136.
What do Catholic, Reformed and Baptist theologians have in common?
That question may sound like the beginning of a bad joke, but theologians from those three traditions gathered Nov. 6 to talk about the Reformation and ideas such as priesthood of believers and religious liberty.
BR photo by Dianna L. Cagle
Stephen B. Eccher, right, assistant professor of church history and Reformation studies at Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary, expounds on the Reformation during a panel Nov. 6 in Greensboro. He was joined by Reformed theologian John H. Armstrong and David Williams, left, who represented the Catholic viewpoint.
The event, which was sponsored by the Baptist State Convention of North Carolina's Historical Committee, spurred discussions about separation of church and state as well as a couple of main tenets created during the Reformation: scripture and faith.
“Many of us live in universities and, God knows teaching is important, but the theological vocation is a service to God and His church, and it's never more alive than when it's expressing that service at events like this,” said David Williams, dean of faculty at Belmont College (N.C.). “This is where theology lives.”
Williams was joined on the panel by Reformed theologian John H. Armstrong, who is from the Chicago area, and Stephen B. Eccher, assistant professor of church history and Reformation studies
at Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary in Wake Forest, N.C.
Armstrong serves as president of Act3 Network, a ministry for “empowering leaders and churches for unity in Christ's mission” and adjunct professor of evangelism and leadership at Wheaton College Graduate School.
Dale Robertson, pastor of North Main Baptist Church in Salisbury and member of the historical committee, served as the panel's moderator.
Robertson gave a brief history of Martin Luther's nailing of the 95 Theses to a church in Wittenburg, Germany, inviting debate about some practices in the church including the selling of forgiveness.
Williams said it remains “important to recognize we have one Lord, one faith, one set of sacred scripture.”
The differences rest in the how. Williams used Thomas Aquinas and Jerome to defend the Catholic view of scripture. “Nothing else is like inspired scripture,” he said.
For Catholics, justification and sanctification are seamless, Williams said.
“Reformers made a distinction between the two that has been vital to the development of the Reformed, Lutheran and even the Baptist faith,” Armstrong said.
At the heart of all Christian practice is love, he said, “not how clearly we can articulate our doctrine. The worst thing you can do is perpetuate the idea that what we believe is reading scripture on your own alone and coming up with whatever you see as a pretext for a new doctrine.
“At the same time tradition interacts with scripture.”
The idea of sola scripture (scripture alone) continues to divide Baptists today, Eccher argued.
“A lot of Baptists believe that sola scriptura just means that we just have the scripture,” he said, stressing that the church needs to recognize history and tradition. For a while Baptists would not hold to any creed or confession but the Bible, but Eccher said that view has been changing for some time among Baptists.
“Luther says faith is not just believing in the reality of the gospel, believing the historic facts of the gospel, but that faith requires a stepping out,” he said. “It requires a movement on our part. It is not just an intellectual ascent and belief that then is actually practiced. … There is a real danger in our Baptist churches of forgetting the very nature of the process of salvation, that yes, we can be saved, but we are also in the process of being saved until Christ returns.”
Eccher said the term “saved” is “very Baptistic” language.
“I want to be very careful that we don't become goal oriented in what we're doing with evangelism … forgetting that there's a person on the other side,” he said. “Jesus said to make disciples.”
On the issue of denominations, the theologians agreed they each serve their purpose, but stressed the idea of working together on important issues.
Eccher said the priesthood of believers idea remains one of the most misunderstood of the doctrines that emerged out of the Reformation.
Just as every single ingredient is important for making a cake, every single person is important in the Kingdom, Eccher argued.
“[Pastors], you need to remind your people that they are theologians, and you need to remind your people that they need to rightly interpret and understand the scriptures,” Eccher said, “but you do that in a communal environment.”
He stressed that the term should not be “priesthood of the believer” because “when you start making foundational decisions on what you believe on your own,” it puts you in dangerous territory.
Williams said Catholics don't use the term priesthood of all believers but instead focus on a “universal call of holiness.”
Baptism
Armstrong said the Reformed faith baptizes children as a promise to God. Adults follow that baptism by teaching them in their faith tradition. In the Reformed church, they would accept the baptism of someone seeking to join their congregation.
Being part of a tradition that does baptize infants, Armstrong said the communal effort of the church should be involved in the service, pledging to rear this child in the traditions of the church.
Williams said scripture does not indicate whether baptism should be as an infant or not.
“We never find a time in the early church where people talk about infant baptism as new,” he said.
Eccher referred to the Anabaptist, Swiss group, breaking off from the Reformers. These believers, spurred on by Ulrich Zwingli addressed issues like tithing, image, separation of church and state and believer's baptism.
They had seen flaws in “a nonregenerate, territorial church,” Eccher said.
Baptists veer toward baptizing young children, which Eccher said could be problematic. “Priesthood comes with responsibility,” Eccher said, such as congregational polity.
“That 5-year-old that just got baptized also has the responsibility to care for the spiritual needs of the church, to care for orthodoxy, to, by the way, vote on that $4 million dollar budget.”
Eccher affirmed the need for believer's baptism because of the need for “word pictures of the gospel.”
Those Anabaptists' efforts to fight against baptizing infants led to extreme persecution by both the early Reformers and Catholics. Robertson credits this defiance of the state enforcing theology with the move to America by those seeking religious freedom and the inclusion of separation of church and state in the United States' early documents.
Zwingli “taught the future Anabaptists how to read scripture,” Eccher said. “He taught them how to love the text.”
Zwingli asked the question, “Why are we not doing what the scripture says?” His questions riled the religious and political leaders and stemmed a wave of persecution that resulted in many deaths.
Armstrong said the separation of church and state does not preclude people of faith from running for office or engaging in political activity.
“I think that we must, with vigilance, protect it,” he said. “Teach it, love it, protect it. The whole church needs you to do that.”
Armstrong recommended two resources on Reformation:
Vegas Shooting Shows Google and Facebook Still Have a Fake News Problem
False news that erroneously named a suspect in the deadly Las Vegas mass shooting on Sunday spread on Google and Facebook before the services removed the posts in question, the two companies acknowledged Monday.
Erroneous posts on both services -- one highlighted by Google's "Top Stories" search results, the other circulated by Facebook users -- falsely identified the shooter as an apparently uninvolved person.
Las Vegas police say Stephen Craig Paddock, of Mesquite, Nevada, fired down on concertgoers from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay casino hotel, killing at least 59 people and wounding more than 500 in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Paddock killed himself as authorities closed in.
But a story by the pro-Trump political website "The Gateway Pundit" named a different person as the shooter, citing a Facebook page to claim the individual was "a far left loon" and "a Democrat who liked (MSNBC host) Rachel Maddow." Posters on the anonymous, anarchic 4chan.org forum likewise trumpeted supposed findings that the same individual was both the shooter and a "social democrat." BuzzFeed saved screenshots of the stories, which no longer turn up on either Gateway Pundit or 4chan.
Google said in a statement that it highlighted 4chan's "Politically Incorrect" message board, where the incorrect posts appeared, for several hours before its search algorithm replaced it with more relevant results. The 4chan result only appeared if users entered the erroneous name as a query, Google said. The listing did not appear in Google News.
"This should not have appeared for any queries," a Google spokesperson said, adding that the company would aim to prevent it from happening again.
Facebook said its security team removed Gateway Pundit results and other similar posts from its social network, some within minutes. But because that removal was "delayed," the company said, images of the incorrect story were captured and circulated online.
"We are working to fix the issue that allowed this to happen in the first place and deeply regret the confusion this caused," a Facebook spokesman said in a statement.
Both companies are under fire from lawmakers for promoting false stories in the lead-up to last year's election, and have been invited to testify at a congressional investigation into Russian meddling in the race.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
If there's one thing everyone knows about Anthony Scaramucci, it's that he can talk -- and talk and talk.
Scroll for more content...
Not only does the 10-day Trump White House communications director like to gab, he's good at it. He can turn a phrase and drop an insult with the very best.
Which brings me to a new Vanity Fair story in which Scaramucci sat for -- as described by author William D. Cohan -- "a series of three epic interviews" that seem to represent the latest effort by the indefatigable Scaramucci to talk his way back into President Trump's good graces and -- maybe just maybe -- back into the White House.
I went through the story, which you should read in full, and plucked out the very best Scaramucci quotes. It wasn't easy to leave any on the cutting room floor, but I somehow managed to make it all work.
My favorite Moochisms are below.
1. "I'm not gonna be this gold-chain-adorned guy driving around as a Long Island guido."
And away we go!
2. I want you to imagine the worst person that you've met on Wall Street, the most ruthless and the most diabolical. That's the best person in Washington."
This is a long-standing Mooch argument to explain his dismissal after 10 days -- that he was unaware of what a pit of vipers politics can be and that it was so, so much worse than the business world. I've lived in Washington for 20 years and I've never worked in the New York business world, but I still feel relatively comfortable believing that Mooch doth protest too much about how terrible the nation's capital is.
3. "Rancid Penis"
This is Scaramucci's nickname for Trump's first White House chief of staff Reince Priebus. They weren't super tight.
4. "He's just very jealous, can't believe I'm this close to Trump."
Don't be jelly, Rancid Penis!
5. "They're Richie Cunningham and they're Opie from The Andy Griffith Show, but they're the f*#^*ing Sith Lord behind your back."
Like I said, the Mooch has a way with words. It's a blessing and a curse, really.
6. "They're hitting you with a lightsaber behind your back."
The old lightsaber-behind-the-back trick. Works every time!
7. "But Bannon turns on me, because Bannon is ultimately railing against the swamp, but he's actually a cock of the swamp."
Scaramucci is referring to one-time White House senior political strategist Steve Bannon here. And, while I feel like I am pretty conversant in most insults and putdowns, "cock of the swamp" is a new one to me. I don't know of any roosters who reside in swamps.
8. "He's the creature from the Black Lagoon, Bannon. He acts more swamp-like than any person that's ever become a Washingtonian."
Wait. I thought Bannon was the "cock of the swamp," not the "creature from the Black Lagoon"? Can he be both?
9. "He is literally the pig in George Orwell's "Animal Farm" that stands on his two legs the minute he gets power."
OK, so, wait. Bannon is a pig who can stand on two feet now? (By the way: That would be cool to see.)
10. "He is the creature from the Black Lagoon."
Just to be clear, Bannon is the following things:
a) "cock of the swamp"
b) "creature from the Black Lagoon"
c) A pig who can stand on two feet
d) the creature from the Black Lagoon, again
It's been a heady trip!
11. "Jared [Kushner] said that Trump likes me because he realizes [that], like his father, I came from nowhere and had nothing."
Started from the bottom now we here!
12. "What was going on was absolute berserkazoid craziness: internecine warfare, leaks every 13 seconds, Bannon leaking on everybody, Priebus leaking on everybody, total chaos in the White House, total disorganization."
"Absolute Berserkazoid Craziness" was the name of my scream-metal band in college.
14. "Remember, I'm not intimidated by Trump."
Oh, I remember.
15. "I'm gonna go out there and turn the lights back on and all the cameras and everything, and we're gonna try to open it up a little bit."
This is Scaramucci recounting what he told the President and Ivanka Trump in a meeting in which they decided to announce he would be coming on as the communications director the next day. And, he's right about this: The day he became communications director, the ridiculous White House policy of holding the daily press briefing off-camera ended. And it's stayed that way ever since.
16. "I go from being told I'm gonna be the comms director to Priebus and Bannon trying to block me throughout the night. Now they're trying to kill me while I'm in the job."
This is fine.
17. "He says, 'Hey, you want to know something? You want to know what your chances are to become the comms director this morning here at the White House? You want to know what your chances are?' I said, 'What are my chances, Stephen?' [Replied Bannon]: 'Zero! You got that, man? Zero. You got it? Zero.'"
This is the Scaramucci version of the phone call he and Bannon shared on the day he was to be named communications director. No words. Except: How could anyone have foreseen this might not go perfectly? It was the perfect plan!
18. "But the guy who has 'president' in front of his last name, I kind of have 100 percent."
More Mooch on Bannon action here. Also, love the "Oh yeah, well that's not what the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES thinks of me" defense.
19. "Priebus is now, he's pulling the Howdy Doody, Richie Cunningham delivery and 'Oh golly gee shucks, we're friends.'"
The Mooch is on to you, Rancid Penis!
20. 'I'm looking at the two of you jamokes. If my network took a s#*! it would be the combination of the two of you."
This is the (New) York City putdown of all time. And, yes, "jamokes" is a highly underrated insult.
21. "I'm getting the stern looks of anger and hatred from Sean Spicer."
Are there any other kind?
22. "So I give the press conference and millions of people see it and it's all over the world."
You can see why Trump and the Mooch are kindred spirits.
23. 'Mr. President, I hope I can do the job, but you've got to know knives are out for me. Those two guys are sh*&^ting in their pants.'"
REMINDER: THIS WAS ON SCARAMUCCI'S 1ST DAY IN THE JOB.
24. "I'm Italian. I like using the word 'love.'"
Same. And same.
25. "Of course I used the f-bomb a few times. I'm prone to do that ... And I'm making some jokes and I'm playing for laughs, because that's my personality."
Left out of this recounting of his interview with the New Yorker's Ryan Lizza is that a) The Mooch is the White House communications director and b) he is speaking to Lizza on the record.
26. "Do I say that it's off the record? I don't, but I feel that I have a personal rapport with a human being, and inside the spirit of human relations, journalists and their sources know what's on and off the record."
Uh, no. When the top White House press person calls a reporter and just starts talking, there's absolutely no reason to believe that conversation is off the record. Like, none.
27. "We'll work on a deal. I'll fly you around on Air Force One."
The Mooch tried to bargain with Lizza not to post his comments. It, um, didn't work.
28. "By late Sunday, I'm getting a feeling that I'm gonna get fired."
What does that feel like? Like a tingle on the back of your neck? Asking for a friend.
29. "I'm very self-observant."
Self-observancy is key. Always.
30. "There's no e-mail and there's no cell service. They've disconnected my phone."
The Mooch learned he had been fired because his encrypted phone didn't work. Dagger!
31. "Wow. That's super disappointing."
This is the first thing Mooch said when newly installed chief of staff John Kelly told him he was fired. I would have gone with: "Come on man? What are we doing out there, man?"
32. "I learned that the swamp is probably a gold-plated cesspool with no drain. You understand what I'm saying?"
I mean, sort of?
33. "The shot's going in. Michael Jordan, that last shot in the championship, he wanted the ball. That's Trump."
Donald, are you listening? The Mooch thinks you are Michael Jordan. So, any, um, you know, West Wing openings or....
The 2018 Golden Globe nomination are in — and the stars are starting to celebrate the happy news!
Guillermo del Toro's Shape of Water leads the nominations with a whopping 7 — including nods in the director, lead actress and supporting actress categories — followed by Steven Spielberg's The Post and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri with six each. Lady Bird stood alone in third place with four nominations, including Saoirse Ronan in the lead actress category.
Call Me By Your Name, The Greatest Showman, All the Money in the World, Dunkirk, and I, Tonya all followed with three nominations each. Jordan Peele's surprise hit Get Out also nabbed two nominations in the best picture category and one for lead actor Daniel Kaluuya.
HBO's summer hit Big Little Lies dominated the competition on the TV side with 6 nominations, 4 of which went to the show's main actresses Nicole Kidman, Reese Witherspoon, Laura Dern and Shailene Woodley. FX's Feud: Bette and Joan followed with four, and This Is Us, Fargo, and The Handmaid's Tale tied for third place with three nods each.
The Greatest Showman‘s Hugh Jackman tweeted a lengthy reaction alongside a picture of him and costars Zac Efron and Zendaya.
Over 7 years ago we began the journey to get @GreatestShowman made into a major motion picture. Through all of the (literal) blood, sweat and tears …. giving up was never an option. As it is said – with great risk comes great reward. Thank you #HFPA! @goldenglobes pic.twitter.com/qgyZ5v9AUh — Hugh Jackman (@RealHughJackman) December 11, 2017
Thanks for the congrats, everyone! Much love to my #InsecureHBO family & congrats to the other nominees! #GoldenGlobes https://t.co/ZLMoyq11v0 — Issa Rae (@IssaRae) December 11, 2017
THE DISASTER ARTIST get nominated for big Hollywood awards!! What a story!! https://t.co/OAtIDytCYk — Seth Rogen (@Sethrogen) December 11, 2017
Tennis legend Billie Jean King congratulated the stars of Battle of the Sexes — the biopic about her famous battle on the court.
Congratulations to #EmmaStone and @SteveCarell on their @goldenglobes Best Actress and Best Actor nominations for @billievsbobby! Two great people who delivered two incredible performances. Proud to have played a small part in the film's success! #GoldenGlobes — Billie Jean King (@BillieJeanKing) December 11, 2017
Baby Driver director Edgar Wright also gave a shoutout to his lead actor Ansel Elgort.
Check back later for more reactions. The 75th Golden Globes Awards will air live from the Beverly Hilton Hotel's Grand Ballroom on Jan. 7 on NBC.
ADELAIDE Football Club board member and prominent tourism identity Robert Foord has died, aged 67.
Mr Foord established the Proud Australia Group of Companies in 1982 which expanded to become one of Australia's leading tourism operators.
He also served on numerous boards in the corporate, sport and not for profit sectors.
His board experience included roles with the South Australian Tourism Commission, Adelaide Entertainment Centre, Hockey SA, Indonesian Humanitarian Organisation/The John Fawcett Foundation, Australian Rainforest Foundation, Australia's Tourism and Transport Forum and ATEC.
In 2003 Mr Foord was awarded a Centenary Medal for Services to Tourism.
Crows chairman Rob Chapman said Mr Foord was “a terrific guy” who, along with his wife Sheryn and his five daughters, was a delight to have around the football club.
“He was one of the most loved and respected guys to have sat around the board table at the Adelaide Football Club,'' Mr Chapman said.
“He was generous to a T and he was there for all the right reasons.''
Opposition leader Steven Marshall, who knew Mr Foord well, said: “Bob Foord was a great son of South Australia.
“His passion and unwavering commitment to our state will be forever remembered. His enormous contribution to tourism, business, sport and community will be missed.”
© Photo: Pixabay 23 EU Member States Flout Air Pollution Laws
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The European Commission has issued on Wednesday a final warning to the United Kingdom, as well as Germany, France, Spain and Italy, for continued air pollution breaches, threatening to bring those countries to the EU Court of Justice.
"The European Commission sends final warnings to Germany, France, Spain, Italy and the United Kingdom for failing to address repeated breaches of air pollution limits for nitrogen dioxide (NO2). NO2 pollution is a serious health risk. Most emissions result from road traffic," the EU Commission said in a press release.
The commission stressed that the United Kingdom failed to address persistent breaches of nitrogen dioxide limit values in 16 areas, including London, Birmingham, Leeds and Glasgow.
According to the press release, there are 28 air quality zones with repeated air pollution breaches in Germany, 19 zones in France, 12 in Italy and three in Spain.
"Possible measures to lower polluting emissions, at the same time accelerating the transition to a low-carbon economy, include reducing overall traffic volumes, the fuels used, switching to electric cars and/or adapting driving behaviour," the press release said, adding that reducing emissions from diesel-powered vehicles was an important step toward meeting EU air quality requirements.
© Sputnik/ Irina Kalashnikova EU Commission Sues Germany Over Groundwater Pollution Dangerous for Human Health
The European Commission stressed that in case the five countries fail to take necessary measures to settle the situation within two months, the issue might be taken to the EU Court of Justice.
According to early February statistics, issued by The Healthy Air Campaign, about 29,000 premature deaths are caused by poor air quality in the United Kingdom. The 2016 statistics showed that some 40,000 early deaths per year were caused by air pollution.
The EU legislation on ambient air quality and cleaner air for Europe, setting air quality limits for the EU states and envisaging legal action in case of breaches, came into effect in 2008. So far, 12 EU member states are subjected to infringement cases, namely, Austria, Belgium, the Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Spain and the United Kingdom.
The activists allegedly broke into a university lecture room where the Brexit-supporter was holding a speech and started to verbally abuse him.
Politicians across the British political spectrum criticized a recent violent incident that took place at the University of West England (UWE) in Bristol and involved Tory MP Jacob Rees-Mogg.
A group of protesters wearing balaclavas reportedly stormed a university debate where Rees-Mogg was holding a speech and hurled verbal abuse at the politician, calling him "a Nazi, a fascist and a racist" before a violent brawl broke out.
Following the incident, Universities Minister Sam Gyimah said he was very disappointed that a chance to engage in a debate was sabotaged by the protesters.
Extremely disappointed that a genuine opportunity to engage in debate was nearly thwarted by thuggish behaviour. Free speech under the law is fundamental to our democracy. Well done @Jacob_Rees_Mogg for not be cowed into silence. — Sam Gyimah MP (@SamGyimah) 2 февраля 2018 г.
In her turn, Angela Rayner, shadow education secretary, said that she "utterly" condemned the protesters who decided to attack the politician while he was holding his speech.
My politics are not those of @Jacob_Rees_Mogg however l utterly condemn the behaviour of those tonight who tried to attack him whilst he was due to speak at an event he was invited to. It's extremely intimidating for any MP who travels alone to an event to be treated like this 👎 — Angela Rayner (@AngelaRayner) 2 февраля 2018 г.
A video of the incident has recently been released online. Police are currently investigating the case.
The incident came a few days after Jacob Rees-Mogg confessed that he "deeply regrets" attending an event alongside far-right activist Gregory Lauder-Frost, who was revealed to have made racist comments about black and Jewish people.
READ MORE: Donald Trump Urges British PM to Take a 'Tougher' Stance on Brexit
Jacob Rees-Mogg, a strong Brexiteer, who is considered a favorite to be the next Tory leader, was caught on camera beside Lauder-Frost at a dinner five years ago after he was invited to the event by the Traditional Britain Group.
The politician said on Wednesday that, despite the fact that he received warnings about the organization's controversial views, he didn't find any corresponding evidence and decided to attend the event in spite of the warnings.
Trump says his awkwardly capitalized tweets are no mistake
Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 President Donald Trump waves as he boards Air Force One for a trip to West Virginia for a "Salute to Service" dinner, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, at Andrews Air Force Base, Md. President Donald Trump waves as he boards Air Force One for a trip to West Virginia for a "Salute to Service" dinner, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, at Andrews Air Force Base, Md. Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Trump says his awkwardly capitalized tweets are no mistake 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says his awkwardly capitalized tweets are no mistake.
In a Tuesday afternoon Twitter posting, Trump is delivering the public service announcement about his digital statements.
He tweets: "After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pour over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b/c they should be capitalized!"
Spelling errors may be another matter. He misspells "pore" in the tweet.
Moments after sending that message, Trump corrected another Tuesday posting critical of his favorite political punching bag — the press.
Trump initially tweeted that The Washington Post is "a discgrace to journalism." He has since corrected that misspelling.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas launched a verbal attack Monday against David Friedman, the US ambassador to Israel, calling him a "son of a dog" during a speech Abbas was giving in Ramallah.
"[The US administration] has said that settlement building is legitimate," Abbas began before going in with the shade. "That's what several American officials have said including, first and foremost, their ambassador in Tel Aviv David Friedman. He said [settlers] are building in their land. Son of a dog, they are building in their land? He is a settler and his family members are settlers."
The 82-year-old politician also said he was under pressure to travel to Washington, DC, and to approve of the policies of US President Donald Trump, who announced in December 2017 to general global uproar that the US would be moving its embassy to Jerusalem. It was later revealed that the embassy move is expected by this summer.
"What do you expect of such a government? I was pressured to travel to Washington to legitimize Trump's program, but I did not agree and would never agree to give up our principles or the rights of the Palestinian people," Abbas stated. "They made a conference about Gaza, but only now do they claim to recognize that Gazans are suffering and we've been talking for 11 years already."
© AFP 2018/ ABBAS MOMANI Palestine Doubtful About US Future Mideast Peace Plan Likely Favoring Israel
"The US and Israel bear responsibility for the Hamas takeover of the Gaza strip," he added.
According to reports, Abbas' remarks were in response to comments Friedman had made via Twitter that criticized the Palestinian Authority for not condemning an attack in the West Bank that killed two Israeli soldiers and which suggested that settlements were a part of Israel.
While speaking at a conference in Jerusalem, Friedman responded to Abbas' statements by suggesting that they could be deemed anti-semitism.
"Is that anti-semitism or political discourse?" Friedman was quoted as saying by the Jerusalem Post. "I leave that up to you."
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu suggested that Abbas was starting to lose his marbles.
"Abu Mazen's assault on the US Ambassador David Friedman says it all," Netanyahu, using Abbas' nickname, said on Twitter. "For the first time in decades, the US administration has stopped pampering the Palestinian leaders and tells them: ‘enough is enough.' Apparently the shock of the truth has caused them to lose it."
The White House has also issued a statement calling Abbas' insults "highly inappropriate" and saying he "must choose hate or peace," according to AFP.
Relations between Palestine and the US have been on an "it's complicated" status ever since the White House officially recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital. Palestinian leaders have long insisted that East Jerusalem must be the capital of an independent Palestinian state.
It's unclear how Abbas will respond to both Netanyahu and the Trump administration.
ORLANDO, Fla. – Staff members at a Florida hospital raced to save a tiny patient – and a little girl's Christmas – after the family dog attacked her Elf on the Shelf.
Orlando mother Jenn Thelen said she woke up to the screams of her 7-year-old daughter Aubrie after the family's German shepherd got ahold of the doll, whose name is Sam, according to a Facebook post Wednesday from the Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children.
Despite the rosy cheeks and wide holiday smile, the elf's injuries were serious – the right arm had been completely severed and the left arm, right knee and face were lacerated. With more than two weeks to go before Christmas, Thelen, the nurse manager for the hospital's emergency department, told her daughter that the “special doctors” on the medical team could save Sam.
While at work that morning, she got some help from her coworkers and gathered expired medical supplies so they could film Sam being prepped for “surgery.” One of the rules of the Elf on the Shelf is that it may lose its magic if touched, so Thelen told Aubrie her team had “magic gloves” that let them work on him.
One of the ER team members stitched Sam back together, and, with a sprinkling of Christmas magic – also known as glitter – Sam was discharged in good condition.
“The magic of Christmas and Sam the Elf continues for Aubrie,” the hospital posted. “Sam is now back on his shelf and mom will definitely make sure that he is out of Zoey's reach.”
By John Krinjak
Email: jkrinjak@abc6.com
Twitter: @johnkrinjakABC6
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (WLNE) -- Providence school officials announced a big change Monday in how they handle allegations of student abuse.
This comes after the Teachers Union voiced concerns over a spike in false accusations against teachers.
Superintendent Christopher Maher announced Monday he will now personally review every allegation of abuse brought against district employees, to determine whether the case actually warrants a teacher being placed on administrative leave.
The superintendent met with Mayor Elorza and leaders of the school board at the request of Teachers Union President Maribeth Calabro.
She says a new law mandating that every accusation be reported to DCYF has had the unintended consequence of bringing about a slew of "inappropriate, false allegations that could ruin the reputation of accused teachers.
Now the district will no longer be waiting for DCYF to clear an allegation before school officials take action.
"I, as a superintendent, am I going to be personally reviewing every administrative leave decision that is made in the district in an effort to bring some, some common sense and some judgement to these decisions."//"What we need to do is look at each one in a case-by-case basis and make a determination if there was something that was a minor infraction that would not require an administrative leave," said Maher.
Recent allegations that a gym teacher at Harry Kizirian Elementary School molested several girls, as well as a violent incident between a student and an administrator at Central High School, have brought increased scruity around how accusations are reported and dealt with.
Officials say they currently have 16 staff members on administrative leave.
© WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
BRIEF-Tianshui Huatian Technology says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.50 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 10 new shares for every 10 shares for FY 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
THE Welsh Ambulance Service is set to add 90 new vehicles to its fleet following a cash injection of £8.2 million.
The boost, from the Welsh Government, will allow the service to purchase 18 Emergency Ambulances and 67 Non Emergency Patient Transport Service (NEPTS). The cash will also purchase five specialist Hazardous Area Response Team (HART) vehicles.
The Welsh Ambulance Service currently has more than 700 vehicles in its fleet, which cover an area of more than 8,000 square miles across Wales.
Vaughan Gething, health secretary, said: “The £8.2 million investment will enable the Welsh Ambulance Service to continue upgrading its existing fleet, allowing the service to deliver the best care for people in Wales. This will ensure the ambulance service is able to deploy the most appropriate clinician in the most appropriate vehicle, ensuring people receive the quickest response possible.”
Richard Lee, director of operations for the Welsh Ambulance Service, added: “Whether we're attending emergency calls, taking non-emergency patients to appointments or providing life-saving care at major incidents, it's vital that we have a modern fleet capable of responding to everyone's needs.”
Heavily armed police have stood down after an incident at a home in Adelaide's north where they thought a man had been shot in the leg and a gunman was possibly at large.
Officers were called to the Salisbury Park property on Tuesday afternoon and found the man outside with a wound to his lower leg.
He was treated by paramedics at the scene for non-life threatening injuries.
Police cordoned off the area and asked local residents to stay inside as they called for anyone inside the house to come out.
But a spokesman said it was now believed no one else was involved in the incident.
He said it had also been determined that the man's injury was not consistent with a gunshot wound.
"He's now being treated in hospital and is assisting police with their inquiries," the spokesman said.
March 31 New York reit Inc-
* New York REIT -on March 30, co through unit exercised right to acquire remaining 51.1% interests in Worldwide Holdings Llc it does not currently own
* New York REIT - WWP option was exercised pursuant to the company's rights under the joint venture agreement for worldwide plaza
* New York REIT - in connection with co's exercise of option,as required by JV agreement,co deposited $30 million in escrow with Stewart Title Insurance Co Source text: (bit.ly/2nSdyRD) Further company coverage:
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
SAN DIEGO– A military plane crashed in Lake Havasu, Arizona early Tuesday morning, authorities said.
The U.S. Air Force confirms the aircraft was en route from Luke Air Force Base, located just west of Phoenix.
We will continue to update this story as more information becomes available.
US President Donald Trump rocked the world when he announced that the United States now recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, throwing the Middle East into an uproar and prompting political leaders all across the globe to consider the consequences of this development.
Wilton Historical Society hosts garden antique show
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Contributed Photo Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 A cast stone Art Deco cat offered by Jewett and Berdan, which will be on display at the “Objects of Desire: Style for the Garden and Home” show from June 1-3 at the Wilton Historical Society, 224 Danbury Road. less A cast stone Art Deco cat offered by Jewett and Berdan, which will be on display at the “Objects of Desire: Style for the Garden and Home” show from June 1-3 at the Wilton Historical Society, 224 Danbury ... more Photo: Contributed Photo Image 2 of 3 A pair of Mr. Peanut cast iron banks offered by Warren Antiques, which will be on display at the Objects of Desire: Style for the Garden and Home show from June 13 at the Wilton Historical Society, 224 Danbury Road. less A pair of Mr. Peanut cast iron banks offered by Warren Antiques, which will be on display at the Objects of Desire: Style for the Garden and Home show from June 13 at the Wilton Historical Society, 224 ... more Photo: Contributed Photo Image 3 of 3 Wilton Historical Society hosts garden antique show 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
WILTON — If you are looking for the perfect antique to tie your garden collection together, look no further than the Wilton Historical Society.
The nonprofit will host its inaugural garden antique show, “Objects of Desire: Style for the Garden and Home” from June 1-3 at its campus at 224 Danbury Road.
The two-day show — plus Friday's preview — will feature a “carefully edited, eclectic mix of outstanding pieces for the garden and home,” according to Allison Sanders, the co-director of the Wilton Historical Society.
“This is an entirely new kind of show — the spotlight is on amazing objects. The kind of objects that clearly have stories to tell — or perhaps there is a story about how you connected with it, how it spoke to you. These are one-of-a-kind pieces that can transform the garden and home, giving distinct style and visual pop,” Sanders said.
With offerings ranging from antique and mid-century to contemporary pieces, attendees will have a treasure trove of one-of-a-kind garden accents, fine furniture, accessories, found objects and art from over 25 dealers at their fingertips. Everything from armillaries and urns to sconces and sculpture will be on display.
“When something has been around for 50 or 70 or 100 years or more, it has a different energy about it,” said Karen DiSaia, the show manager. “It's a much more interesting approach to design.”
DiSaia has been the creative force behind shows such as the New York Botanical Garden's Antique Furniture Fair and the Washington Winter Show.
This year's participating dealers will include A Bird in Hand, Jeffrey Henkel, Leatherwood Antiques, Newsom and Berdan, Sandy Jacobs, Village Braider and more.
Design Chair Phillip Thomas, an interior designer from New York City, will also create a special vignette made up of antiques on display in the entry area of the 1740 Betts House. The Wilton Garden Club will be participating with daily demonstrations of container planting, plus advice and information.
The show will be open to all on Saturday, June 2 and Sunday, June 3, from 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Admission will cost $10 per person.
Those eager to the first swipe at the wares can participate in an early buying period by attending the Festive Preview Party on Friday, June 1, from 6-8 p.m. Tickets for the opening preview cost $125 per person.
All proceeds from the event will go toward the Wilton Historical Society.
Bitcoin prices have been in free-fall mode. And so have many bitcoin-related stocks, including a tiny beverage company that just changed its name and business model in December.
Scroll for more content...
Long Blockchain, which used to be known as Long Island Iced Tea before it went all-in on cryptocurrencies, soared nearly 200% the day that it announced its new business model. But shares have plunged nearly 55% since then.
And it appears that the company is having a tough time making the transition from a maker of bottles of non-alcoholic Long Island Iced Tea (uhh, what's the point?) to blockchain powerhouse.
Long Blockchain said Friday it was abandoning a previously announced plan to buy bitcoin mining equipment and would focus instead on a merger with the UK-based firm Stater Blockchain.
But the decision to not go ahead with the purchase of the bitcoin mining rigs is a bit curious. After all, Long Blockchain said when it announced the Stater deal just a few weeks ago that the merger would "complement" its acquisition of the bitcoin equipment.
Shares of Long Blockchain actually rose a bit Friday, but it's worth noting that trading volume was extremely light. And the overarching trend for the stock over the past few weeks is still down.
Related: Forget bitcoin. Here come the blockchain ETFs
Bitcoin prices have tumbled after nearly hitting $20,000 in December. The price briefly fell below $8,000 Friday due to fears of more regulation worldwide. Ethereum, litecoin, ripple, cardano and numerous other cryptocurrencies have plunged as well.
India was the latest government to announce tougher new measures, joining South Korea and China. The Securities and Exchange Commission in the U.S. has also sounded the alarm bell about crypto investments that could be fraudulent.
Facebook has even announced it was banning ads that promote cryptocurrencies.
None of this is good news for Long Blockchain, or other companies that decided to hitch their wagons to the cryptocraze, only to watch their stock prices plunge along with bitcoin and other digital currencies this year.
A company now called Riot Blockchain has plunged nearly 60% so far in 2018. Last year, the company changed its name from Bioptyx and changed its business model from biotech to bitcoin.
LongFin, a financial tech firm that recently went public, and initially skyrocketed after announcing that it bought a blockchain microlender, has lost more than a third of its value this year.
And shares of a small company called Nodechain have dropped by more than 40% this year as well. Nodechain recently got into the cryptocurrency mining business last December. Before that, it was a maker of electronic cigarettes called Vapetek.
Jennifer Lopez and Drake rang in 2017 at his Las Vegas show on Saturday.
The Jenny From the Block star supported Drake at his New Year's Eve show at the Hakkasan nightclub after they both enjoyed dinner with a large group of friends, according to Usmagazine.com, further fuelling romance reports.
“Jennifer watched and had the best time at Drake's show,” a source said, while another added the 47-year-old was wearing a “sexy ivory-coloured cutout dress for the club” after switching out of the plunging red velvet dress she wore at dinner, held at the Hakkasan restaurant.
Cherney Amhara, a reporter from FOX5 Las Vegas shared a video of Lopez dancing to Drake's set and tweeted, “More from #Drake's performance at #Hakkasan, that lady dancing at Drake's table looks familiar... #Jennyfromtheblock.”
Eagled-eyed fans have also claimed the singer was wearing Drake's long gold necklace, which he has worn on many occasions, in a photo taken at dinner.
The singer was scheduled to host a New Year's Eve show at nightclub E11EVEN Miami in Florida, but she pulled out before Christmas citing “personal and family time” and was replaced by rapper Nicki Minaj.
Lopez, who split from dancer beau Casper Smart in August, fuelled romance rumours with the One Dance rapper when she shared a picture of herself cuddling up on a couch with Drake on Instagram last week. A day later they reportedly shared a kiss while being crowned king and queen of a “prom” party in Los Angeles.
They were first linked at the start of December after the 30-year-old attended two of Lopez's Las Vegas concerts back-to-back and hosted an intimate party she attended.
A video emerged online showing an aircraft of the national postal operator scattering parcels along a takeoff strip in Russia's Far East.
A Russian Post plane was captured on footage in Kamchatsky Region, Russia, as it was taking off next to a pile of parcels lying on the snowy runway, which were then blown away by the aircraft's turbines. The video of the incident has gone viral on Russian social media platforms.
"Your parcel is already on its way," some amused viewers commented on the video.
According to Yelena Ryzhkova, the postal operator's official representative in the Far East, the plane crew and the airport workers violated aviation regulations. The airport employees had to first unload mail from the plane and deliver it to the reception and transfer area and only then should they have handed over the cargo for dispatch.
Though no items were reportedly damaged, the airport and Russian Post have begun separate investigations of the incident.
SAN DIEGO – Authorities put out a call Wednesday for victims of a recent series of groping assaults targeting teenage girls on roadsides in the Logan Heights area.
At least three girls have been approached and lewdly grabbed by a young- looking stranger since last week while walking in neighborhoods around South 30th Street, according to San Diego police.
On Tuesday, detectives arrested a teenage boy on suspicion of committing the string of sexual-battery offenses, Lt. Ernesto Servin said. The youth's identity was withheld because he is a minor.
Anyone else who has been victimized in a similar way is encouraged to call SDPD communications at (619) 531-2000.
Some of Australia's future astronauts could be among a group of 80 girls attending NASA's “space school”.
It is the first time that WA students have joined the trip to the US organised by the Alliance of Girls' Schools Australasia.
More than 200 students from 35 girls' schools are taking part in the two-week program.
Highlights include working on simulated missions to repair the International Space Station, landing a rover on Mars, designing a Mars habitat, experiencing training in limited gravity, learning about robotics and touring the US space agency's facilities in Houston, Texas.
Five Perth College students are taking part in the junior space school, while two are attending “space university” for students from Years 10 to 12.
Perth College principal Jenny Ethell said it was an exceptional opportunity for the students to see science, technology, engineering and maths techniques used in an advanced and inspirational environment.
“The girls will experience firsthand how STEM can be applied in a creative and exciting professional setting, an ideal way to inspire them into STEM careers,” she said.
“As educators, we are thrilled that our students will have this unique chance to acquire new skills to equip them for the rapidly changing workplace and other challenges of the future.”
Camera Icon Perth College students Georgia Varris (17), Melanie Burns (17) and Erin Carlson (14). Picture: Simon Santi/The West Australian
Year 8 student Erin Carlson, who received a scholarship to attend, said it was an amazing opportunity. “I'll be able to see the practical side of STEM subjects, as opposed to learning from a textbook,” she said.
Other WA schools sending students include Iona Presentation, Methodist Ladies' and Presbyterian Ladies' colleges and St Hilda's Anglican School for Girls.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS-- A local non-profit called "Kicks for Kids" hopes to keep kids off the streets.
The organization was launched five years ago by Francisco Ibarra. At the time, he was just hoping to bond closer with his son.
So, with his passion for fashion in mind, he decided this would be a good way to give back to his community.
"Getting a new pair of shoes is like getting a new haircut. You feel good about yourself. You want to go to school and that's what we're trying to implement to these kids," Ibarra said.
The tradition continued with another sneaker giveaway at Winnetka Elementary School on Wednesday.
"We have 95% low income students. So, his donation is very beneficial. They are rewarded based on their achievement and also their need," Principal Lourdes Gurdino said.
Through the program, a hundred under-privileged students received brand-new shoes.
"They chose me to be Ms. Winnetka. I was really happy. I got some new shoes and I really like them," student Juliet Ortega said.
The program is doing more than just making kids look fresh. It's also providing meals to the homeless and even adopting families in need around Christmas.
Now, that's how you kick-start the summer!
Here we go again. The Wall Street Journal reports that Russian hackers stole details of “how the National Security Agency penetrates foreign computer networks, the computer code it uses for such spying, and how it defends networks inside the U.S.” from the home computer of an NSA contractor in 2015.
Perhaps the most tantalizing (or troubling) detail from the report is that the newspaper claims that the files were found using an exploit in a Kaspersky Lab antivirus program on the contractor's computer—Russian software that was recently banned by the Department of Homeland Security from U.S. government use over security concerns. A spokesperson tells the Journal that the NSA doesn't use Kaspersky antivirus software. Clearly, though, such protections don't extend to the homes of contractors.
Perhaps the bigger point here is that yet another contractor has been able to remove files from the NSA's network and get them into the outside world. (The most famous previous offender being Edward Snowden, though more recently Harold Martin also managed a similar feat.) And when a high-profile government agency keeps hemorrhaging sensitive data, that's deeply worrying.
Or as Slate puts it rather more bluntly: "The U.S. can't trust its own spy agency."
As for the Kaspersky link, there are a couple of points worth bearing in mind if you want to be generous. First, as Ars Technica points out, the newspaper provides no supporting evidence for the fact that the hack was achieved via Kaspersky software. And second, even if it was, it may have been an honest security flaw in the program rather than a deliberate back-door built by the Russian state.
But that's being generous. Now, it will prove fascinating to find out if the suspicions of the DHS were founded all along.
We've all felt the emotional highs and lows that come with job hunting. If you are new to the city or country, those emotions of excitement and angst may intensify as you search for a job in an unfamiliar market. “Deciding to leave the familiar and move to a new country is a major decision,” says Ivy Chiu, Senior Director, Cultural Markets, RBC. “Taking steps to build your network before you begin your job search will help set you up for success in today's labour market.”
Consider these tips:
Start your search before you arrive: Technology has made it easier to start your job search before you arrive in Canada. Check out popular sites (www.workopolis.com) to look for jobs in your industry.
Find Workshops: There are many associations that offer free career assistance for newcomers including services such as resume building, skillsbuilding and interview practice. Find one in your neighbourhood and take advantage of the services offered, and use it this opportunity to build your network as well. In Toronto, one of the popular associations is ACCES Employment (ca) which connects employers with qualified employees from diverse backgrounds.
Sign up for internships and volunteer opportunities: While earning an income is the first priority for many, as you navigate through the job market, seek out opportunities to gain experience, network and discover what career path you wish to pursue. You never know –it may lead to a promising career you hadn't considered.
Cross-check credentials: You may be coming with a set of skills from home that needs updating in Canada. Find out what updates you need to make prior to applying to jobs in your specific field.
Build language proficiency: If English or French is not your first language, build your proficiency by signing up for a language course. Remember that business acumen is different than just knowing the language. Seek out associations (http://bit.ly/2uMMrrM) that may offer the service for free or at a discount.
Searching for a job will likely always come with the same flurry of emotions. Taking the steps to be prepared and put your best foot forward will help as you navigate your way through the process.
For more newcomers advice, please visit rbc.com/newcomers
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
A worker walks during renovation of the Bung Karno stadium ahead for 2018 Asian Games in Jakarta, Indonesia, March 17, 2017. REUTERS/Beawiharta
JAKARTA Indonesia hopes to complete preparations to host the 2018 Asian Games by the end of this year, Vice President Jusuf Kalla said, shrugging off concerns over a corruption probe and construction delays.
Indonesia faces "huge" challenges in organising the multi-sport event, particularly coordination of government agencies, the Olympic Council of Asia said last month, media reported.
A police investigation into the alleged embezzlement of nearly $700,000 from promotional funds also led to two senior officials of the Indonesian Olympic panel being suspended late last year, after they were named as suspects.
"We are optimistic we will finish the main venues by the end of the year," Kalla said in an interview at the presidential palace in central Jakarta on Friday.
"Sometimes there is a possibility for delay and ... if anything happens we still have six months to finalise," added Kalla, who was charged with overseeing preparations last month, after President Joko Widodo raised worries about progress.
Organizers expect more than 30,000 people to be involved in the events, from athletes to coaches, he added.
Held every four years, the games will take place in the capital and the south Sumatra city of Palembang in August and September next year. Athletes from 45 Asian nations will compete in sports from badminton to the Chinese martial art of wushu.
Indonesia last hosted the games in 1962.
The graft probe will not disrupt preparations, however, Kalla added.
"If anything, everybody is being more responsible and careful about the organising," he told Reuters.
(Reporting by Kanupriya Kapoor; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
On Thursday, a Texas father was cleared of a murder charge in the asphyxiation death of his 2-year-old daughter after prosecutors learned that his 7-year-old son admitted being responsible, PEOPLE confirms.
The capital murder charge against Anthony Michael Sanders was dismissed, a spokeswoman from the Tarrant County District Attorney's Office tells PEOPLE. According to NBC 4, Sanders' son said that when he was 5 years old, he rolled a heavy pillow onto his sister Ellie's face and couldn't remove it.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
The boy had previously told investigators he hadn't shared this information earlier because he was “afraid that he would get in trouble” reports the Fort Worth Star-Telegram.
In April 2016, when Sanders was initially charged, Watauga Police Sgt. Jason Babcock said authorities thought Sanders' may have killed Ellie after she interrupted his computer game.
• PEOPLE's special edition True Crime Stories: 35 Real Cases That Inspired the Show Law & Order is on sale now.
Sanders' defense attorney Tim Moore described his client as being “elated” that the charge had been dropped, adding that “he has denied it from the beginning,” according to NBC 4.
He went on to add that Sanders will not face any new charges, although a spokeswoman for the Tarrant County District Attorney's Office told PEOPLE they could not confirm this because the case is still pending.
Tyrone Chambers, charged with killing Hamilton teen Brandon Musgrave, says witnesses at the student party where it happened are mistaken when they testify he fired his gun that night.
"I know I didn't shoot anyone," Chambers told the jury during his testimony in his own defence on Monday.
Chambers, 31, is accused, along with Joshua Warner, 29, with second degree murder and aggravated assault in the shooting of Musgrave and of two other students who survived.
The victims were guests at a March 12, 2010 spring break party given by Columbia International College students living at 53 Dundurn St. S.
Court has heard Chambers did not like the music being played and Musgrave, 18, was trying to calm the situation. The dispute continued and got heated until Chambers drew out his gun, wrapped inside a sock, and pointed at people.
But Chambers said repeatedly during questioning that he did not fire his gun. He testified earlier that it was Warner who did all the shooting.
Chambers, as he often did while on the stand, spoke directly to the jury when giving answers to his lawyer, and to Warner's.
He told the jury he came into the court process expecting all the witnesses to say he was not the shooter.
"Because I had a firearm out, everyone assumes I did the shooting," he said.
"I didn't shoot, period."
It is a refrain throughout South African history. This is the jewel in the crown: Cape Town, the Mother City, the Gateway to Africa.
A diamond, set between embracing oceans and protective mountains, its beauty and its bounty have for centuries lured visitor, settler and investor. And, if its often smug inhabitants are to be believed, the city is also the natural repository of most of the nation's culture, charm, wit and intelligence.
You might earn your fortune sweating in the Gauteng money mills, but Cape Town is where you spend it. Well, maybe also elsewhere in the Cape, but certainly not in infra dig KwaZulu-Natal – ugh! The biannual invasion of the hinterland's déclassé white trash and, all year round, so many darkies and charous – nor in the economically flat-lining Eastern Cape.
Sure, many of us yokels who subsist elsewhere might claim to be content where we are. We might say we live by choice in KZN's verdant valleys, or the leafy suburbs of the Highveld, lashed by daily summer thunderstorms, or on the eastern coastline, with its rugged beauty and warm sea.
But Capetonians know that, in our hearts, we'd all really much rather be there. Much like Premier Helen Zille's “educational refugees” swamping Western Cape schools, we're all secretly looking for asylum in the well-run, corruption-free Cape of Good Hope.
Capetonians should understand that the drip-torture of their sense of superiority has left their fellow citizens with inferiority complexes and a deep-seated envy. Inevitably, along with envy comes resentment.
So, it is with mixed feelings that we have watched them muddle towards Day Zero, the unhappy distinction of being the first major city in the world where all the taps actually run dry. Sure, upcountry leaders and talking heads mouth platitudes about this being not a local but a national disaster, but behind the comforting words runs a wide streak of schadenfreude.
It's just a little heart-warming to see that the city and provincial leadership of the Cape have feet of clay; to watch them bickering, blame-shifting and calling one another names.
However, in reality that's a sad and deplorable state of affairs. For once, the talking heads are right. This is a national disaster. And like every national disaster, while contributory misjudgments and blunders at various levels have contributed to it occurring, the ultimate responsibility lies at the top.
It lies with the inept, corrupt and paralysed government of President Jacob Zuma and, specifically, with the dysfunctional Water and Sanitation ministry.
By virtually any credible measure, Cape Town and the Western Cape have been better off under DA governance than they were under that of the ANC. Ask the people – the DA vote has increased steadily, every election.
The ANC, steeped in anti-democratic Marxist-Leninist notions of being the sole authentic voice of the people, find this difficult to accept. It would love to see the DA tarnished by a disastrous failure, opening the way to an ANC resurgence.
To this end it has been willing to damage the well-being of millions, as well as sacrifice the second-biggest economic hub's input, by not throwing every available national resource at the crisis.
It is only now, with the intervention of Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, parlaying directly with Zille, that things are changing belatedly.
Water and Sanitation's failure to act timeously and competently is not a surprise. Kader Asmal in 1994 took a department with high levels of expertise, applied mostly to benefit white farmers, and shaped it into an entity that worked to deliver clean water to the masses, while putting the environment at the centre of its strategy.
It has been downhill since Asmal's departure in 1999 and the department is now a textbook example of institutional paralysis. It couldn't run a bath, never mind a critical national resource.
This week, Water and Sanitation tabled South Africa's draft water management master plan through to 2030. Although scientifically sound, it is entirely lacking in an implementable programme of action.
Laughably titled “Ready for the Future and Ahead of the Curve”, it paints an apocalyptic picture of virtually irretrievable structural collapse and water contamination. More than a third of households don't have access to safe water; supply reliability is worse than in the apartheid era; 41% of municipal water earns no revenue, with 35% of the water lost through leakage; 56% of municipal waste water treatment works and 44% of water treatment works are in a poor or critical condition.
It is also an ecological disaster. Half of South Africa's wetlands have been lost. Of those that remain, 48% are in a critical shape.
Day Zero is just the opening act. For much of the country, disaster is imminent and will strike in hundreds of dorps, towns and cities throughout the land, without the fanfare that has accompanied Cape Town's high-profile pain.
* Follow WSM on Twitter @TheJaundicedEye
** The views expressed here are not necessarily those of Independent Media.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
The show is set to enter its 3rd year
Published 8:33 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – ABS-CBN clarified that Coco Martin's teleserye FPJ's Ang Probinsyano will not end yet, contrary to a report that it will be replaced by the upcoming teleserye of Judy Ann Santos.
In a statement sent to the media on Wednesday, July 4, ABS-CBN Integrated Corporations head Kane Choa said that the teleserye will still go on as scheduled.
"There is no truth to the rumor that FPJ's Ang Probinsyano is scheduled to end soon. Coco Martin and the show's writers are enjoying the process of coming up with creative ideas to make the story more compelling, as well as collaborating with the cast and the production team.
"FPJAP continues to enjoy high viewership every night, and our Kapamilyas can expect new twists and characters as it goes into its third year."
Biboy Arboleda, Coco's manager also took to Instagram to clarify the issue which was reported by LionHearTV.
Mali @lionheartvnet A post shared by BIBOYjARBOLEDA_17 (@motherbibs_arboleda) on Jul 3, 2018 at 11:40pm PDT
FPJ's Ang Probinsyano started in 2015 and been one of the most followed shows on TV. The show tackled various crime scenarios and is based on the movie of the same title starring the late Fernando Poe Jr. – Rappler.com
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, attends a news conference at his campaign headquarters in Paris, France, March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
PARIS Emmanuel Macron would resist swift, hefty tax cuts to revive France's sluggish economy if he wins the presidential election and instead embark on a big bang of structural reforms to strengthen long-term growth, his economics advisers said.
Macron, a pro-EU centrist, is favorite to win the vote, with polls showing him facing off against far-right leader Marine Le Pen in a May 7 second round runoff and winning comfortably.
A former investment banker who served as outgoing Socialist President Francois Hollande's economy minister for two years, Macron wants to drive growth through a more skilled workforce and says cutting the euro zone's second-largest budget deficit is key to regaining credibility with EU paymaster Germany.
Jean Pisani-Ferry, who heads Macron's economics team and once led the Hollande government's in-house think-tank France-Strategie, said the independent challenger would bolster French competitiveness by focusing on quality and not just cost.
That would mark a shift from Hollande's push to reduce labor costs through a 40 billion euro ($43.14 billion) tax credit on wages - a policy introduced when Hollande adopted a more pro-business stance midway though his term to spur growth.
"In 2012, there was an urgent need for a cost competitiveness shock. That's no longer today's priority," Pisani-Ferry told Reuters and a group of European journalists in an interview.
"Today's priority is to scale up the skill-set of the French economy," he said, referring to what economists call non-cost competitiveness, or an economy's ability to increase exports by improving the quality of products rather than cutting prices.
France has lost competitiveness against better-quality German products and also against cheaper products from countries with lower labor costs like Spain, according to economists.
Macron wants to compete on quality, rather than depress wages, his team said.
To help French companies, he would turn Hollande's temporary tax credit into a permanent tax cut, though not by the 25 billion euros promised by his conservative rival Francois Fillon.
However, he would also invest 15 billion euros to train one million unskilled youths and another million long-term unemployed workers for jobs in the growing digital, technology and energy sectors.
His team forecasts the investment in skills alone would add 0.4 of a percentage point to annual economic growth by the end of the next presidential term in 2022.
BUDGET DISCIPLINE
To attract foreign investors, Macron would cut corporate tax to 25 percent from 33.33 percent, but do so gradually to ensure that France, a long-time flouter of EU deficit rules, gets and keeps its budget shortfall below 3 percent of national income.
The last time the center-right won power in 2007, former president Nicolas Sarkozy flew to Brussels to negotiate more leeway on the budget deficit so he could cut taxes.
"We refuse to do what was done by our predecessors," economic advisor David Amiel said. "We make no apology for our budget discipline."
Macron, who as economy minister lobbied for last year's labor law reforms to be more ambitious in the face of stiff union resistance, promises a further easing of labor regulations in his first year.
He says he would make it easier for firms to sack workers by capping severance packages and would allow companies to strike in-house deals over pay, working hours and conditions. He would also focus financing for vocational training and apprenticeships on the unemployed and less-well educated members of the workforce.
In his second year, policy priorities would include unifying France's 37 different pension systems into one, modeling it on Sweden's point-based system, as well as an overhaul of the unemployment insurance system to take its management away from unions and bosses.
Macron's target is to cut France's unemployment rate to 7 percent by 2022 from 10 percent currently.
"The French have been disheartened by years of unkept promises, so we are modest in our forecasts," Pisani-Ferry said.
(Reporting by Michel Rose; editing by Richard Lough)
Three people were arrested Sunday morning after Henderson County deputies found them in possession of methamphetamine.
Jorge Pina, 29, of Chandler, Jeffery Barton, 26, of Chandler, were both charged with felonies for manufacture and delivery of a substantial amount of a controlled substance and tampering with evidence.
Sherry Brooks, 34, of Murchison, was arrested for tampering or fabricating physical evidence.
Deputies pulled the three suspects over in a church parking lot in the Forest Grove subdivision off FM 315 early Sunday morning.
Inside the vehicle was 10 plus grams of methamphetamine, two glass pipes, plastic bags, and a scale, providing deputies enough evidence to charge Pina and Barton with manufacture and delivery of a controlled substance. Deputies believed the drugs were being packaged for sale to other users.
Pina and Barton were taken to the Henderson County Jail. Their bonds were set at $40,000 a piece.
Brooks was released from the Henderson County Jail, Sunday, on a $5,000 bond.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) customs director-general Hamzah Sundang (2nd R) poses with rhino horns that were seized on April 7 from Mozambique to Kuala Lumpur via Doha, during a news conference at the airport in Sepang, Malaysia April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Rozanna Latiff
KUALA LUMPUR Malaysian authorities have seized about $3.1 million (£2.5 million) worth of rhinoceros horns flown in from Mozambique via Qatar, the latest seizure in Asia of products from endangered species to feed demand for traditional remedies, officials said on Monday.
Malaysia is a major transit point for the trade in endangered species to other Asian countries although a customs official told Reuters Malaysia was believed to have been the final destination of the 18 horns.
Customs officials at Kuala Lumpur International Airport found the more than 51 kg (112 lb) of horns on Friday, after a tip-off, packed in wooden crates in a cargo warehouse, airport customs director Hamzah Sundang told a news conference.
The horns had been shipped to Malaysia via Doha, Qatar, on a Qatar Airways flight, using false documents and declared "Obra de arte" or "objects of art", Hamzah said.
"The address of the consignee and the agent of the recipient didn't exist. All the documentation used for the shipment were false," Hamzah told the news conference at the airport customs complex.
No suspects had been detained and investigations were continuing, he said.
The office of Qatar Airways in Kuala Lumpur did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
In January, 846 kg (1,860 lb) of ivory tusks were seized at the airport, media reported.
Global trade in rhino horn is banned by a U.N. convention, but it is prized in some Asian countries as an ingredient in traditional medicines to treat everything from fever to cancer.
Last month, Thai authorities confiscated nearly $5 million worth of rhino horns in the country's biggest such seizure in years.
(Reporting by Rozanna Latiff; Editing by Robert Birsel)
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Some 83 percent of Russian citizens have positive and favorable attitude toward country's President Vladimir Putin, a poll by Russia's non-profit Levada Center showed on Wednesday.
The poll revealed that at least 49 percent of the respondents respect, 20 percent sympathize with, and 14 percent admire Putin. The poll added that a mere 10 percent of respondents express indifference toward the Russian president.
With regard toward former Soviet leaders, 47 percent and 46 percent of respondents said they had positive attitudes toward Leonid Brezhnev and Joseph Stalin, respectively.
Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev was the least popular among respondents, with only 15 percent of respondents saying that they had favorable attitudes toward him.
The poll was conducted between January 20 and January 23 and sampled 1600 adult people throughout Russia.
The JICA-backed plan will traverse 15 kilometers across the city, with another 6.6 kilometers extension
Published 8:52 PM, April 24, 2018
DAVAO CITY, Philippines – A study assisted by the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) proposed a multi-billion peso train system for Davao City to meet the rising mobility demands of Mindanao's trading hub.
The study called IM4 Davao was prepared by ALMEC Corporation, Oriental Consultants Global Co., Ltd, and EX Research Institute Ltd.
The plan proposed the mass transit's main 15-kilometer line would begin at Talomo in the south, stretching to J.P. Laurel. The next phase of the project would also include another line extending the southernmost Talomo station to Toril by 6.6 kilometers.
The study also recommended connecting the system to the Francisco Bangoy International Airport in the long haul "depending on demand."
Though it has said that it is interested in a railway system, the Davao City government has yet to plan such a project.
"If there's a viable private proposal, or proposal coming from the private sector, the city is willing and ready to sit down with them," Tristan Dwight Domingo, the city's assistant city administrator, told reporters on Tuesday, April 24..
Prior to the release of the report, key officials from the city government were in Japan last week in a JICA-sponsored trip that took them to a series of lessons on urban planning.
The mass transit study followed after a series of surveys, workshops, and consultation meetings which began in January 2017.
Apart from recommending a railway system, the study also gave proposals to help the city improve its safety from disasters and urban conditions. The report also provided economic analysis on the proposed transport projects, apart from water supply, wastewater management, and solid waste management projects.
Davao City has seen a rapid urbanization for the past few years. In 2015, the Philippine Statistics Authority said its population reached 1.6 million, compared to 0.7 million in 1985.
JICA estimates the railway project to cost some $684.1 million, covering viaducts, stations, system works, depot, railcars, right-of-way, and engineering services.
It also proposed that the transit line could be connected to the ongoing Mindanao Railway project.
Davao City for the past few years floated the idea of building a rail transit within the city. Recently though it showed more interest in creating a highly-prioritized bus system, with its technical design still with the Asian Development Bank. – Rappler.com
A A
American International Group posted its fourth loss in six quarters, burned again by higher-than-expected claims costs as Chief Executive Officer Peter Hancock struggles to sustain profitability.
The net loss widened to $3.04 billion, or $2.96 a share, from a $1.84 billion, or $1.50, a year earlier, the New York-based insurer said Tuesday in a statement. The fourth quarter's operating loss, which excludes some investment results, was $2.72 a share, missing the average estimate in a survey of 18 analysts for a profit of 42 cents.
Hancock is seeking to stabilize results by being more selective about the risks that AIG takes through both insurance underwriting and investing. He has been selling units to free up cash for shareholder buybacks and to simplify the company while focusing on the increased use of analytics to gain an edge in specialized lines, such as guarding commercial clients against cyber breaches.
“We took decisive actions in 2016 to dramatically reduce uncertainty and deliver higher quality, more sustainable earnings in the future,” Hancock said in the statement. He reiterated the two-year goal from January 2016 to return $25 billion to shareholders, adding that the commitment is “subject to regulatory and rating agency considerations and future profitability improvements.”
AIG fell 4.3 percent to $64 in extended trading at 4:59 p.m. in New York. The shares had climbed 2.4 percent this year by the close of regular trading in New York, compared with a 4.4 percent rally in the S&P 500. The insurer also trailed the index in 2016. Results were released after the close of regular trading.
Championship side Birmingham City appointed former Tottenham Hotspur boss Harry Redknapp as manager until the end of the season, as a replacement for Gianfranco Zola.
Redknapp, who at 70 becomes the oldest manager in English football, guided Tottenham to Champions League qualification in the 2009-10 season.
His last foray into management was a two-match spell in charge of the Jordan national team in March last year.
“I got fed up sitting around doing nothing. I will come and live up here until the end of the season,” Redknapp told TalkSPORT on Tuesday.
“If I can keep them up then we can sit down and talk about going forward.”
Former Italy international Zola resigned after a 2-0 home defeat to Burton Albion that left Birmingham three points off the relegation zone.
They are in 20th position and play Aston Villa on Sunday.
BRIEF-Apple files for notes offering of up to $1.0 billion
* Says notes will bear interest at a rate of 3.000pct per year and will mature on June 20, 2027 Source text: (http://bit.ly/2rsfDae) Further company coverage:
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Pebble CEO Tom Collier began the roll out of Pebble mine's new design early Thursday morning in Anchorage.
The company is focusing on a much smaller footprint in the Pebble West deposit only.
“We set as a goal trying to get into the ballpark of what the Obama EPA would have allowed to have been built in the region, and we've done that,” Collier said. “The Bristol Bay Watershed Assessment said that something 4.7 square mile footprint could be built, and we're at 5.4 square miles as we go forward with this project.”
A footprint includes the pit, tailings facilities and waste rock, the latter of which the company said will be used in construction of the tailings dams and not left in open piles.
Environmental Protection Agency estimated Pebble's footprint would be at least 13.5 square miles, Collier said, more than double what the company is now planning.
Including all other facilities and construction, Pebble now said the entire project footprint has been reduced to 12.7 square miles, less than half what it used to be, and now smaller than the proposed Donlin Gold Mine on the Kuskokwim River.
Collier said these and other changes are in direct response to the concerns and criticisms raised over the past decade.
“We've decided that we're not going to do secondary gold recovery in this project, so there'll be no cyanide in the region,” Collier said. “Tailings facilities will be much smaller. We'll separate out those that might generate acid if they're not treated in a special way, and make that facility lined and even more buttressed so it'll be safe. By making the mine smaller, we'll only be in two drainages, the North and South Fork Koktuli, and not in the Upper Talarik drainage which was part of the original plan.”
The current design of a Pebble mine, during normal operations, will disturb or damage a “negligible, as in, not measurable” amount of sockeye salmon spawning habitat, Collier said.
To measure what could happen to sockeye in the event of a catastrophic failure of a tailings facility, similar to the 2014 Mount Polley disaster in British Columbia, the company is using the Bristol Bay Watershed Assessment developed under President Obama's EPA. That study suggested that with no remediation or cleanup, some 10 miles of the Koktuli's salmon habitat would be damaged for 10 years.
“When we look at what that looks like in term of sockeye production, it would literally be two one hundredths of one percent of the sockeye production in the region,” Collier said. “That's a risk that we don't want to run, and we believe we've protected against that risk, but that's the worst case. And those that think we would or could destroy all the salmon in Bristol Bay just don't have the facts before them.”
To move the ore to Cook Inlet, Pebble's new plan uses an ice-breaking ferry to cross Iliamna Lake to a shorter new road east of Kokhanok. Not building a northern or southern route road around the lake will significantly cut down Pebble's overall impact on wetlands, Collier said.
Those routes are still being explored as alternatives for an environmental impact statement.
Pebble is looking to form a revenue sharing corporation to pay out dividends to local residents and village corporations during the project, since the deposit is not on Bristol Bay Native Corporation lands.
The individual checks may be $500, and the corporations may see $500,000 annually.
Collier wants to find new ways to help local fishermen, and produce enough power to offer low cost electricity for the region. That power could come from a new natural gas plant across Cook Inlet or be generated closer to the site.
The project has been scaled back from an estimated annual operating budget of $1 billion to $400 million.
Pebble believes annual royalties to the Lake and Peninsula Borough will still be around $20 million, that local residents will have access to some 1,000 news jobs, and village corporations will have access to ample new contracts.
Pebble does not have a new partner yet, Collier said, but he is still planning to file a permit application before the end of the year.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
A group of North Korean soldiers and officers has made the unsurprising discovery that dictator Kim Jong-un does not have a sense of humor.
After “slandering” the dictator with jokes that compared him to a mental patient and a small child, troops from the Second Army Corps have been arrested and investigated (two steps which usually occur in that order in North Korea). A source told Radio Free Asia they will be “severely punished,” possibly with the death penalty.
Another jest reported by UPI mocks Kim Jong-un as “Kim Squared” because he is crazier than his father Kim Jong-il and grandfather Kim Il-sung combined. That one probably gets bonus points in the North Korean “justice” system for mocking the entire ruling family at once.
The story prompts interest beyond the immediate “what were these guys thinking?” reaction because UPI reports there are signs of Kim's growing unpopularity across the country. Other military units are growing nervous about the possibility of scapegoating or loyalty purges. Leaflets calling for Kim's overthrow were found in one city, while anti-Kim graffiti was sprayed across buildings in another.
According to the Christian Post, the graffiti called for Kim Jong-un to be “punished” as an “enemy of the people.” The government responded by declaring, “Those who try to challenge the Sun will never survive.”
Counting of votes for the by-polls to the Chengannur Assembly seat in Kerala was underway on Thursday with CPI-M candidate Saji Cherian taking an early lead with over 1,500 ballots.
Election experts predicted that the signs were positive for Cherian as compared to the 2016 Assembly polls when the Communist Party of India-Marxist candidate had a lead of only 400 votes.
"The signs are good and victory is becoming clear because I have led in all the 14 booths which include strongholds of the Congress-led UDF," said Cherian.
Congress candidate D. Vijayakumar is the second position followed by the BJP's P.S.Sreedharan Pillai. The by-polls for the Chengannur Assembly seat was necessitated following the death of CPI-M legislator K.K. Ramachandran Nair in January. Voting for the seat took place on Monday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The then 18-year-old daughter of William Watt called police in September claiming that her father slapped her during a confrontation that was started in part by what she referred to as a "forced exorcism attempt."
According to the police report, Watt's adult daughter was watching TV in her family home when Watt, his wife and their son suddenly approached her chanting "the power of Christ compels you" and throwing various objects at her, including a plastic water bottle, causing minor injuries.
RT people "Michigan Dad Sentenced for Slapping Daughter After Allegedly Trying to Perform Exorcism on Her https://t.co/K2BsTy30pu" — Suwaid bhat (@Suwaid7) 14 июня 2017 г.
​The teen managed to escape the bizarre ritual and headed to work, but as soon as she returned later that day, Watt accused her of "stealing his food" and slapped his daughter across the cheek. The girl called a friend for help, and after she was taken to a safe place, she decided to file a report.
"You can't put your hands on your adult children," Livingston County Court Judge Miriam Cavanaugh said during Watt's sentencing, according to the Detroit Free Press.
"You don't get to kick around your kids because they're your kids," she added. "You don't get to grab her neck or slap her in the face."
© AP Photo/ Hussein Malla Turkey Sentences UN Court Judge to 7 Years in Jail Over Failed Coup Attempt
Judge Cavanaugh ordered Watt, who has a history of criminal offenses for domestic violence against family members dating back to 1997, to spend one to 10 years in prison.
Livingston County Prosecutor William J. Vailliencourt Jr. Said that Watt deserved his sentence, citing previous cases in which he was accused of choking his teenage son and assaulting his wife, along with trying to disconnect the phone when she tried to reach for help.
The BC Lions crashed an aquafit class in Kamloops this week
If you like their moves on the field you'll be delighted with what they bring to the pool.
The BC Lions held their annual training camp in Kamloops this past week, but what was different about this year was an impromptu team workout session.
The football players piled into the pool at the Canadian Games Aquatic Centre for a little aquafit workout.
Several members of the Lions were filmed splashing about after taking a break from their training at Hillside Stadium.
Players also invited members of the public to attend their club's 2018 FanFest, last weekend, where those big and small had a chance to watch a practice and meet the Lions.
The team will be in Kamloops until June 7 for training.
Like the moves you saw in the pool? Wait til you see what we do at @bcplace! 😎🏈 And for our 65th season, we have an AMAZING HOME OPENER Deal! 2 🎟🎟
2🌭🌭
2🍺🍺or 🥤🥤 For JUST $65! BE THERE 👉🏻https://t.co/XFhygNkANH pic.twitter.com/8lWVvof5eu — BC Lions (@BCLions) May 30, 2018
@Jen_zee
jen.zielinski@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
An Anti-Corruption Court is the capstone that will complete an infrastructure to eliminate Ukraine's systemic corruption and to attract massive investments.
President Petro Poroshenko's current proposal misses the mark, and fails to meet the criteria stipulated by the International Monetary Fund and the Council of Europe's Venice Commission. Under Poroshenko's bill, international experts will play only an advisory role in the selection of judges, and civil society has no role.
Without international oversight, the process is a sham. This is because his proposal would delegate the vetting of candidates to the same jaded judicial body that allowed in twenty-seven unacceptable persons to Ukraine's new Supreme Court. By so doing, they ignored the Public Integrity Council that vetted the roster last year.
This time, Poroshenko would eliminate both the Public Integrity Council and international involvement from the process, thus creating an anti-corruption court in name only, staffed by crooks and cronies.
This means that—without a bullet-proof autonomous court in place—Ukraine's anti-corruption police and prosecution institutions will continue to be guard dogs without a bite. It also means that, without the rule of law, Ukraine's economy will continue to be unjust and unattractive.
Fortunately, there is still time to right this proposal as the legislation passes through committees and further readings in parliament. Significantly, Prime Minister Volodymyr Groisman publicly supports the IMF and Venice Commission recommendations, unlike the president's bill.
Last week, Groisman elaborated to Latvian media: “We have created a system of anti-corruption authorities for a few years. We have the National Agency for the Prevention of Corruption, National Anti-Corruption Bureau, and Anti-Corruption Prosecutor's Office. What's left is to set up the Anti-Corruption Court. This court should be independent. Then it will be a guarantee for everyone that it would issue fair rulings.”
By contrast, Poroshenko defended his court proposal by saying that international involvement in the court's creation would infringe on Ukraine's sovereignty in an interview with the Financial Times.
By so doing, Poroshenko reneged on funding terms set by the IMF and on pledges made to the European Commission in return for relaxation of visa restrictions between Ukraine and the European Union.
Poroshenko never cited sovereignty issues when he gladly accepted billions of dollars, and visa privileges, from foreign donors and allies. By accepting both, he assumed the responsibility on behalf of Ukraine to deliver a truly independent “high” anti-corruption court.
Besides, foreign participation has been involved in Ukraine since 2014, notably concerning the appointment of specialized anti-corruption prosecutors and the head of the National Anti-Corruption Bureau.
He is also flouting the wishes of the public as well as of business. Political posturing aside, international investors will only accept proof, not promises, before they commit billions to build Ukraine's economy.
“The fight against corruption… remains a priority for 2018, with the business community's expectations of eliminating corruption seen a key to economic growth and foreign direct investment attraction,” wrote Andy Hunder, president of the American Chamber of Commerce in Ukraine, in an e-mail last week.
A recent Chamber survey shows that his members see the creation of an Anti-Corruption Court as their number one priority. Respondents named NABU the champion of 2017, followed by electronic income declarations for state officials. And 71 percent of respondents stated that the most corrupt state institutions are the courts, 54 percent said it was tax and customs authorities, and 34 percent said local government authorities.
Poroshenko also went on the defensive, after activists and others have roundly criticized his court template, by repeating that the country has undertaken more reforms in the past four years than have happened in twenty-five years. Frankly, that's not saying much, given the dreadful leaders of the past, but his point about some reforms is valid.
However, without the creation of a truly independent and efficient court, all the reform gains will be clawed back or sabotaged. For instance, NABU said in February that, out of the 116 cases it had sent to courts, 44 cases were not being considered. It has conducted almost 500 criminal investigations, though progress on the cases has been slow or nonexistent. Only two minor officials have been convicted to prison terms.
And also in February, Ukraine's corruption rating, published by Transparency International, remained embarrassingly high and slightly worse than Russia's.
Defended by tethered guard dogs, Ukrainians lack access to justice, lack opportunities to attract more foreign investment, and have no means to bring to justice former President Victor Yanukovych and his accomplices, still embedded in Ukraine's government and society, that have looted the nation's wealth and ruined lives.
This is not about a court. This is about finally changing the course of Ukrainian history.
first pulished Atlantic Council March 13, 2018
March 30Shandong New Beiyang Information Technology Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 90 percent to 140 percent, or to be 60.0 million yuan to 75.8 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 31.6 million yuan
* The reasons for the forecast are increased sales of financial industry products and increased refund amount of software products
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/X3vH2k
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
We need to create zones of peace around children in any conflict – whether this be armed, parental, or political
Published 10:00 AM, August 14, 2017
Upon reading the news about the the Bautista couple I tweeted: “May I remind everyone, especially the media, that the Bautista children are not news targets. Especially as they are minors. #MediaEthics”.
I kept my comment to a tweet because my counseling experience tells me that to protect the well-being of these children, we should not talk about them at all.
Unfortunately, I am in a quandary. Because we need to talk about what the Bautista children are going through in order to educate ourselves about how to uphold their best interest and the best interest of children in general. So with apologies to this family, I write this article.
Before I begin discussing the issues, I cannot overemphasize that this is not about ascribing blame. It is not about taking the side of any parent or any political group. It is purely an attempt at constructive discussion about a topic that is vital to our society's development.
Also before I begin, let me point out that the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child defines a child as being 18 years or below. But parents of older children might still want to consider applying these standards to them.
Counseling parents
I wish that I had been able to counsel Ms Patricia Bautista prior to her decision to go to the media. I wish I had been able to counsel Chairperson Andres Bautista prior to his decision to go public with his answers, too.
In my experience, even the most caring parents, even the most media savvy ones cannot anticipate what happens once the frenzy begins.
This is what I would have advised: say nothing about the children.
Even if it is true that parents risk exposing their families only after considering what their children will suffer, even if they do it to protect their children – it is better they say this only in private to the kids and not in public.
Because, once the children are invoked, then they become part of the political battle.
Often in situations where a spouse is seeking separation because of abuse, the abuser makes the children testify against the abused to friends, in court, and in the media. Often the children are motivated to do this because the abuser cajoles or frightens them. Often the abuser convinces the children that it is the abused who is tearing the family apart and their defense of him or her will cause a reconciliation.
It also happens that neither parent is abusive but they end up making political footballs of their children anyway.
But even if it were true that one parent is immoral and the children know that the other parent is the moral one, I would urge the moral parent not to invoke the children.
Even if the issue is not a matter of media and national interest, I urge parents not to make their children take sides and especially not to make their opinions about their parents public. The children can and will make decisions about their parent's character in line with their emerging capacities. Even at very young ages their judgment is intimate, nuanced, emotional and yet, very often, fair. It is not compatible with the black and white of “this parent good and that parent bad”. This is why it is not good for their psychological well-being to place them in a position where they have to choose between one or the other parent.
The UN Convention gurarantees the right of the child to form their own opinions and express these. But this must be weighed against the over-arching principle also guaranteed in the CRC of doing what is best in the interest of the child. In cases like this, the children's best interest is served if they do not appear in the public debate.
To help the situation, the public needs to be more discerning. The parent who remains silent about the children is often disadvantaged because we misinterpret that silence. When we make our judgments, consider that the silent one may actually be the more caring one.
Media
Mainstream media has come a long way in the last few decades. Article 3 of the 2007 Broadcast Code of the Philippines places the protection of the child's privacy as paramount and prohibits the hurtful intrusions (such as ambush interviews) that we used to see in the past.
Of course social media has no code of ethics. My advice to parents who have decided to go to media is to ask their kids to deactivate their social media accounts and to limit social media engagement while the controvery lasts. This is my advice to the adults too. When one is in a crisis, it is all the more important to listen only to one's conscience and to the counsel of those who you can trust and whose values you share.
But I would refine media practice and ethics further. Don't even ask about the children. And if the parent/s were the first to mention their children, that does not give media (or anyone) the right to talk about them.
I will make a debatable suggestion. Do not even quote the parents when they talk about their children. Legally they have given media the right to do so. Morally, I urge media not to exercise that legal right.
I also urge public relations practitioners who may be hired by any party to look at their own practices and values. Help your client craft the proper messages. A good practice would be having your principal say, “It is a very difficult time for us now and I urge all parties to respect our privacy” in response to questions about their children.
The general public
Lastly, I urge the public not to comment (whether positive or negative) about the children. In the current situation you hear things like, “she/he should have considered the children”. But there are worse comments like “how could he/she feed her children on dirty money!”
Many of those who say these things mean it to bolster their judgment of the character of one or the other party. Indeed, judging the character of the parties concerned will help us form our opinions on a matter of national interest. The way people treat their children is a major indicator of their character. Thus, the tendency to look at their relationship to their children is quite understandable.
But we haven't really heard the children, have we? And we cannot speak to their welfare if we do not know what they are feeling or thinking. On the contrary, as I keep pointing out, expressing our opinions is likely to do them harm.
Many do not realize that a child's human rights includes the right to participate in any action done in their behalf. Again the CRC is quite clear on this. And this includes any verbal statement that anyone makes about them. We cannot speak for them. Not in their name.
Exception and appeal
I will make one final appeal for all children undergoing this situation and for those who will face the same in the future.
The only reason we should speak to anyone about these kids is to tell our own not to judge on the basis of the newspaper reports. We must strongly urge our children not to bully them and instead to reach out to them and support them. Such an action is to the benefit of our children as well. They can use these as opportunities to learn empathy for the suffering other. It will begin their own understanding of how to be critical of media. It will teach them about respecting another's human rights.
I also urge all schools to upgrade their guidance counseling programs to support children in these types of crisis. I suggest that the school administrations issue clear guidelines to teachers and staff on how to handle the situation. This includes looking out for these kids, creating a sense that they can open up to teachers who will respect their confidence, be neutral and non-judgmental. It includes ensuring that they are not bullied.
These efforts will help prevent tragic outcomes. Most of these children do end up being bullied by their schoolmates and sometimes even their teachers. The learning environment is no longer conducive when it should be a respite from strife. At worst, they stop schooling.
We need to create zones of peace around children in any conflict – whether this be armed, parental, or political. In peace zones the general public does not allow the conflict to occur nor will it participate in the conflict even if provoked. If a combatant tries to enter a peace zone they must do so by dropping their weapons and only to visit in peace. If a combatant enters with partisan or hostile intentions, that is no reason to allow the other faction to enter. Combatants should be escorted out and made to conduct their fight elsewhere. Keep the children away from the fight and keep them safe. – Rappler.com
Sylvia Estrada Claudio, MD, PhD, teaches Women and Development Studies at the College of Social Work and Community Development, University of the Philippines.
Miller & Steiert, P.C. handles civil and commercial litigation cases with solutions that appropriately fit every case. The law office focuses on guiding the clients one very step of the litigation process.
[LITTLETON, 05/30/2018] — Miller & Steiert, P.C. knows that mistakes remain an inevitable fact in business. These include willful breaches of contract for some, and this is where the law firm offers creative legal solutions.
Providing Necessary Legal Solutions
Miller & Steiert, P.C. has the experience to handle both civil and commercial litigation cases. The law office has the experience handling willful breaches of contract, or when the breaching party thinks that failing to perform would be more advantageous than performing under the contract.
These cases, according to Miller & Steiert, P.C. involves one party unfairly benefiting at the expense of the other. Asking compensation for illegal losses remains a fact of business life, and so the firm guides its clients every step of the litigation process.
Keeping Clients Informed
Miller & Steiert, P.C. knows that having a good, straightforward, and enforceable contract goes a long way in preventing litigation. And having a good lawyer is just as important to help the client enforce that contract when the time comes.
The law office handles the case and keeps the clients informed and educated as their case moves forward. Having a competent legal team by their side, the clients can concentrate on what they do best, which is running and growing their business.
The cases handled by Miller & Steiert, P.C. include:
• Breach of contract
• Partnership disputes
• Trade secret claims
• Domain name disputes
• Noncompete contract disputes
About Miller & Steiert, P.C.
Miller & Steiert, P.C. has been operating since 1959, representing businesses and individuals in settlement negotiations, jury, and bench trials. Its clients can rely on the law firm's experience to provide the quality representation that they expect. They handle civil and commercial litigation, including real estate, estate planning, family and divorce law, and criminal defense.
For more information, visit https://www.m-s-lawyers.com/ today.
© REUTERS/ Carlo Allegri/File Photo Trump Lashes Out at Chicago Authorities Over City's Growing Homicide Rate
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — At the same time, according to the poll, 73 percent of respondents expressed confidence in outgoing President Barack Obama being able to handle an international crisis.
Also according to the survey, 59 percent believe that Trump could handle the country's economy effectively and 60 percent said he could work effectively with the Congress.
Trump will be inaugurated on January 20.
Work ceases. The gyms and malls empty. Even criminals take the day off.
It's Super Bowl LII, or 52, if you're not into Roman numerals.
Tom Brady, aka Tom Terrific or Touchdown Tom, and the New England Patriots tangle with back-up quarterback Nick Foles and the underdog Philadelphia Eagles Sunday in Minneapolis. Kick-off is 3:30 p.m.
Tip your server and please don't drink and drive.
@VernonNews
newstips@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
CHILD Protection Minister Rachel Sanderson has been accused of telling Grandparents for Grandchildren SA that she could lose her job if the group's funding crisis attracted media attention.
Labor's Jayne Stinson repeatedly raised the issue in Question Time on Thursday, saying at one stage: “My question is to the Minister for Child Protection. Did the minister tell Grandparents for Grandchildren in a meeting words to the effect, ‘I could lose my job over media attention on this issue'?”
Ms Sanderson replied she had no recollection of the “exact wording”.
“I have had several meetings with Grandparents for Grandchildren and, certainly, negative media is not good for any new minister,'' she added.
Camera Icon Labor's Jayne Stinson. Picture: Supplied
This week, Ms Sanderson awarded the volunteer group around $360,000 to continue its work helping grandparents to care for children who are unsafe with their parents and to navigate the legal system.
The funding came after The Advertiser reported the group was due to close their doors on June 30 after 15 years because its funding ceased. In the first decade of operation the organisation helped 60 families a year but high demand has increased to helping 400 new families yearly.
Instead funding was to be redirected to a single advocacy group, Connecting Foster and Kinship Carers.
GFGSA chief executive Peter Biber told The Advertiser he would not comment on private meetings but was informed the information was “gleaned from other sources”.
Michael Cohen made a rather public change in relationship status on Wednesday.
The longtime fixer for the president scrubbed his Twitter biography of a line identifying him as “personal attorney to President Donald J. Trump.”
This conspicuous move comes days after Cohen suggested to ABC News that he was considering flipping on Trump and cooperating with government prosecutors. Cohen also swapped out a cover photo featuring him standing at the podium at a Trump rally for an image of a rippling American flag.
Happy 4th! It looks like @MichaelCohen212 has made some changes. pic.twitter.com/FZfC1wKfy1 — Emily Jane Fox (@emilyjanefox) July 4, 2018
The New York attorney has for years positioned himself as Trump's primary defender, once vowing to “take a bullet” for his boss. But this week he told ABC that his family has his “first loyalty and always will.”
“I put family and country first,” Cohen said.
Cohen told ABC he plans to wait until new attorney, Guy Petrillo, officially joins his team to decide on the prospect of a plea deal. He intends to end a joint-defense agreement with Trump as soon Petrillo is on board.
Prosecutors in the Southern District of New York are investigating Cohen for bank fraud and campaign finance violations, among other possible crimes. The case was referred to the U.S. Attorney's Office by Special Counsel Robert Mueller.
Cohen's LinkedIn page, which is hyperlinked from his Twitter, has not yet been updated.
BRIEF-Cryosite says Mark Byrne has been appointed interim CEO
* Agreed with Andrew Shine (CEO), that his notice period will now be effective 30th June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
© AFP 2016/ FILIPPO MONTEFORTE UN Agricultural Fund Plans to Expand Partnership With Russia
ROME (Sputnik) — The source said Tuesday that Houngbo succeeded to be elected at the 40th session of the Governing Council of IFAD winning the competitors from the Dominican Republic, Indonesia, Italy, Morocco, Mexico, Turkey and Switzerland.
Houngbo is expected to assume office on April 1 after the second term of the incumbent President of IFAD Kanayo Nwanze ends, the IFAD's website added.
IFAD was established in 1977 following the 1974 World Food Conference, according to the fund's press service. The organization's goal is focused on enabling the rural poor in improving food security and nutrition and eradication of rural poverty.
Part of the fantastic colourful parade that marked the opening of the Tóstal festival in Drumshanbo which runs until July 7.
Hugh James Gallagher, Chairman of the Tóstal pictured with this year's Colleen Ciara Reynolds from Ballinaglera and author Michael Harding who raised the Tóstal flag.
Author Micheal Harding who officially opened the Tóstal festival last Sunday when the parade took place.
Kermit the Frog proved to be a hit with young and old.
Bernie Woods, Eimear Lynch and Phil McLoughlin from Drumshanbo Tidy Towns committee.
Paddy O'Rourke from Granard pictured by our photographer Willie Donnellan.
Enjoying the sunshine at the opening parade held in Drumshanbo last Sunday.
Amanda Mulvey from Drumshanbo pictured with her two-year-old son James.
Mattie Griffin who performed numerous stunts on his motorbike during two special performances on Sunday,
Members of the Kiltubrid Pipe Band at the parade.
Enjoying the spectacle of the opening parade from their viewing stand on the High Street, Drumshanbo.
Hugh James Gallagher, Chairman of the Tóstal who presented bouquets of flowers to last year's Colleen, Shae McManus (left) and this year's Colleen, Ciara Reynolds.
Michelle Kelly and Nadoine McLoughlin from Drumshanbo pictured at the parade.
It was definitely a day for ice cream as the sun shone for the opening parade.
Is it Valentine's Day or just a really… REALLY annoying day for you?? Maybe you can relate to these SINGLE people who share their input about the ‘typical' Valentine's Day gifts! **NSFW**
Already a firm favourite with the Danes, the Baltic isle is now finding favour with British travellers, says Rachael Burnett.
‘The sunniest place in Denmark' has so much more to offer than fabulous weather, but the chances are the most British people haven't even heard of it.
For Danes, though, it's a different story. Many fondly recall childhood memories of holidays spent on the Baltic isle Bornholm, a 40-minute flight east from Copenhagen and buffered by the coastlines of Poland and Sweden.
Enjoying the most sun anywhere in Denmark, thanks to its easterly winds, it's also known as The Island of Sunshine. And it has an equally impressive reputation for being a larder of fine produce, used by some of the country's top chefs.
The island's granite cliffs are great for rock climbers (Destination Bornholm/PA)
The shaping of a foodie destination
When the fishing industry went into decline in the 1990s , enterprising residents put the weather to good use, reinventing the island as a top food destination by fostering a community of producers and gourmet eateries.
Dozens of small-scale producers have sprung up in the last ten years and there is now a network of around 65 on the island. Our guide, Hans, tells us the top Danish chefs, including René Redzepi of Noma, use Bornholm produce, earning it a name among Danes as ‘foodie island'.
Rapeseed oil and Danish blue cheese are among the specialities, but products range from wagyu beef to cherry wine. Danish bacon is another local delicacy; the island is home to a special breed of pork and the number of pigs far outnumbers the human population of 40,000.
The culinary delights of Bornholm are on offer at Gudhjem Harbour on the island's north-eastern coast every June, when the Sol over Gudhjem festival takes place.
A festival of feasting
Sol over Gudhjem food festival takes place at a stunning waterfront setting (Rachael Burnett/PA)
Sol over Gudhjem festival, named after the traditional Bornholm herring dish ‘Sun over God's Home', is a showcase of local produce.
The sleepy coastal town comes to life as thousands of food enthusiasts mingle with top gourmet chefs to sample the latest island fares.
It has become one of the biggest chef competitions in Denmark and gives foodies the chance to see how the professionals put local produce to good use.
A huge stage and kitchen is erected beside the waterfront, where crowds can see the chefs at work.
Visitors also get the chance to sample some of the island's specialities at the food market, with dozens of stalls offering tasters around the harbour.
For me, a highlight is a Cosmopolitan with a twist, made using orange gin from Copenhagen Distillery, drizzled over cranberry ice cream – made fresh by local producer Bornholms Ismejeri.
The ice-cream parlour is a start-up by Jonas Bohn and Vibeke Bengtson, who quit their jobs in IT and graphic design in Copenhagen and came to Bornholm for a less stressful life.
And I can easily see why; life here has a wonderfully relaxed pace and appears to be the epitome of what the Danes call ‘hygge'.
An open house event
You can pick your own strawberries at Plantagen farm (Rachael Burnett/PA)
Local farmers, cafes, restaurants, smokeries, fisheries, and other food producers open their doors to visitors for four days as part of the festival.
We pay a visit to Plantagen, which is not usually open to the public. It's an organic vegetable and berry farm where people with mental health issues are given work.
“Working with plants gives you time and good feelings,” manager Bertil cheerfully tells us.
After a few hours picking deliciously sweet, fresh strawberries in the sunny fields, I can feel all the stress of city life ebbing away.
Our next stop is Høstet, a plantation growing sea buckthorns – a fantastically sour kind of berry and superfood.
The berries are rich in nutrients and antioxidants, and are used in marmalade, juice, sauce and even flakes to sprinkle over dishes. They have a sharp, fresh taste, and the marmalade is the perfect accompaniment to blue cheese on a cracker.
The cows at Wagyu Bornholm roam freely over the pastures (Rachael Burnett/PA)
The final stop on our food tour is meeting a herd of cows at Wagyu Bornholm. Farmer Jeppe and school teacher Kasper are rearing the Japanese quality beef calves to be sold to restaurants on the island.
The calves seem to have a carefree life frolicking in the beautiful Bornholm fields and clearly know and love Kasper, who has given them all names.
“We wanted them to have Danish names to show that although they have come from Japan, they are in Bornholm now,” he tells us.
So, what's the island like?
The island is also a paradise for nature lovers. Cycling is a way of life for Danes, and the island's flat terrain, with miles of biking trails, offers the perfect setting to work off all that food.
Bornholm is also home to four of Denmark's seven ancient round churches. These otherworldly fortresses were built in medieval times for the dual purpose of prayer and protection.
Osterlars Church is one of four round churches on the island (Destination Bornholm/PA)
Another gem is Hammershus Castle, a collection of craggy ruins perched on top of a cliff with panoramic views across the Baltic Sea to Sweden. The medieval fortress gives visitors a brilliant insight into the island's past.
Due to its strategic location, the island has been fought over for centuries and has been ruled by Germany, Sweden and briefly the Soviet Union after the Second War World.
There are also plenty of charming little towns for visitors to explore, such as Svaneke with its red clay roofs and winding streets.
Part of a shipwreck on a beach in Bornholm (Destination Bornholm/PA)
The north of Bornholm is lined by a rugged granite coastline, while the south has long stretches of almost empty, pristine white beaches. The sand is so fine on Bornholm that Danes say it's used to fill hourglasses.
Our local guide, Ross, says many visitors describe the island as “one of the quietest, simplest and unspoilt places in the world”.
And after sampling a taste of Bornholm, I'm inclined to agree.
Where to eat
Three restaurants you must try in Bornholm…
Stammershalle Badehotel
(Rachael Burnett/PA)
The restaurant offers gourmet Nordic cuisine in a relaxed setting with sea views over the rugged, rocky coastline. It feels more like visiting a friend's dining room than a top eatery. Calf's tongue with horse radish and cucumber is a highlight from among the six courses. A menu based on seasonal produce starts at £53, and wine pairing can be added for an extra £41. Visit stammershalle-badehotel.dk/en/the-restaurant
Røgeriet Svaneke
(Rachael Burnett/PA)
A trip to the island would not be complete without a visit to a traditional smokehouse. Enjoy a fresh seafood platter with locally brewed beer at a trestle table in the sun. The restaurant's signature dish, Sol over Gudhjem, consists of smoked herring with a raw egg yolk, chives and radish, served on freshly baked rye bread. A sharing platter for two costs £36. Visit roegerietsvaneke.dk
Nordlandet
Perched on a rocky shore on the northern tip of the island, this restaurant boasts a panoramic sea backdrop through floor-to-ceiling windows. Danish asparagus with smoked beef heart and quail egg is a favourite. Four courses with wine, coffee and petit fours costs £112. A two-course meal starts at £41. Visit hotelnordlandet.com/en
How to get there
Stammershalle Badehotel (stammershalle-badehotel.dk) offers double rooms from £107, including breakfast.
Flights with SAS (flysas.com) from London Heathrow to Copenhagen start at £108 return. From there, flights to Bornholm with Danish Air Traffic (dat.dk) start at £96 return.
For more information on the island, visit bornholm.info/en
© Press Association 2018
Joey “Jaws” Chestnut was unable to fully relish the moment Wednesday when he broke his own record at the annual July Fourth Nathan's Famous hot dog eating contest for his 11th Mustard Belt.
Chestnut consumed 74 hot dogs, beating his previous record (set in 2017) of 72, but expressed his frustration with the judges after the contest.
“The judges in front of me were all screwed up, they couldn't see what number I was on. I just had to ignore that and just kept eating. 74 hot dogs — oh man, I murdered it,” he said.
Chestnut's 74 downed hot dogs made for 11 higher than runner-up Carmen Cincotti's 63 and 31 more than third place Darron Breeden's 43.
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent
Transparency Market Research's report “Distributed Control Systems Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Trends And Forecast 2012 – 2018” delivers key insights of the DCS market. According to this report, the global distributed control systems market is estimated to reach a market value of US$19.8 billion by 2018 and demonstrate a CAGR of 3.9% during the forecast period from 2012 to 2018.The global distributed control systems market is majorly driven by its elevated use in the oil and gas industry. The report states that the oil and gas industry in the global distributed control systems (DCS) market will reach an estimated value of US$5.1 billion by end of 2018.
The oil and gas industry is the leading end user of the distributed control systems (DCS) market and contributed to 20% of the market revenue. However, it is expected that the demand for power which falls under the other end user segment will outpace the oil and gas industry in terms of share in the coming few years. This shift will occur due to the rapidly growing acceptance of distributed control systems in the power industry.
The power plant segment in the global distributed control systems market will grow at the highest CAGR of 5% during the forecasting horizon.Other end-user industries of the global distributed control systems (DCS) market are chemicals, metal and mining, waste and wastewater treatment, pulp and paper, pharmaceutical, and other process industries. These industries are witnessing a rising demand for manufacturing owing to which their power consumption has significantly increased. As a consequence, the increment in power demand will also fuel investments from a number of state-owned bodies in the global distributed control systems (DCS) market.
Get brochure for latest technological advancements https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=542
By component type, the global distributed control systems market is classified into DCS services, DCS software, and DCS hardware. DCS software stood out as the largest sector in the global distributed control systems (DCS) market, and held over 50% share in 2012. However, DCS hardware is anticipated to emerge as the fastest growing sector due to growing number of replacement and upgrades of systems.
The majority of distributed control systems were set up during the 1980s in the industrialized regions of North America and Europe. However, most of these regions are now older than 20-30 years and in need for upgrade. The trend of replacing these old systems with efficient distributed control systems is rapidly gaining pace, which will boost the DCS hardware component sector.
Request For Custom Research https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=542
Geographically, the global distributed control systems (DCS) market is divided into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Rest of the World (RoW). In Asia Pacific, several industrializing countries have resulted in a high demand for distributed control systems. With the advent of open-source solutions, subject-matter experts can take advantage of DCS software, which is another factor driving the global DCS market.
The global distributed control systems (DCS) market is witnessing a number of M&As. Notable companies operating in the global distributed control systems market are ABB, Siemens, Yokogawa, Honeywell, Emerson, Invensys, and Rockwell. Presently, ABB Ltd. is leading the market followed by Siemens AG and Honeywell.
* Liquefied gas tanker in test docking at Arctic port
* Voyage is to trial export route through icy seas
* Route will help energy firms exploit Arctic reserves
* Green groups express concern about ecology impact (Adds details, background, quotes, writes thought)
By Olesya Astakhova
SABETTA, Russia, March 30 An ice-breaking tanker docked for the first time at Russia's Arctic port of Sabetta to test a new route that could open the ice-bound Arctic Ocean to ships carrying oil and liquefied gas.
The route is eagerly anticipated by energy firms that want to develop resources in the Arctic but face obstacles in getting oil and gas from remote and freezing fields to world markets.
Environmental activists fear commercial shipping in the Arctic -- now possible because climate change has thinned the ice for part of the year -- will allow exploitation of a region that up to now has been a pristine wilderness.
The 80,000 tonne-capacity Christophe de Margerie, an ice-class tanker fitted out to transport liquefied natural gas, docked in the icy port of Sabetta, with Russian President Vladimir Putin watching via live video-link.
Putin congratulated the crew and energy company officials gathered on the ship's bridge, saying: "This is a big event in the opening up of the Arctic."
The South Korean-built vessel was not picking up a cargo on its maiden voyage, but will eventually be used to transport gas from Russia's Yamal LNG plant, which is near the port.
The project, scheduled to start production in October, is led by Russian firm Novatek and co-owned by France's Total , and China's CNPC and the Silk Road Fund.
The ship is named after a former Total chief executive who died at a Moscow airport in 2014 when a snow-clearing tractor crossed the runway as his private jet was taking off.
The Yamal LNG consortium sees Asia as the biggest market for its gas in the long term. Shipments to China from Yamal should take about 18 days using the Northern Sea route.
That journey would take vessels east through the Arctic Ocean, down through the Bering strait that separates Russia from Alaska, and into the Pacific.
By contrast the alternative route involves heading west into the North Atlantic, south into the Mediterranean, and then through the Suez Canal into the Indian Ocean. That would typically take about 32 days.
The tanker arrived at Sabetta earlier this week, after departing South Korea in November and sailing around Africa into the Atlantic, according to Reuters data.
The aim of the voyage was to prove the port can receive a tanker of that class. Other LNG tankers have already sailed via the Northern Sea route from Scandinavia to the Pacific.
ARCTIC PUSH
The Arctic's energy resources offer huge promise for Russia, heavily dependent on oil and gas exports. Many of its Siberian fields are growing old, forcing it to look to more remote areas for new reserves.
Its push into the Arctic -- accompanied by a military build-up -- has alarmed the West. U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis has described Moscow's Arctic moves as "aggressive steps".
Putin said projects such as the Northern Sea route would allow Russia to become the world's largest LNG producer.
Qatar is currently the world's top LNG producer, followed by Australia, Nigeria, and Trinidad and Tobago.
After the Yamal plant reaches its full capacity, combined with the existing Sakhalin-2 LNG plant in the Pacific, Russia will produce almost 27 million tonnes of LNG annually, equal to the amount imported by China per year.
Novatek is studying whether to build another LNG plant, Arctic LNG-2, with capacity comparable to Yamal or higher and first production in around 2023.
ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERNS
Putin said Russia's energy projects in the Arctic were guided by the principle that they should do no harm.
The Christophe de Margerie, built by South Korea's Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (DSME), belongs to a class of vessel which, ship designers say, can safely operate in icy waters.
Ice-class tankers usually have double hulls, strengthened structures to withstand battering from the ice, and reinforced propellers. The Christophe de Margerie is capable of moving through ice as thick as 2.1 metres.
The ship will only be able to navigate the northern route from July to September each year, because the ice is too thick at other times, according to Sovcomflot, the Russian state shipping firm that owns the vessel.
A total of 15 gas tankers will be built for the Yamal project by Daewoo.
Environmentalists say too little is known about the impact of the new route on the Arctic's ecology.
Alexei Knizhnikov, Russian oil and gas environmental policy officer for international campaign group WWF, said measures were needed to mitigate the risk of heavy oil from the ship's engines leaking into the sea.
He said ships could disturb wildlife such as walruses and whales. (Additional reporting by Oksana Kobzeva and Denis Pinchuk in ARKHANGELSK, Gleb Stolyarov in MOSCOW; Writing by Katya Golubkova; Editing by Christian Lowe)
Thousands of Sydneysiders got out of bed early this morning to commemorate Anzac Day dawn services across the state.
Police presence was high for what will be the final dawn service in a five-year commemoration of the centenary of Anzac - 100 years since the First World War.
Follow our live coverage below.
In many ways, being a world famous musician is a job just like any other — and sometimes these superstars like to bring their offspring along to the studio for a little “Take Your Kids to Work Day” action. Over the years, artists like Beyoncé, Eminem, Will Smith and Stevie Wonder have collaborated with their little ones on record, creating some of the most touching moments in the pop music canon.
Justin Timberlake has joined their ranks on his new album, Man of the Woods (out now), which features his 2½-year-old son Silas on the track “Young Man,” adorably intoning “Da-da” and “I love you.”
REALTED VIDEO: Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel's Son Is Adorable
Read on for our favorite kid-parent duets in recent memory.
“Just the Two of Us,” by Will Smith featuring Trey Smith (1997)
Smith's debut solo album, Big Willie Style, features a rendition of the 1981 hit by Grover Washington Jr. and Bill Withers. Instead of a romantic love song, the multi-talented star reimagined “Just the Two of Us” as an ode to his young son, Trey, who can be heard at the start of the track playfully chiding, “Now, dad, this is a very sensitive subject.” The tear-jerking video features Smith and Trey, along with other famous fathers including Muhammad Ali, Keenen Wayans and Magic Johnson.
“Blue” by Beyoncé featuring Blue Ivy Carter (2013)
Barely a year after giving birth in January 2012, Queen Bey sang her love for baby girl Blue Ivy on a delicate piano ballad included on her self-titled “surprise” album. Simply titled “Blue,” the titular child can be heard murmuring on the fadeout, offering what sounds like the infant equivalent of the song's chorus, “Hold on to me.”
“Blue's Freestyle/We Family” by JAY-Z featuring Blue Ivy Carter (2017)
Four years later, dad JAY-Z included their daughter freestyling — “Boom shakalaka, boom shakalaka” — on a 4:44 bonus track. He even made her an adorable accompanying animated video for her sixth birthday. Blue has been featured heavily in her father's work, and most recently appeared in his “Family Feud” music video, along with her mother and several other A-list stars.
“Isn't She Lovely” by Stevie Wonder featuring Aisha Morris (1976)
Wonder's double-disc masterwork Songs in the Key of Life include this paean to his daughter, who coos over the intro. The extended fade of the album version features the sound of Aisha, his first child with then-wife Yolanda Simmons, splashing in the bathtub.
“My Dad's Gone Crazy” by Eminem featuring Hailie Scott Mathers (2002)
Who said these all have to be cute? In a 2004 interview with Rolling Stone, Eminem revealed that his daughter came up with the song's infectious hook (and title) herself during a visit to the recording studio. “Me and [Dr.] Dre were working together, and Hailie was running around the studio and she was like, ‘Somebody please help me! I think my dad's gone crazy!' Instantly that locked in with a beat we'd made the day before. I had her go in the booth and say it. When she opens up, she's just like her dad in a lot of aspects. I just told her what to say and she nailed it, the first take.”
“Young Man” by Justin Timberlake featuring Silas Timberlake (2018)
“The top of the song was one of the first handful of times I caught him saying ‘Da-da,'” Timberlake explained to Zane Lowe on his Beats 1 show late last month. “It was really incredible. Then at the end of the record, it's a video that my wife [Jessica Biel] recorded of him. They were singing ‘Happy Birthday' to me because I was working on my birthday at the studio, and at the end he just says, ‘I love you.'”
Added the singer, “I always knew I wanted to write a song for him, but I didn't know it was going to be a song to him. This was just my love letter to him that I felt like he can have as a time capsule.”
Despite Silas' appearance on Man of the Woods, Timberlake insists that his son is not ready to take on major league pop stardom — yet. “Right now we're working on our manners,” he joked at a press conference in Minnesota for Super Bowl LII on Thursday. “That's big deal in our house. One thing at a time!” Though he says he fully supports any move he might make into the arts or sports, Timberlake says he's not picky. “My main objective is he become a great person.”
Scroll for more content...
As Maame Biney laces up her skates for one of her last practices before heading to the Winter Olympics, her mind drifts to her upcoming 18th birthday -- and the prospect of her first cell phone.
"Dad says he's going to get me one," she says, her permagrin on full display.
Rocking a jacket from the World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships in Austria, where his daughter snared bronze in the 500-meter, Kweku Biney leans against the protective padding surrounding the rink. Montell Jordan plays over the loudspeakers.
A single father, Kweku Biney has long been there for his daughter -- from the time she landed at Dulles after leaving her native Ghana at age 5 till now, as she makes final preparations for the PyeongChang Games. On February 10, when she becomes the first African-American woman to represent the United States in Olympic speed skating, he'll be there, too.
"Right, daddy?" Maame asks, fixed on the phone.
"Somehow," he says, his voice barely audible over the drone of a Zamboni polishing the long track at the Utah Olympic Oval.
Maame -- pronounced "MAH-may" -- spins toward her fellow skaters, which include three-fifths of the men's Olympic short-track team. "You all just heard that!"
They needle their teammate. Heard what? They didn't hear anything. She tries to pull a reporter into her camp. Surely, someone heard it!
Kweku Biney's smile widens.
"Did I say that? No one heard it," he says, laughing.
As Maame continues her preparations, strapping on her helmet and an "E.T." glove with carbon-fiber bulbs at the tips of each finger, her father confides in the reporter.
"Phones get them in trouble, but she's mature," he says. "Eighteen, you know?"
'A Maame laugh ... settles everyone down'
With power that belies her youth, Maame is America's best hope for a medal in the 500 meters. She also qualified for the 1,500, but her specialty is the shorter race. Maame jumps off the line like a sprinter, scrambling for the critical inside position. The E.T. glove gives her just enough leverage to glide through the turns, her shoulder maybe 2 feet from the ground.
It doesn't take long to finish four-and-a-half laps of 111.111 meters each. If you're watching, go to the bathroom at your own risk.
Coach Anthony Barthell, who's known Maame since she was 11, said she was a "powerful little girl," oozing natural talent. Taller and stronger than her peers, she's like no one he's ever coached, he said, but she still has plenty of work to do on her technique -- that "push" skaters used to propel themselves to speeds of around 30 mph.
At trials in December, she won the finals by more than a half second, an eternity in speed skating. Her time of 43.161 is just over eight-tenths of a second off the world record set by British skater Elise Christie in 2016. At 18, Maame has ample time to close that gap. She beat her own personal best five or six times last year alone, Barthell said.
She has "maybe one or two more Olympics in her, possibly three," the coach told CNN.
Yet Maame's greatest contribution to Team USA isn't necessarily her athleticism. It may be her smile. We're not talking some impish simper, oh no. We're talking a toothy, 1,000-watt grin that blooms across most of her lower face.
Her positivity is boundless. Late last year, a Belgian skater's 17½-inch blade snapped, flew into her face and ripped into her lip and chin, requiring stitches. But Maame didn't dwell on that. She took to Instagram. "Who won? You guys should see the blade," she posted.
"I love having people smile and laugh because if you're smiling and laughing, then that means you're happy, and being happy ... is the best present you can ever give to anyone every single day, so I love doing that," she told CNN, a faint white battle scar on her chin.
Her hearty belly laugh, which resonates throughout the cavernous Olympic Oval, even over the Zamboni, plays into Barthell's practices.
"A Maame laugh, that just settles everyone down," he said after a recent practice. "If I see that she's tired and the morale's starting to go down -- the team, the chemistry's just a little low, the atmosphere's a little low for me -- I'll go up and crack a joke because I know it could be a horrible joke, but she's going to be the one that laughs and everyone else starts recovering a little easier."
Her demeanor hasn't changed much since she was an 11-year-old, said Barthell, who was named the US short track coach in 2016.
"I just remember her sitting there smiling and laughing and whenever I went to shake her hand, she just busted out laughing. That was my first impression of her, that she's just a happy-go-lucky kid, and she's still the same," he said. "If she's having a bad day, you can't really tell."
Maame said that at her high school in Reston, Virginia, where she calls home, she was known for "getting in trouble for laughing a lot." She said this while giggling.
That's been less of an issue her senior year. Since summer, she's been living with a host family while training for the 500 and 1,500 in Kearns, Utah, at a speed skating facility built for the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics. Though her father asked her to take a hiatus from school for the Olympics, she insisted on graduating with her friends.
She attends English and history classes, the final credits she needs for graduation, via videoconference. At competitions, she watches recordings of the classes. She does homework between training sessions and regularly emails her teachers at South Lakes High School.
"She's an A and B student. If she studies hard, she can make all As, but practice..." her father said, nodding toward the ice rink. "She's got to be a kid, too, sometimes, so I give her a pass."
From Accra to Reston
To say Maame's path to speed skating excellence was circuitous or unlikely is to sell it short.
Kweku Biney, 59, left Accra, Ghana, in the 1980s, hitchhiking north through the Sahara Desert and eventually landing in Alicante, Spain -- almost 2,300 miles away as the crow flies.
He bopped around Europe for a while -- to Sweden, Denmark, Norway and France -- before flying to the States in 1984 and settling in Hyattsville, Maryland.
Now separated, Kweku had two kids with his wife: Maame and her little brother, Nana Kojo, 15, who still lives in Accra. Maame visited her dad for the first time in 2005. It didn't begin well.
As Kweku drove her from the airport to his home in Wheaton, Maryland, Maame began bawling. She wanted to go home.
He explained that she couldn't just get back on the plane: "I have to make certain things happen before you can do that."
She stopped crying and Kweku continued driving, only to stop 3 miles down the road to console her again. Then again on the Beltway. And again at home. He decided not to get out of the car and instead drove her to Wheaton Plaza Mall (now Westfield Wheaton).
"The first store we went into was JCPenney. This girl saw how big the store is. She was just running all over. 'Daddy, I like this one. No, no, daddy, I don't like this one. I like that thing over there,'" he recounted. "I just folded my arms, stood up and just watched her just run back and forth. She got tired and I just went and bought her a few things. She stopped crying, and that was it.
"The following day, this girl told me, 'Daddy, I'm not going back to Ghana.'"
Kweku Biney was making the commute to a government healthcare contractor in Reston, the same company that employs him today. He and Maame moved into a coworkers' basement to be closer to work and school, before finding an apartment in town.
'Let her go try speed skating'
About three months after Maame's introduction to an American mall, Kweku was driving near SkateQuest in Reston, where he saw a sign: "Learn to skate."
"Maame, do you want to try this?"
"What's that, daddy?"
"You know, just glide on the ice, move on the ice."
Maame responded with a blank look. Kweku didn't know much about skating, either. Soccer had always been his sport. But his daughter gave her dad a simple answer: "Yes."
"I don't think she really understood what I'm saying because she had never seen ice before," Kweku said. "I was really scared because I thought she was going to fall and then break her head open because where we are from, there's no ice. The only thing icy there is the cold beer."
Maame instantly fell in love with skating and "did it with ease," Kweku said. It wasn't long before an instructor told Kweku that Maame wasn't cut out for figure skating. She was too fast.
"Just let her go try speed skating," the instructor said.
The switch meant years of getting up before dawn on Saturdays. Kweku didn't appreciate his daughter's dedication to the sport until that third Saturday. He was bushed and didn't want to get up.
"She was 5 years old. She said, 'Daddy, it's Saturday morning. We have to go!' and I was like, 'Oh man, I thought she was going to be sleeping.' She wasn't. She woke me up. And then we went, and I said, 'OK.' I didn't miss any time anymore," the proud papa said. "She's been running away with this thing ever since."
There were times Kweku went hungry to make sure she ate. Pricey skates, lessons and equipment meant he was never able to put away much in savings.
"I came to America with nothing, so when I die, I'm not going to take anything with me, so hey, just spend it on her," he said.
Kweku thanks God for guiding him past that SkateQuest sign in 2005, and he thanks the United States for making Maame's story possible.
"Only in America, nowhere else," he said.
Asked how he feels about the political climate surrounding immigration, considering his immigrant daughter is set to proudly wear the red, white and blue in PyeongChang, he bristled. He doesn't want Maame to be a pawn in anyone's politics. They both love America. That's all you need to know.
"I told her to never get into politics. It's a dirty business," he said. "Sports, school, God -- that's it. No politics."
'Just normal Maame'
Ask Maame about her aspirations and, as nonchalantly as some high schoolers might speak of being a doctor one day, she'll say she wants to be a chemical engineer, world speed skating champion and Olympic gold medalist. No big deal.
"I really have an interest in making things explode, and I guess my dad, he told me a few years ago that he was into chemistry when he was a little kid, so I guess chemistry runs in the family," she said.
When she takes the ice later this month, she'll not only set precedent for African-American women, but she'll be one of only four foreign-born US Olympians, the second-ever African-born US Olympian and the second African-American speedskater on a US Olympics team. Her pal, Shani Davis, who's competing in his fifth Winter Olympics, was the first.
"It's a huge thing," she said, but she isn't hung up on the racial aspect of her accomplishments.
"I have friends who accept me and who don't think of me as being an African-American," she said. "They just think of me as being normal Maame or being human."
To any youngsters her achievements might inspire, no matter their race, she has a message: "Go out there, find an ice arena or ice rink, and just skate and try it out. ... You never know. You could be the next Olympian, which is an awesome thing to be."
'It was a graceful fall'
Maame realizes she wouldn't be among the world's fastest speed skaters without her dad. She speaks to her mother in Ghana about once a week, but Kweku plays both roles here at home. It can be tough, especially at her age, she said.
"I like guys, and my dad, I'm always going to be his little girl, and I think it's a really awkward situation when you're like, 'Hey daddy, I like this guy. What do you think and stuff?' It's really hard to talk to him about it because he's like," she breaks into her best Kweku impression. "'No, you're going to get married when you're 50 years old.' All right, dad. OK. I see how it is."
But Kweku isn't one of these win-at-all-costs fathers. He wants only what's best for her and would prefer she worries about guys when she's done with school and skating, she said.
The day before she won the 500 at the Olympic trials, Maame had what she felt was a poor run in the 1,500. Where others might rejoice at finishing third and qualifying for an Olympic event, Maame has a tendency to get down on herself and worry that people won't like her unless she skates well, she said.
Kweku knew what to say.
"No matter what happens tomorrow, whether you get last or whether you get first, just know that I love you not because you're a speed skater but because you're Maame and you're my daughter," he told her.
She went on to win the trials before falling onto her rump while pumping her fists in celebration.
"It was a graceful fall," her dad said, beaming.
Biney giddily recounted the moment. "I was like, 'I made the team. Holy cow, I made the team! (Squeal!)' And then I cheered so hard that I fell."
The graceful tumble and her post-race interview charmed everyone who saw them. Despite her maturity and speed, it felt like she might never relinquish her youth.
On the Wednesday before leaving for PyeongChang, Maame attended a short practice before hitting the stationary bike. It was a recovery day, and she was looking forward to some rare downtime. Kweku reminded her she had dinner plans with her host family that evening. She has no driver's license, so he made sure she had transportation lined up.
She was headed to Park City to see a friend, she told him. Both of their birthdays are coming up, so they'd agreed to pay for each other's ticket, she said, laughing at the absurdity of it. They'll grab grab a bubble tea -- taro with vanilla for Maame -- before catching the 4 o'clock showing of "Jumanji."
Typical afternoon for a couple of kids.
ZURICH, April 28 EFG International AG saw net outflows of 3.5 billion Swiss francs ($3.52 billion) in the first quarter of 2017, mainly from the scandal-hit BSI business it purchased last year, the Swiss private bank said on Friday.
"Supported by the stabilizing effect of the legal integration in Switzerland, trends continued to improve in April and remained in line with the net asset attrition assumption of approximately 10 billion francs by 2019," Zurich-based EFG said in a statement.
"Revenue-generating Assets under Management as of end-March 2017 were 140.6 billion francs compared with 144.5 billion francs at end-2016," it added.
($1 = 0.9941 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Joshua Franklin; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
MASON Cox has had his fair share of “sink or swim” moments since arriving at Collingwood at the end of 2014.
But none more so than his first training drill with Nathan Buckley.
The 211 centimetre American was attempting to handball to his coach, but it didn't go as planned.
“I handballed it back to him and it went about two metres over his head and five metres back,” Cox said on Fox Footy's On The Mark.
“He just gave me this look — I'll never forget it. It was like, ‘What the hell have we just recruited?'
“That was my first experience of being thrown in the deep end.”
While the 27-year-old and Buckley took a while to warm to one another, the pair now share a relationship built on mutual respect and trust.
Cox's ability to contribute to the club week-to-week has been central to this.
And Buckley's willingness to back in the lanky Texan, even after his Round 1 suspension, has only enhanced the relationship between player and coach.
Camera Icon Mason Cox. Photo: AAP Image/Julian Smith Picture: AAP
“It was weird the first time I met him. I didn't really know who he was,” Cox said.
“But we've become a lot closer in the past few years. We have a handshake now before games. He has accepted me and I've accepted him.
“We come from very different backgrounds. His whole life has been footy and obviously I haven't had too much footy. We've connected over life experiences outside of football.
“It's kind of got to the point now where he just trusts me to go out there and play my role. I appreciate that.”
Cox has kicked 13 goals from 13 matches in 2018, with his five-goal haul against Melbourne in Round 12 his defining performance.
A back up ruckman for Brodie Grundy, Cox has found his groove in his fourth season at the powerhouse club.
But he admits his journey hasn't always been easy, recalling an “embarrassing” moment he had at training in the infancy of his AFL career.
Craig McRae had been encharged with the responsibility of personally coaching Cox through the basics of AFL — but there was one area they hadn't covered.
“At training I took a mark and there was no one in front of me so I just took off,” Cox said.
“I ran about 50 metres and tried to kick for goal, when everybody just stopped and started laughing.
“I was like, ‘What's going on? What are you all doing?' They said, ‘You know you have to bounce the ball?'.
“And Craig goes, ‘We haven't got to that yet'.”
Mason Cox is the guest on tonight's On The Mark. You can watch the episode on Fox Footy at 8.30pm.
May 2 China Hkbridge Holdings Ltd
* On 28 April, co through thriving season, its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into agreement with crown international
* Purchaser agreed to acquire from crown international corp the acquisition shares at a consideration of hk$1.10 per CIC share
* Total consideration for acquisition would be HK$220 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Russian aircraft attacked Daesh positions in the Dayr Kak region located in the vicinity of the Daesh-held city of al-Bab, the Daily Sabah newspaper reported citing Turkish military officials.
The newspaper added that the activities of Turkey's aircraft and artillery in northern Syria near al-Bab had killed 22 Daesh jihadists.
On August 24, Turkish forces, backed by US-led coalition aircraft, began a military operation dubbed the Euphrates Shield to clear the Syrian border town of Jarabulus and the surrounding area of Daesh, outlawed in Russia and many other countries. As Jarabulus was retaken, the offensive continued southwest.
The operation has been widely criticized by both the Syrian Kurds and the country's legitimate government, who have accused Turkey of violating Syria's territorial integrity.
April 3 Poet Technologies Inc
* Poet Technologies reports full year 2016 financial results
* Preliminary financial results for Q1 of 2017 are expected to reflect a sequential improvement in revenue
* Poet Technologies Inc - initial commercial revenue contribution from new denselight sensing products is also anticipated in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Moscow notes with concern and alarm continuing attempts by some countries to distort the situation around the recent incident in Syria's Khan Shaykhun, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said Tuesday.
"The Russian side with concern and alarm notes continuing attempts by some countries to deliberately distort the situation surrounding the incident in Khan Shaykhun on April 4, to in essence dictate the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) their hasty but very far-reaching conclusions," Ryabkov said.
"And this is done more and more often in an unacceptably… provocative manner," he said.
On April 4, a chemical weapons incident in Syria's Idlib province claimed the lives of some 80 people and inflicted harm on an additional 200 civilians. The Syrian National Coalition of Revolutionary and Opposition Forces, as well as a number of Western states, accused the Syrian government troops of carrying out the attack, while Damascus refuted these allegations, with a Syrian army source telling Sputnik that the army did not possess chemical weapons.
The Russian Defense Ministry said on April 5 that the airstrike near Khan Shaykhun by the Syrian air force hit a terrorist warehouse that stored chemical weapons slated for delivery to Iraq, and called on the UN Security Council to launch a proper investigation into the incident.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said April 6 that groundless accusations in the chemical weapons incident in Syria's Idlib were unacceptable before the investigation into the matter had been carried out.
However, the incident was used as pretext for a US missile strike against the Ash Sha'irat airbase carried out late on April 6. US President Donald Trump characterized the strike as a response to the alleged use of chemical weapons by the Syrian government troops while Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said it was a violation of the international law. Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei described the US missile strike against the Syrian airfield as a strategic mistake.
April 12
In an exclusive interview with Fox Business on, US President Donald Trump blamed the current situation in Syria on Moscow's support for country's Assad, calling the Syrian leader "an animal."
Earlier this year, Syrian President Bashar Assad said that the country's government had never used weapons of mass destruction, including chemical weapons, against the Syrian people. Besides, under a Russian-US deal after the east Ghouta sarin gas incident in 2013, Damascus joined the Convention on the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and agreed to destroy its stockpile under Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) oversight. In January 2016, the OPCW announced that all chemical weapons in Syria had been destroyed.
May 3 Schaffner Holding AG:
* Has appointed Marc Aeschlimann CEO of the Schaffner Group
* He will take up this position on 1 Nov. 2017 at the latest.
* Until Marc Aeschlimann takes over operational management of the Schaffner Group, Kurt Ledermann, CFO and interim CEO, will ensure the continuity of Group management.
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
'We performed our mandate to the best of our abilities, with integrity and competence, despite the heavy burden of undertaking genuine reform,' says Presidential Commission on the Urban Poor chair Terry Ridon
Published 1:46 PM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Presidential Commission on the Urban Poor Chairman Terry Ridon said that he and his fellow PCUP officials have served "with integrity and competence," after Malacañang announced that they would be sacked for alleged irregularities.
Ridon issued the statement on Tuesday, December 12, shortly after Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque announced that President Rodrigo Duterte would fire all PCUP commissioners as part of the Chief Executive's bid to rid government of "corrupt" officials.
"We performed our mandate to the best of our abilities, with integrity and competence, despite the heavy burden of undertaking genuine reform," said Ridon, who only learned about the President's decision from Roque.
On behalf of the PCUP commissioners, Ridon thanked the President for the "opportunity to serve the nation." The other commissioners are Melissa Aradanas, Manuel Serra Jr, Noe Indonto, and Joan Lagunda.
Ridon also said that during their watch, the PCUP delivered on the promise of not demolishing informal settler communities without relocation.
“The public record of the agency can speak for itself: we had implemented with full integrity the presidential promise of no demolition without relocation,” Ridon said in a text message sent to Rappler.
“We had represented government and given voice to the urban poor in international conferences on public housing, poverty alleviation and climate change, which was unprecedented in any administration,” he added.
The PCUP was established through the late President Corazon Aquino's Executive Order 82 issued in December 1986. The PCUP is mandated to formulate policies and implement programs specific to the issued of the urban poor. – Rappler.com
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
FALL RIVER, Mass. (WLNE) — Crews spent several hours Friday afternoon and evening working to knock down a large fire in a local hardware store.
Firefighters were called to Flint Hardware on Pleasant Street just before 4PM.
After making an initial entry, firefighters discovered there were flames in the ceiling. Those flames then broke through the roof, which resulted in a partial collapse of the roof in the area of a heating unit.
One firefighter received minor injuries in this collapse, and was taken to the hospital.
As a result, the chief called everyone out of the building, and crews began to fight the flames from the exterior.
Cold, icy conditions and wind made battling the fire a challenge--with crews calling in salt and sand trucks to keep roadways from icing over.
Crews also had to contend with an array of combustible chemicals inside the store, including propane.
Firefighters were able to protect two houses adjacent to the hardware store, though there was smoke and heat damage to these homes.
Both of those homes were evacuated, and one behind the store.
Investigators are on scene Friday night trying to determine the cause of the fire.
Police have shut down several blocks to traffic as crews remain on scene.
Smoke just pouring from Flint Hardware Store here in Fall River ... Police keeping people multiple blocks back to give emergency crews room to fight the flames @ABC6 pic.twitter.com/YonariiCXZ — Ross Perry (@RossTPerry) February 2, 2018
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2018
Enter to win an Epson Ecotank Printer! Imagine, up to two years of totally cartridge-free printing. Epson's EcoTank 4550 multi-function printer comes with enough ink in the box to print for up to two years, that's up to 8,000 pages, totally cartridge free. EcoTank has a revolutionary, refillable “Supertank”.
When you open the EcoTank box, you'll find that it comes with enough ink to print for up to two years . That's the equivalent of about 50 cartridge sets!
Men walk toward the Bank of Japan (BOJ) building in Tokyo, Japan, September 21, 2016. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
TOKYO Japanese manufacturers' business outlook likely improved for a second straight quarter in March to its strongest since mid-2015, a Reuters poll found on Friday, buoyed by a weak yen and a pickup in exports.
The Bank of Japan's quarterly tankan business sentiment survey will likely show the headline index for big manufacturers' sentiment improved by four points to plus 14 in March from plus 10 in December, the poll of 19 economists found.
It would be the highest reading since the June 2015 survey when the index of big manufacturers' mood was at plus 15.
The poll found the sentiment index for big non-manufacturers would likely rise to plus 20 from plus 18 three months ago, improving for the first time in six quarters and hitting its highest level since March 2016 when it stood at plus 22.
But the outlook of both manufacturers' and non-manufacturers will likely worsen slightly in the short term as uncertainty over the Trump administration's trade policies and an unstable political situation in Europe invite companies to be cautious.
"We expect big manufacturers' mood improved broadly, helped by export recovery and continued yen weakness," said Tsuyoshi Ueno, senior economist at NLI Research Institute.
"But the situation is extremely fluid, such as the prospects for President Trump's policy management and political risks in Europe."
Ueno added that prices were expected to rise in coming months, which would likely raise firms' worries about negative effects on consumers.
The poll found the sentiment of big manufacturers will worsen to plus 13 in the coming three months and that of non-manufacturers will deteriorate to plus 18.
Big corporations were seen trimming their capital spending plans by 0.1 percent for the coming fiscal year from April, according to the poll.
"We expect firms' capital spending plan will be upgraded steadily later due to their ample cash flow on favorable profits," said Hideaki Kikuchi, an economist at Japan Research Institute.
"In addition, there is solid demand for investment to renew aging facilities and increase efficiency."
The BOJ will release the tankan quarterly sentiment survey at 8:50 a.m. on April 3 (2350 GMT on April 2).
A separate Reuters' monthly poll, which tracks the BOJ's quarterly tankan, showed last week that confidence among Japanese manufacturers rose for a seventh straight month in March to a three-year high, while the service sector's mood was steady.
(Reporting by Kaori Kaneko; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Concerts continue to flood the Queen Mary this summer with yet another festival coming to the park around the ship, and this one is bringing the passionate sounds of modern regional Mexican music to Long Beach.
Tickets are on sale for the Smoke Me Out y Los Reyes Del Corrido festival set for Aug. 18.
The festival will feature many young up-and-coming bands playing various genres of regional Mexican music, including soaring rancheras, popping norteño tunes and banda music. But the event will focus on passionate corridos, the storytelling songs, and judging by the pot leaf design in the poster for the fest, expect plenty to reference marijuana.
San Diego-born singer Roberto Tapia, who blends banda, norteño and hip-hop, is among the dozen and a half artist on the lineup.
Sign up for our Festival Pass newsletter . Whether you are a Coachella lifer or prefer to watch from afar, get weekly dispatches during the Southern California music festival season. Subscribe here
He's joined by Sinaloan trio Los Hijos de Barron, which brings a guitar-driven sound to rancheras as well as Orange County-based norteño group Legado 7, which is known for corridos about marijuana. Also on the bill is Arsenal Efectivo, which performs a style the members have termed “trap corridos,” which landed the group on Pandora's “Artists to Watch in 2018.”
Other artists on the bill include El De La Guitarra, Los Alegres Del Barranco, Régulo Caro, Christian Felix and Maximo Grado, Los Hijos De Garcia, Omar Ruiz, Cornelio Vega & Su Dinastia, Enigma Norteño, Noel Torres, Fuerza Regida and Adriel Favela.
Smoke Me Out is the latest in a series of festivals that are turning the Queen Mary into one hot ship.
So far this year the venue has hosted the One Love Cali Reggae Fest in February, the sold out Smoker's Club Festival, which celebrated hip-hop culture and marijuana in April, the R&B heavy Smoking Grooves in June and on July 7 Snoop Dogg and Warren G return to Long Beach for the Summertime in the LBC show. That's followed on Aug.12 by Alt 98.7's Summer Camp music festival headlined by Death Cab for Cutie.
It's all happened after a partnership with concert organizer Goldenvoice was announced late last year to put on more festivals at the ship.
Smoke Me Out y Reyes Del Corrido
When: 11 a.m.. Aug.18
Where: Queen Mary, 1126 Queens Highway, Long Beach
Tickets: $60-$150 for general admission, $150-$200 for VIP
Information: www.smokemeoutfest.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON | The Trump administration is finalizing the details of a set of immigration principles that could upend efforts to come up with a permanent fix for the status of young immigrants who came to the country illegally as children.
The principles, according to people familiar with ongoing discussions, were expected to include elements of proposed legislation that would dramatically reduce legal immigration rates. Also to be pursued was an overhaul of the green card system to prevent extended family members, including siblings and adult children, from joining permanent residents in the U.S.
The White House was expected to endorse principles of the Davis-Oliver bill, which aims to give local law enforcement officials the power to enforce immigration laws and allow states to write their own immigration legislation. The White House was also expected to call for billions of dollars in funding for border security, more immigrant detention beds and immigration judges.
It remained unclear whether the principles, which were expected to be announced in the coming days, would serve as a broad immigration wish-list or specific demands the White House expected in exchange for signing legislation for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA.
Under a phase-out plan announced last month by President Donald Trump, more than 150,000 young people covered by DACA, often known as “Dreamers,” whose permits were set to expire before March 5 were given the chance to submit renewals — provided they arrived by midnight Thursday.
Trump gave Congress six months to come up with a legislative replacement for the program. It shielded from deportation hundreds of thousands of young people, many of whom were brought into the U.S. illegally as children, and allowed them to work legally in the country.
While final numbers won't be available until next week, DHS spokesman David Lapan said that about 118,000 of the roughly 154,000 people eligible for renewals had submitted their applications by mid-day Thursday. That left 36,000 — or about 23 percent of those eligible — outstanding. Facilities processing applications were prepared to accept courier deliveries until midnight, he said.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders declined to discuss specifics of the immigration principles Thursday. Last month she said the list would likely include demanding an end to so-called sanctuary cities that refuse to share information with federal immigration authorities, funding for more immigration judges, and “supporting things like the RAISE Act” limiting legal immigration.
But Ali Noorani, the executive director of the immigration advocacy group National Immigration Forum, said that, if those expectations held true, there was little chance for a DACA deal.
“If the president winds up tying these elements to the DREAM Act,” he said, Trump would wind up responsible “for deporting 800,000 young people, which pretty much nobody wants except Stephen Miller,” Trump's hard-line senior policy adviser, who was working on the principles.
Immigration advocates spent weeks trying to publicize Thursday's DACA deadline. Earlier this week, dozens of DACA recipients traveled to Washington to try to pressure members of Congress to vote on the Dream Act, which would provide an eventual path to citizenship.
Sen. David Perdue, R-Ga., one of the authors of the RAISE Act, said, “Democrats really want a fix on DACA, and we really want a fix on the immigration system.”
“This is a landmark opportunity to fix the DACA problem and once and for all fix the vagaries of this immigration system that really doesn't work,” he said.
But Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., who has introduced his own immigration legislation, said it was unlikely the Senate would accept a proposal slashing legal immigration, noting that any DACA legislation will have to attract Democratic support.
“With the deadline we have with DACA, I think it's unrealistic to think we can do broader immigration reform like that,” he said. “I don't see that happening.”
___
AP Congressional Correspondent Erica Werner contributed to this report.
March 29 Lennar Corp:
* GAMCO Asset Management Inc reports 6.01 percent stake in Lennar Corp as on March 28, 2017
* GAMCO-To vote for maintaining lennar's existing voting structure,will vote "against" proposal requesting all of co's outstanding stock have one-vote/share
* GAMCO - may also discuss with Lennar Corp other alternatives to eliminate discount between co's class B and class A shares
* GAMCO- Plans to have conversations with Lennar,class B stockholders for proposal to provide class B stockholders with right to convert shares into class A shares Source text:(bit.ly/2mP9emQ) Further company coverage:
Wang Weihua, permanent representative of the office, disclosed that the embassy will bebuilt in Panama City. Wang's remarks came soon after China and Panama signed a jointcommuniqué on the establishment of diplomatic relations on June 13. More staff will berecruited and a new location will be scouted to build a more permanent embassy, Wangsaid. The Office of China-Panama Trade Development is located in an office building.
The resumption of diplomatic ties will bring about positive changes in terms of visaapplications, investment and maritime cooperation, benefiting Chinese people andenterprises, Wang said. Cooperation and exchange under the framework of the UN willflourish as well, he added.
Copper Nitrate Market: Overview
Copper nitrates with chemical formula Cu(NO3)2 not to be confused with cuprous nitrate with chemical formula CuNO3) is an inorganic compound that exists in blue crystalline solid form. It is soluble in ethanol, ammonia, and water. Copper nitrate is insoluble in ethyl acetate. It is synthesized by either direct reaction between copper and nitric acid or dissolving copper carbonate in nitric acid.
Copper nitrate is employed in various applications. It is primarily used in synthesis of copper oxide, which is further employed in many organic synthesis processes as catalyst.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/copper-nitrate-market.html
When combined with acetic anhydride, copper nitrate works as an active reagent for nitration of aromatic compounds. Mixing copper with nitric acid is one of the synthesis methods of copper nitrate. Thus, it also acts as a source for nitric acid by reversing the reaction by providing heat. Copper nitrate is heated until it decomposes, and the fumes are then passed directly into water to generate nitric acid.
Copper nitration solution is used as polishing agent for other metals. It is also used as dye in the textile industry. It is also used in firework displays; however, its usage in pyrotechnics is limited. Copper nitrate is also commonly employed in laboratories in schools and colleges in the demonstration of chemical voltaic cell reactions.
Copper Nitrate Market Trends
Hydration of the anhydrous material or treatment of copper metal with an aqueous solution of silver nitrate or concentrated nitric acid can lead to the formation of hydrated copper nitrate. Copper metal when treated with N2O4results in the formation of anhydrous Cu(NO3)2.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=19790
Copper nitrate occurs in the anhydrous form as well as in the following five hydrated forms: monohydrate (Cu(NO3)2·H2O), sesquihydrate (Cu(NO3)2·1.5H2O), hemipentahydrate (Cu(NO3)2·2.5H2O), trihydrate (Cu(NO3)2·3H2O), and hexahydrate (Cu(H2O)6](NO3)2). Among these, trihydrate and hexahydrate are the common forms of hydrated copper nitrate.
Copper nitrate is primarily employed as reagent in the synthesis of copper oxide, which is further used in the ceramic industry as blue, green, or red, or sometimes pink, black, or gray pigments in glasses, enamels, and glazes.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO -- A witness testified Wednesday that he felt like he was watching a movie stunt when he saw a pickup truck driven by an allegedly intoxicated Navy man fly over a guardrail on a transition ramp to the San Diego-Coronado Bay Bridge and onto a kiosk below in Chicano Park, killing four people and injuring eight others.
Carlos Ulloa took the witness stand as a preliminary hearing got underway for 25-year-old Richard Sepolio, who is charged with gross vehicular manslaughter while intoxicated and DUI and faces nearly 24 years in prison if convicted.
Annamarie Contreras, 50, and Cruz Contreras, 52, a married couple from Chandler, Arizona, and Hacienda Heights residents Andre Banks, 49, and Francine Jimenez, 46, were killed in the accident last Oct. 15.
Ulloa, who lives near Chicano Park, said he was checking out an event at the park about 3:30 p.m. when he heard screeching tires and saw the defendant's truck flying over the guardrail.
"When this thing flew, it was like out of a movie," Ulloa said. "It flew like Superman over a kiosk."
Ulloa estimated 300 to 500 people were in the park at the time.
He said he ran over to the smashed pickup -- which landed on its wheels - - and just shook his head at the man in the driver's seat. Ulloa said the defendant looked disoriented and his eyes looked red.
A friend and Navy colleague of Sepolio's, Stephanie Ruiz, said she took the defendant to brunch earlier that day because he had done her a favor.
Ruiz said Sepolio had one beer and a glass of wine at a restaurant, then the two had an Uber driver take them back to her home. She said the defendant stayed at her place for about an hour, then drove off.
Ruiz told defense attorney Paul Pfingst that Sepolio didn't appear to be intoxicated when he left her house.
California Highway Patrol Officer Juan Jimenez, who arrested Sepolio at a hospital, testified that he smelled an odor of alcohol coming from the defendant's breath and observed that Sepolio had red, watery eyes.
Jimenez said Sepolio blew into a preliminary alcohol screening device twice with readings of .059 percent and .060 percent blood-alcohol content and later had his blood drawn. The defendant's blood-alcohol level was estimated to be between .08 and .09 percent at the time of the crash, according to prosecutors.
Pfingst maintains that Sepolio had an insufficient number of drinks to be under the influence.
According to prosecutors, Sepolio told police after the crash that another driver wouldn't let him move over, so he gunned his engine. He was going 81 mph in a 45 mph zone when he hit the left guardrail and spun off the freeway and landed in the park, according to the prosecution.
At the conclusion of the preliminary hearing, will resume Thursday, Judge Kathleen Lewis will determine whether enough evidence was presented for Sepolio to stand trial.
Dame Helen Mirren just celebrated her 72nd birthday. And while she embraces the aging process, she will not be defined by a number. The legendary actress is opening up about beauty, confidence and why we need to stop saying “anti-aging” in this month's issue of Allure.
“This word ‘anti-aging' — we know we're getting older,” the new L'Oréal face says in Allure‘s September issue, in which the magazine shares its initiative to ban the descriptor from its coverage. “You just want to look and feel as great as you can on a daily basis. ”
Which is why, manners aside, she doesn't want you treating her like she's 72.
“If people treat me like the age I am, I get absolutely insulted, really cross,” she adds. “I hate when people give up their seat for me. No, no, no. I don't want your seat.”
RELATED PHOTOS: Stars Who DGAF About Aging
Now, she's an icon both on the screen, and off — in fashion and beauty. But looking back, the star sees why she was seen to have sex appeal in her twenties.
“I could see why — when I got far enough back from my young self — they called me sexy in those days,” she says. “I fell into the cliché of sexiness: blonde hair, tits, waist, which I hated at the time because it was not fashionable. You had to be thin and have a cigarette and only wear black. And I just never fit into that look.”
And when it comes to the stars she considers sexy today, two names comes to her mind: Jessica Chastain and Natalie Portman, both of whose intelligence she finds to add to their sexiness.
“It's not necessarily to do with confidence because I'm sure if [Jessica were] sitting here, she'd say, ‘Oh, God, I'm not confident at all,” Mirren says. “It's an interior power that comes from her intelligence. When intelligence is combined with beauty, it's extraordinary…[like] Natalie Portman.”
For more from Mirren, head over to Allure. And tell us: what are your thoughts about her take on aging?
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. A five-foot (1.5-meter) debris shield being installed on the International Space Station floated away on Thursday during a spacewalk by two veteran U.S. astronauts, a NASA TV broadcast showed.
Peggy Whitson, who became the world's most experienced female spacewalker during the outing, told ground control teams that a bag containing the debris shield floated away at about 10 a.m. EDT/1400 GMT.
At the time, Whitson, 57, and station commander Shane Kimbrough, 49, were about midway through a planned 6.5-hour spacewalk to prepare a docking port for upcoming commercial space taxis and to tackle other maintenance tasks.
It was the eighth spacewalk for Whitson, who surpassed the 50-hour, 40-minute record total cumulative spacewalk time by a female astronaut previously held by NASA astronaut Sunita Williams.
Cameras on the station tracked the debris shield bag as it sailed into the distance. NASA said engineers determined it posed no safety threat to the astronauts or to the facility, a $100 billion research laboratory that flies about 250 miles (402 km) above Earth.
No other details were immediately available about how the shield, which weighs 18 pounds (8 kg) and measures 63.6-by-23.4- by-2.6 inches (162-by-59-by-7 cm), was lost.
"Teams are focused on completing the (spacewalk) and will review the events as they unfolded after it is completed," NASA spokesman Dan Huot wrote in an email.
Whitson and Kimbrough were working on a docking port that will eventually be used by space taxis being developed by Boeing and privately owned Space Exploration Technologies.
The pair installed three other debris shields during their spacewalk and fitted a temporary cover over the docking port where the lost shield would have gone.
While not a perfect fit, the cover will help protect the station from impacts and provide thermal shielding, NASA said.
Spacewalkers occasionally lose small items like nuts and screws, but rarely do large objects slip away. The last such occasion was in 2008 when an astronaut lost hold of her tool bag while struggling with a jammed solar panel.
The lost debris shield will eventually be pulled back into Earth's atmosphere and burn up. Until then, it joins more than 21,000 other pieces of orbiting trash and debris that are big enough to be tracked by radar and cameras on Earth.
(Reporting by Irene Klotz; Editing by Daniel Wallis and Leslie Adler)
CA Current Conditions
CA Current Conditions as of 03:00 AM PDT Wednesday, July 4, 2018
_____
City/Town;Weather Condition;Temp (F);Wind Direction;Wind Speed (MPH);Humidity (%)
Alturas;Clear;50;NNE;3;63%
Arcata;Cloudy;51;ENE;3;91%
Auburn;Clear;61;Calm;0;72%
Avalon;Cloudy;58;SE;7;90%
Bakersfield;Clear;74;NW;3;38%
Beale AFB;Clear;64;S;13;67%
Big Bear City;Clear;45;Calm;0;61%
Bishop;Clear;72;WSW;8;30%
Blue Canyon;Clear;59;SE;3;66%
Blythe;Clear;80;S;9;35%
Burbank;Cloudy;63;N;3;91%
Camarillo;Cloudy;65;ESE;5;72%
Camp Pendleton;Cloudy;66;SE;3;74%
Campo;Cloudy;54;NE;5;63%
Carlsbad;Cloudy;67;SSW;6;72%
Chico;Cloudy;68;SSE;9;63%
China Lake;Clear;79;S;17;28%
Chino;Cloudy;62;SSW;6;83%
Concord;Partly cloudy;58;W;7;77%
Corona;Clear;61;Calm;5;86%
Crescent City;Cloudy;52;SSE;21;86%
Daggett-Barstow;Clear;74;W;10;44%
Edwards AFB;Clear;70;WSW;18;28%
El Centro;Clear;78;NW;3;37%
Eureka;Cloudy;50;ENE;5;94%
Fairfield;Clear;58;SW;28;74%
Fresno;Clear;67;WNW;7;54%
Fullerton;Partly cloudy;66;ESE;3;72%
Hanford;Clear;70;WNW;8;50%
Hawthorne;Mostly cloudy;66;Calm;0;77%
Hayward;Clear;60;SE;5;72%
Imperial;Clear;78;NW;3;37%
Imperial Beach;Cloudy;65;SSW;5;75%
Lancaster;Clear;68;WSW;16;34%
Lemoore Nas;Clear;65;N;6;60%
Lincoln;Clear;63;SE;14;63%
Livermore;Clear;56;Calm;0;80%
Lompoc;Cloudy;61;WSW;3;87%
Long Beach;Cloudy;66;Calm;0;74%
Los Alamitos;Cloudy;66;Calm;0;74%
Los Angeles;Cloudy;66;Calm;0;74%
Los Angeles Downtown;Cloudy;66;Calm;0;74%
Madera;Clear;62;NW;6;67%
Mammoth;Clear;55;ENE;3;32%
Marysville;Clear;62;SE;14;69%
Mather AFB;Clear;55;SSE;7;87%
Merced;Clear;60;W;7;69%
Merced (airport);Clear;60;W;7;69%
Miramar Mcas;Cloudy;66;SSW;7;72%
Modesto;Clear;64;NNW;9;69%
Moffett Nas;Clear;58;SSE;8;77%
Mojave;Cloudy;70;SW;10;40%
Montague;Clear;60;Calm;0;40%
Monterey Rabr;Cloudy;59;N;3;83%
Mount Shasta;Clear;50;Calm;0;52%
Napa County;Cloudy;55;W;9;86%
Needles;Clear;93;SW;15;16%
North Island;Cloudy;65;S;4;82%
Oakland;Cloudy;57;S;9;88%
Oceanside;Cloudy;67;SSW;6;72%
Ontario;Cloudy;62;SSW;6;83%
Oroville;Clear;64;SSE;10;72%
Oxnard;Cloudy;65;SSE;5;80%
Palm Springs;Clear;80;SE;3;28%
Palmdale;Clear;68;W;3;35%
Paso Robles;Cloudy;59;W;6;80%
Point Mugu;Cloudy;65;S;6;77%
Porterville;Clear;67;S;5;54%
Ramona;Cloudy;58;NW;6;93%
Redding;Clear;73;Calm;0;58%
Riverside;Clear;62;W;6;83%
Riverside March;Clear;61;Calm;0;70%
Sacramento;Clear;57;S;7;83%
Sacramento International;Mostly cloudy;60;SSE;14;72%
Salinas;Cloudy;58;NE;5;83%
San Bernardino;Clear;66;WSW;5;68%
San Carlos;Mostly cloudy;57;Calm;0;76%
San Diego;Cloudy;66;S;4;84%
San Diego Brown;Cloudy;63;Calm;0;83%
San Diego Montgomery;Cloudy;64;S;5;74%
San Francisco;Cloudy;57;S;9;85%
San Jose;Clear;58;SSE;12;77%
San Luis Obispo;Cloudy;62;S;3;77%
San Nicolas Island;Cloudy;61;SSE;6;87%
Sandberg;Cloudy;58;SSW;15;50%
Santa Ana;Cloudy;65;SSE;5;80%
Santa Barbara;Cloudy;63;NE;3;83%
Santa Maria;Cloudy;62;Calm;0;86%
Santa Monica;Cloudy;64;Calm;0;80%
Santa Rosa;Cloudy;55;Calm;0;83%
Santa Ynez;Cloudy;59;W;3;87%
Santee;Cloudy;64;SSW;3;77%
South Lake Tahoe;Clear;44;S;3;76%
Stockton;Clear;61;NNW;6;77%
Thermal;Clear;85;WNW;10;23%
Truckee-Tahoe;Clear;41;Calm;0;80%
Twentynine Palms;Cloudy;77;WNW;4;27%
Ukiah;Clear;57;SSE;6;71%
Vacaville;Cloudy;62;SW;14;67%
Van Nuys;Cloudy;63;SSE;6;80%
Vandenberg AFB;Cloudy;57;Calm;0;100%
Victorville;Cloudy;68;WSW;8;51%
Visalia;Clear;68;Calm;0;65%
Watsonville;Cloudy;57;W;5;86%
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
A man has been arrested Saturday on suspicion of arson in connection with a massive fire that grew over 5,000 acres overnight in southern Colorado.
Scroll for more content...
Jesper Jorgenson, 52, was taken into custody sometime Saturday, San Luis Valley Emergency officials said during an early afternoon community meeting for evacuees held at the Blanca/Fort Garland Community Center.
Jorgenson, who was arrested without incident by Costilla County deputies, was being held on arson charges. No other information related to those charges was immediately released.
Deputies said Jorgenson's arrest was made possible thanks to the work of several agencies, including the Colorado Bureau of Investigation (CBI), state arson investigators, the Colorado State Patrol (CSP) and Immigration and Custom Enforcement agents (ICE).
It's unclear at this point why ICE was involved in the arrest.
The Spring Fire, which is burning five miles east of Fort Garland in Costilla and Huerfano counties, grew to 38,136 acres by Saturday morning. The blaze remains at 0 percent containment.
Highway 160 remains closed due to fire activity along the road and there is no estimate of reopening at this time. Highway 12 is also closed in the Cuchara Valley area due to mandatory evacuations, officials said in a Saturday morning update.
For a current list of evacuations in Huerfano County please visit the Huerfano County Facebook page at facebook.com/HuerfanoCountyOEM. For evacuations in Costilla County visit the San Luis Valley Emergency page at slvemergency.org for a current evacuation map.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Immokalee's Fred Green discusses passing Edgerrin James for the No. 4 spot on the team's all-time rushing touchdown list. Andrew Sodergren/Naples Daily News
Palmetto Ridge High School's Jacquez Carter looks to pass during a game against Immokalee High School on Friday, October 6, 2017. (Photo: Logan Newell/Special to the Napl)
Judging by Immokalee High School football coach Rodelin Anthony's postgame speech to his team, one would have never guessed the Indians throttled a quality opponent by 35 points.
He questioned his squad's effort, saying they seemed to coast on their talent and pointed fingers at each other when things went wrong.
Anthony is trying to build a championship team, and a 63-28 victory over Palmetto Ridge may look good on paper, but he knows there are more important games ahead, namely a Oct. 17 clash against Class 5A-District 12 rival Dunbar. That game comes a mere four days after the Indians' next game at Clewiston next Friday.
“I was happy with the way the guys responded (in the second half),” Anthony said. “But it begins and ends right there. (Defensive coordinator) Culmer St. Jean made some great halftime adjustments defensively, put them in positions to make plays. But to be honest, we left a lot of plays on the field tonight on both sides of the ball. We were sloppy the whole entire game.”
Immokalee High School's Fred Green brings the ball up field during a game against Palmetto Ridge High School on Friday, October 6, 2017. (Photo: Logan Newell/Special to the Napl)
Palmetto Ridge closed within 19-16 at the half, but the second half was a completely different story, as the Indians dominated from the jump. They forced a few three-and-outs on defense, and scored on all three offensive possessions to build a 40-16 lead heading into the final quarter.
They kept scoring in the fourth quarter, turning the once-close game into another Immokalee rout.
“We dug deep and made plays we needed to make,” Anthony said. “We worked hard on certain facets of the game, but it wasn't our best game at all.”
Early on, Immokalee looked in complete control.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Immokalee football coach Rodelin Anthony discusses the Indians' 63-28 win over Palmetto Ridge on Friday night. Andrew Sodergren/Naples Daily News
Senior Fred Green, who passed former NFL star Edgerrin James for the No. 4 spot on the school's all-time touchdowns list, ripped off a 92-yard kickoff return to set up a short TD plunge by Abraham Alce. Malcom Jackson picked off Palmetto Ridge quarterback Jacquez Carter on the Bears' second play from scrimmage, and the Indians extended their lead to 13-0 on Green's 12-yard run. Green finished with a game-high 102 yards on 14 carries and two touchdowns, also adding three receptions for 33 yards.
“It means a lot, Edgerrin's my cousin, and NFL star to come out of Immokalee, everybody really looks up to him,” Green said. “So it feels good.”
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE The Indians defeated the Bears in dominating fashion. NBC-2
Anthony praised his senior running back, while tweaking college recruiters who apparently feel he's too small to succeed at the Division I level.
“He's a special player for Immokalee, he's a special player in Collier County, but apparently colleges don't think so,” Anthony said. “I hope a college sees that. I hope someone trips and falls on his tape or his film. But colleges, Division I and Division II, there is a player named Fred Green at Immokalee High School. If he is not playing football anywhere near you, you're going to regret it. And if he does play on the opposite side of you, you're going to regret it and your defensive coordinator is going to have nightmares.”
Palmetto Ridge did a nice job of getting back into the game, using Carter's arm to move down the field effectively throughout the rest of the first half. After a pair of Esequiel Moya field goals, Carter found Bailey Anderson for a 38-yard touchdown to tie the score at 13 early in the second quarter. On that play, Carter escaped a heavy pass rush, made a nifty spin move to buy time and find Anderson down the seam for the score.
Green put the Indians up for good, scoring from a yard out a few plays after burning the Bears for a 31-yard gain on a play where he seemed to be wrapped up in the backfield. But he ran through the tackle, spun away and sped down the right sideline for the big gain.
“Defensively, we missed a lot of tackles tonight,” Palmetto Ridge coach Chris Toukonen said. “That's what it boils down to, the fundamentals on both sides of the ball. We didn't execute on offense. We didn't execute on defense.”
Palmetto Ridge High School's Cristian Torres takes the ball up field during a game against Immokalee High School on Friday, October 6, 2017. (Photo: Logan Newell/Special to the Napl)
Carter's big 60-yard completion to freshman Kamonte Grimes gave the Bears a chance at the Indians' 15, but Immokalee eventually forced another Moya field goal to cut the lead to 19-16 at halftime.
IMMOKALEE 63,
PALMETTO RIDGE 28
I 13 6 21 23 - 63
PR 3 13 0 12 - 28
First quarter
I - Abraham Alce 2 run (Elias Cuevas kick), 11:18
I - Fred Green 12 run (pass failed), 9:06
PR – Esequiel Moya 25 FG, 5:28
Second quarter
PR – Moya 40 FG, 10:31
PR - Bailey Anderson 38 pass from Jacquez Carter (Moya kick), 10:18
I - Green 1 run (kick blocked), 3:00
PR - Moya 30 FG, 1:09
Third quarter
I - RJ Rosales 1 run (Cuevas kick), 8:46
I - Malcom Jackson 6 run (run failed), 5:36
I - Green 5 run (Green run), 2:53
Fourth quarter
PR – Carter 3 run (run failed), 11:47
I - Cuevas 24 field goal, 9:28
I - Nathaniel Betancourt 69 pass from Rosales (kick failed), 7:14
I - Betancourt 1 run (Cuevas kick), 6:50
PR - Carter 10 run (run failed), 4:55
I - Yanavis Fuller 22 pass from Betancourt (Cuevas kick), 3:30
Aspen said it was waiting for the release of the full reasons for this judgment and the Italian court's assessment of the underlying facts, including that the price for most of the relevant Aspen drugs in Italy had not been increased for between 40 and 60 years, and that a generic version of one of the Aspen drugs in question had recently been approved in Italy, with a list price of more than double that of the Aspen drug on an equivalent dose basis.
Aspen said yesterday it had been informed that the Italian court had dismissed its appeal against the ICA ruling.
JSE-listed pharmaceutical company Aspen, which is being probed by the South African Competition Commission, will have to pay a $5.2 million (R73.7m) fine plus interest, imposed by the Italian Competition Authority (ICA) related to the company's portfolio of oncology products distributed in Italy.
“Aspen will engage its advisers and consider the matter further against receipt of those reasons, including Aspen's automatic right to lodge a further appeal to the Council of State appeal court,” it said.
The South African Competition Commission on Tuesday launched an investigation into three major pharmaceutical companies for allegedly fixing the prices of cancer medication.
The investigation followed suspected collusion by Aspen, Pfizer and Roche over
the prices they were charging for cancer drugs.
ALSO READ: Pharmaceuticals companies behind high cost for cancer medication
Commenting on the commission's announcement, Aspen said pharmaceutical prices in South Africa were approved by the Department of Health in terms of the Single Exit Price (SEP) Regulatory Framework, which established a universal fixed price for each pharmaceutical product.
Aspen said it had not increased the pricing of its products outside of this regulatory framework and had clearly demonstrated its commitment to providing affordable quality medicines over many years, including the supply of the oncology products.
The company said that to date it had not had any engagement with the commission on these issues and welcomed the opportunity to meet and clarify certain key issues on the products listed by the commission in its announcement.
The issues included that these products were all post-patent and had been for some time now; there were no obvious barriers preventing generic entry for these products; and despite the lack of generic competition on these products, Aspen had never increased the price for the products in South Africa beyond the allowable SEP increases.
It added that invariably the lack of generic entry to a country was either attributable to the sub-economical pricing of the branded products and/or an unattractive market size.
“Aspen hopes to demonstrate, through its active engagement with the commission and other affected stakeholders, its ongoing commitment to supplying the South African market with quality affordable medicines for which it is renowned.
“While Aspen acknowledges the vital nature of the four oncology products listed in the commission's announcement, these products have a collective turnover of about R3m in the South African private market,” the company said.
BUSINESS REPORT
April 13 Shenzhen Soling Industrial Co Ltd :
* Says it adjusts div payment plan for FY 2016
* In new plan, co plans to use undistributed profits to pay a cash dividend of 1 yuan (pre-tax) per 10 shares to shareholders for FY 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute 10 new shares for every 10 shares, instead of to distribute 20 new shares for every 10 shares announced previously
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/WHKVhy
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif (WATE) – Netflix released a study this week concerning the streaming habits of couples.
It may be hard for you to wait to watch a show with your significant other. If so, then you are not alone.
According to the streaming site, 46 percent of streaming couples have cheated. The company has discovered that over the years more people are cheating.
Netflix surveyed 30,267 people of different age groups from December 20-31, 2016 across the world. The top show that tempt customers to cheat are “Narcos,” “Stranger Things,” “Orange Is The New Black,” “House of Cards” and “Black Mirror.”
Sixty percent of customers said they would cheat more if they could get away with it. Netflix says 80 percent of cheaters are repeat offenders and 44 percent have cheated more than three times. Forty-five percent of cheaters are keeping their habits secret.
If you think your partner may have watched your favorite show on purpose, think again. Eighty-percent of cheating was unplanned. The study says 25 percent of cheating happens when the other partner is asleep.
In the study, 66 percent of culprits said “the shows are just so good we can't stop bingeing.”
Brazil and Mexico have the most cheaters with 57 and 58 percent. The most loyal couples are in the Netherlands, Germany and Poland. Seventy-three percent of customers in the Netherlands have not cheated.
If you get caught cheating in Hong Kong, your significant other may not forgive you, according to the study. Forty percent of customers in Hong Kong believe Netflix cheating is worse than committing infidelity in real life.
So the next time you finish an episode, think about if you should hit pause before temptation strikes.
Is your significant other ‘Netflix Cheating?' View as list View as gallery Open Gallery (Photo: Netflix) (Photo: Netflix) (Photo: Netflix) (Photo: Netflix) (Photo: Netflix) (Photo: Netflix) (Photo: Netflix)
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - The inglorious firing of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson via social media resembles the style President Donald Trump used as a reality television star and sends a chilling message to advisers who refuse to be sycophants, analysts told Sputnik.
Trump's dismissal of Tillerson last week through a tweet drew the ire of many lawmakers, such as Senator Patrick Leahy who accused the president of running the US government like "an erratic ratings-driven TV impresario." Leahy added that while firing Tillerson via Twitter might make for great television ratings, it is destabilizing.
TWEETED OUT OF OFFICE
Trump's unprecedented action in informing his secretary of state that had lost his job through a Twitter message recalled the popular persona he developed on the long-running hit television entertainment show "The Apprentice," retired professor of neurology and political commentator John Walsh told Sputnik.
"In fact it is like The Apprentice where firings occurred all the time — and maybe it is the way he ran his businesses," Walsh said. "It certainly means that no one wants to offend the boss too much lest their head is the next to roll."
Trump has come to see his Cabinet, Walsh added, as something that evolves and not "one-time picks that are cast in concrete."
It was still too soon to assess the significance of Trump's choice of previous CIA Director Mike Pompeo to replace Tillerson as secretary of state, Walsh said.
"If Pompeo was made secretary of state because of his hawkishness, then it is very bad. If Pompeo was put there because he is a consistent ‘yes man' for The Donald, then the appointment is irrelevant," he said.
Above all else, Trump demanded public and private loyalty and respect from his most senior officials and Tillerson had refused to provide it, Walsh explained.
"On this view Tillerson was a dead man walking the day he called Trump a ‘moron' and refused to take it back," he said.
In selecting CIA Deputy Director Gina Haskel as Pompeo's successor, Trump is seeking to satisfy his hardline nationalist supporters, Walsh pointed out.
"The new head of CIA is a certified hands-on torturer — but hey, she is a woman. So the Identity Politics people in the Democratic Party and elsewhere must see [her appointment] as ‘progressive,'" he said.
TOTAL LOYALTY
California State University Chico Professor Emeritus of Political Science Beau Grosscup told Sputnik that Tillerson had made a fatal political mistake in not recognizing that Trump demanded full compliance and unquestioning loyalty from him.
"This is mostly a personality shift. Tillerson was gone because he… challenged him on occasion, such as on the Iran nuclear deal. Pompeo is only the next person to either 'serve' Trump or he too is gone," he said.
© AP Photo/ Pablo Martinez Monsivais Former ‘Russian Puppet' Tillerson Rendered Resistance Hero After Firing
The upcoming planned meeting between Trump and North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un also had to be understood in the light of Trump's ongoing political strategy of keeping the spotlight on himself at center stage, Grosscup maintained.
"The North Korea meeting if it ever happens is at best a 'meet and greet' session to put the spotlight on Trump for a day or two as a 'statesman' for egotistical reasons only… Remember, President Trump said, 'I'm the only one who matters,'" he said.
However, seeing the Trump-Kim meeting in these terms increased the risks of a breakdown in negotiations that could dangerously increase nuclear tensions on the Korean peninsula, Grosscup warned.
"The worry is Trump comes out of the meeting with no 'agreement' saying, ‘See, I tried diplomacy,'" he said.
Trump has accepted an invitation to meet with Kim Jong-un by the end of May.
How to be the oldest person in the world? Don't drink rum, according to 117-year-old Jamaican Violet-Mosse Brown, recently dubbed the world's oldest human.
Brown — otherwise known as Aunt V — was born March 10, 1900, which is 67 years before Jamaica was founded. Good genes seem to run in the family; Brown's son is 97.
Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness congratulated Brown on the achievement.
According to a local Jamaican newspaper, The Gleaner, there is no secret formula to Brown's long life. “Really and truly, when people ask what me eat and drink to live so long, I say to them that I eat everything, except pork and chicken, and I don't drink rum and them things,” Brown told The Gleaner.
Raised Christian, she has been a music teacher and church organist for over 80 years. After her husband's death in 1997, she took over his responsibilities and became a record-keeper for the local cemetery, a job she continued well after her 100th birthday.
At 117, Brown has witnessed a lot of history's milestones. She remembers when the first cars and planes came to Jamaica, as well as the first electricity and piped water. She has lived through both world wars and the founding of her country. She's also the last living subject of Queen Victoria.
Brown's granddaughter, Lelieth Palmer, and great-granddaughter, Nicole Palmer Murray, founded the Violet Moss Foundation to help care for the elderly. “She continues to be very hard-working, even now,” Palmer said. Palmer Murray said Brown is happily living in Duanvale, Jamaica — where her family has lived for 200 years — and is doing well.
Brown became the world's oldest living person on Saturday after the death of 117-year-old Emma Morano. Guinness World Records officially confirmed Morano as the last living person to have been born in the 1800s.
STUART Clark believes a lack of respect for Joe Root is sabotaging England's Ashes campaign, while Michael Vaughan is aghast at the ‘stupidity' of the touring side's late-night drinkers.
England was hit by its second alcohol-related controversy of the tour last week, with Ben Duckett — a member of the Lions squad shadowing Root's men — handed a maximum fine, banned from playing for the remainder of England Lions' trip and issued with a final written warning for pouring beer over James Anderson.
The incident took place at ‘the Avenue' bar in Perth, where Jonny Bairstow famously greeted Cameron Bancroft with a headbutt sparking the imposition of team curfew.
Clark, who took 26 wickets for Australia in the 2006-07 Ashes whitewash, is against the curfew and believes England's biggest problem is a lack of respect for its captain.
“The toss sums it up for me, what happened at Adelaide,” Clark said on Fox Sports News' Bill and Boz. “Broad and Anderson didn't want to bowl.
“Joe Root goes out and bowls, they run in and bowl half rat power all over the place and go ‘I'm not really interested.' It goes to show me a lack of respect for Joe Root.
Camera Icon Clark: Anderson and Broad showed a lack of respect to Root. Picture: AFP
“Those two to me stood up and went I don't care what Joe Root thinks and that's a problem. And that's a problem stemming right through the team.
“There is no leadership. (Coach) Trevor's (Bayliss) a lovely bloke, Trevor's nice, but he's not an authoritarian leader.”
Clark's thoughts echo those of Kevin Piteresen, who over the weekend Tweeted that the Duckett incident was a “f*****g embarrassment.”
LIVE stream the India v Sri Lanka ODI Series on FOX SPORTS. Get a free 2-week Foxtel Now trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
UK VIEW: England bad boy not alone in boozy bust-up
BEER BATTERED: ‘I'm sure it will be brought up'
SORT IT OUT!: Warne's brutal call on Test battler
“I have heard there are rumours that a couple of people didn't want to bowl first in Adelaide,” Pietersen said. “If a couple of people didn't want to bowl and Root's made that decision and they've lost, yeah there are certain factions that can happen in dressing rooms when that happens.”
Meanwhile, Vaughan is incredulous that, on their first night back in Perth and after the Ashes squad's curfew was lifted, 10 of them joined Lions colleagues in the very same bar where Bairstow got himself into trouble.
“To think you've gone back to the same bar where the Bairstow incident happened, the first night you're back in town, it's just stupid,” Vaughan said. “You can't fathom the mentality of a group of people who suddenly say ‘Right, we're going out, we've found a venue, and you know what, we're going back (to) the Avenue bar'.
“You have one or two bad eggs and let's be honest, they act like students when they go out, big trays of shots.”
He advocates one appropriate response for further transgressions.
“How can (director) Andrew Strauss or Joe Root stop someone being an idiot?” he said.
“It's got to the stage that every single England cricketer needs to be sat in a room and (told) if you bring any bad PR on the team you just get sent home.
“I agree with (coach) Trevor Bayliss. If he feels he's got to get rid of a few people, that's what he's got to do.”
He has little time either for the “excuse” that social media puts players in an impossible position.
“It winds me up when I hear this social media is the problem,” Vaughan said. “Social media didn't pour a drink over someone's head; social media didn't punch someone in the street in Bristol; social media didn't introduce himself with a headbutt.
“Social media didn't release what happened on Thursday night. It's an easy excuse.
“The perception of this England side is that they drink and party too much. There's only one way to deal with it — don't do it.”
The two most prolific marksmen in the Premier League this season will meet on Sunday as Liverpool host Tottenham Hotspur (6.30pm) in a game that could prove decisive in the increasingly tight battle to finish in the top four.
With only five points separating Manchester United in second and Mauricio Pochettino's Spurs in fifth, the fight for Champions League qualification has rarely been so intense.
Victory for third-place Liverpool at Anfield would open up a five-point gap to Tottenham, a healthy buffer for Jurgen Klopp's team who have lost only once in 16 league games.
A win for the visitors, however, would catapult them into the coveted Champions League places ahead of their opponents.
While neither manager is likely to care which of their players ends up the match-winner on Sunday, the build-up is likely to focus on two individuals who have been in sparkling goal-scoring form all season.
Liverpool's Mohamed Salah and Tottenham's Harry Kane have bagged 40 league goals between them this season, with the Spurs striker having scored 21 times to lead the battle for the golden boot by two over Liverpool's Egypt international.
Kane is a familiar presence at the top of scoring charts yet Salah's impact since signing from AS Roma in the close season has been a revelation, even more so because he does not even play as an out-and-out striker.
Both players were on target when the sides met at Wembley in October, a 4-1 victory for Spurs that marked a watershed moment for Liverpool who then embarked on a 14-match unbeaten run in all competitions.
That ended with a surprise defeat by relegation strugglers Swansea City, although they rebounded with a 3-0 win over Huddersfield Town on Tuesday.
Tottenham, who have not completed a league double over Liverpool since 2010-11, will fancy their chances and will come into the game on a high having comfortably beaten Manchester United 2-0 at Wembley on Wednesday.
That was a rare occasion when Kane failed to score, but the striker enjoys playing against Liverpool and has contributed four goals and two assists in his last six league appearances against the Merseyside club.
Manchester United host Huddersfield on Saturday (5pm) looking to bounce back from their Wembley defeat where manager Jose Mourinho lamented “ridiculous” defensive errors.
Tottenham's Christian Eriksen scored after 11 seconds and United defender Phil Jones scored an own goal with a clumsy attempted clearance that rocketed into his own net.
Chelsea also suffered an embarrassing setback in midweek, losing 3-0 at home to Bournemouth, sparking further media speculation about manager Antonio Conte's future and making Monday's trip to Watford (10pm) all the more important.
At the top of the table, however, all remains serene for Manchester City, who hold a 15-point lead and on Saturday (2.30pm) visit a Burnley side who have not won in their last eight league matches.
By Mayo Clinic Staff
Dietitian's tip: To make this vegetarian, substitute cubes of extra-firm tofu for the chicken and use vegetable stock.
Number of servings Serves 8
Ingredients
3 ounces dried soba noodles 1 tablespoon olive oil 1 large yellow onion, chopped (1 cup) 1 tablespoon peeled and minced fresh ginger 1 carrot, peeled and finely chopped 1 clove garlic, minced 4 cups unsalted chicken stock or broth 2 tablespoons reduced-sodium soy sauce 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, chopped 1 cup shelled edamame 1 cup plain soy milk (soya milk) 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro (fresh coriander)
Directions
Bring a saucepan 3/4 full of water to a boil, add the noodles and cook until just tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and set aside until needed.
In a large saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until soft and translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the ginger and carrot and saute for 1 minute. Add the garlic and saute for 30 seconds; don't let the garlic brown. Add the stock and soy sauce and bring to a boil. Add the chicken and edamame and return to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer until the chicken is cooked and the edamame are tender, about 4 minutes. Add the soba noodles and soy milk and cook until heated through; don't let boil.
Remove pan from the heat and stir in the cilantro. Ladle soup into warmed individual bowls and serve immediately.
Nutritional analysis per serving Serving size :About 1 1/4 cups Total carbohydrate 16 g
16 g Dietary fiber 2 g
2 g Sodium 223 mg
223 mg Saturated fat 1 g
1 g Total fat 5 g
5 g Cholesterol 41 mg Protein 19 g
19 g Monounsaturated fat 2 g
2 g Calories 185
185 Trans fat Trace
Trace Total sugars 4 g
4 g Added sugars 0 g DASH Eating Plan Servings Grains and grain products 1
1 Nuts, seeds and dry beans 1
1 Meats, poultry and fish 2
2 Vegetables 1 Mayo Clinic Healthy Weight Pyramid Servings Protein and dairy 1
1 Carbohydrates 1
1 Vegetables 1 Diabetes Meal Plan Choices Meat and meat substitutes 3
3 Nonstarchy vegetables 1
1 Starches 1
This recipe is one of 150 recipes collected in "The New Mayo Clinic Cookbook," published by Mayo Clinic Health Information and Oxmoor House, and winner of the 2005 James Beard award.
Smog is seen over the city of London, Britain, January 24, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
LONDON The British government will not appeal a court ruling on its plans to tackle air pollution and will meet a deadline for May 9 to detail its efforts to improve air quality, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Tuesday.
The government had sought to extend an April 24 deadline to submit its plan to improve air quality and comply with EU nitrogen dioxide limits, but a court ordered a draft plan to be submitted by May 9 and a full report by July 31. [nL8N1HZ9IB]
"We have looked at the judgment from last week and we will not be appealing," the spokesman told reporters.
"The court deadline was I believe the 9th of May and we will be meeting that deadline."
(Reporting by Elizabeth Piper, Writing by Kylie MacLellan; editing by Stephen Addison)
* TSX down 19.42 points, or 0.12 percent, to 15,559.34
* Six of the TSX's 10 main groups were down
TORONTO, March 31 Canada's main stock index fell modestly in morning trading on Friday, weighed by financial and railway companies, though better-than-expected results from BlackBerry offset some of the losses.
The most influential movers on the index included Royal Bank of Canada, which fell 0.5 percent to C$97.43, and Bank of Nova Scotia, which declined 0.7 percent to C$78.12. Bank of Montreal slipped 0.4 percent to C$99.47.
CIBC, which fell nearly 3 percent on Thursday after it raised its offer for PrivateBancorp Inc, recouped some of the previous session's losses, rising 0.6 percent to C$114.41.
The overall financials group slipped 0.4 percent.
At 10:27 a.m ET (1427 GMT), the Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was down 19.42 points, or 0.12 percent, to 15,559.34.
Of the index's 10 main groups, six fell.
BlackBerry Ltd, which said it expects to be profitable on an adjusted basis in 2018 and nearly halved its operating costs, was one of the bright spots in the market. Shares surged 14.9 percent to C$10.65.
The tech group was the best performing sector, climbing 1.0 percent.
Canada's two biggest rail operators also dragged, with Canadian Pacific Railway slipping 0.7 percent to C$196.03 and Canadian National Railway off 0.1 percent to C$98.48. Industrials fell 0.2 percent.
Energy stocks tracked moves in oil prices, which fell after a three-day crude rally ran out of steam. The group retreated 0.2 percent.
U.S. crude prices were down 0.5 percent to $50.11 a barrel, while Brent crude lost 0.7 percent to $52.6.
Data showed the Canadian economy expanded by a healthy 0.6 percent in January from December, indicating first-quarter growth will be stronger than expected as the country gradually recovers from the shock of low oil prices.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the TSX by 128 to 119, for a 1.08-to-1 ratio on the downside.
The index was posting 5 new 52-week highs and 1 new lows.
(Reporting by Solarina Ho; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - News 10 has teamed up with a local restaurant for a heartwarming program.
Scroll for more content...
The next time you stop by Azzip Pizza in Terre Haute, look for the box with a bear.
News 10 has teamed up with Azzip Pizza for something called the "Care With a Bear" drive.
All you have to do is drop off a new teddy bear in the box.
After your donation, the bears will be handed out to first responders, so they can share them with children in times of need.
"It's good to know that we can help in those troubling times, ya know this obviously isn't about Azzip Pizza, this is just about doing whatever we can to help the first responders that are so important in our community," Azzip Pizza general manager Craig Melvin said.
The program lasts for the entire month of July.
Photo: Anthony Behar / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Jeezy is set to warm up the winter with the 2018 Cold Summer Tour.
Related: Jeezy and Puffy Daddy Rule Miami in ‘Bottles Up' Video
The 6-week, 31-city U.S. tour with special guest Tee Grizzley launches in Anaheim, CA on February 7 at the House of Blues.
The Cold Summer Tour exclusive 48-hour ticket pre-sale at Jeezy's website base will take place Tuesday, December 12 -Thursday, December 14th and are available here.
The tour will be in support of the rapper's new album, Pressure, which is due to debut on Dec. 15.
See the full itinerary below.
2/7 – Anaheim, CA @ House of Blues Anaheim
2/8 – Las Vegas, NV @ House of Blues Las Vegas
2/9 – Los Angeles, CA @ Belasco Theatre
2/11 – Sacramento, CA @ Ace of Spades
2/15 – Denver, CO @ Summit Music Hall
2/16 – Kansas City, MO @ Uptown Theater
2/18 – Minneapolis, MN @ Music Hall of Minneapolis
2/21 – Chicago, IL @ House of Blues Chicago
2/22 – Milwaukee, WI @ The Rave
2/23 – Indianapolis, IN @ Egyptian Room at Old National Centre
2/24 – Detroit, MI @ The Fillmore Detroit
2/25 – Grand Rapids, MI @ 20 Monroe Live
2/26 – Cleveland, OH @ House of Blues Cleveland
2/28 – Boston, MA @ House of Blues Boston
3/1 – Providence, RI @ The Strand
3/2 – New York, NY @ Playstation Theater
3/3 – Philadelphia, PA @ The Fillmore Philadelphia
3/4 – Washington DC @ The Fillmore Silver Spring
3/6 – Norfolk, VA @ The NorVa
3/7 – Raleigh, NC @ The Ritz
3/8 – Myrtle Beach, SC @ House of Blues Myrtle Beach
3/9 – Nashville, TN @ War Memorial Auditorium
3/10 – Atlanta, GA @ Tabernacle
3/11 – Charlotte, NC @ The Fillmore Charlotte
3/15 – Shreveport, LA @ Shreveport Municipal Memorial Auditorium
3/16 – Memphis, TN @ Minglewood Hall
3/17 – New Orleans, LA @ House of Blues New Orleans
3/20 – Dallas, TX @ House of Blues Dallas
3/21 – San Antonio, TX @ Aztec Theatre
3/22 – Houston, TX @ House of Blues Houston
3/23 – Tulsa, OK @ Cain's Ballroom
Never miss a tour date from Jeezy with Eventful.
The Speaker's wife owned the construction firm Wintrack Builders, which got the NAIA-3 contract while he was also an official of the Manila International Airport Authority (MIAA) and chaired the bids committee
Published 3:00 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The group Pinoy Aksyon for Governance Environment (Page) on Monday, December 11, submitted a letter-complaint to the Office of the Ombudsman, urging the reinvestigation of an old plunder complaint against House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez.
Bencyrus Ellorin, convenor of Page, said they filed the complaint out of frustration that the people in power are those who faced corruption cases before.
Page has pledged support for Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno, who has complicated ties to Alvarez by virtue of Philippine International Air Terminals Company Incorporated (Piatco).
Alvarez faced a plunder complaint in 2001 over Piatco. Piatco lost an arbitration case to the government, whose lawyers included Sereno. Sereno's earnings from that case is being scrutinized in the ongoing impeachment proceedings against her at the House of Representatives.
“The people deserve a full and impartial investigation into Representative Alvarez's involvement in the Wintrack deal, and a reckoning for all that he has gained at our expense,” Page said in its letter complaint.
“That has long been dismissed,” Alvarez said in a text message to reporters.
It was indeed dismissed by the Ombudsman, but it was elevated to the Supreme Court, and the latter remanded it to Ombudsman for a new investigation.
The Wintrack deal
In 1997, the government, through the Department of Transportation and Communication (DOTC), began the process of bidding out the project to build the Ninoy Aquino International Airport III or NAIA III.
Alvarez was then the senior assistant general manager and chief operating officer of the Manila International Airport Authority (MIAA), as well as the chairperson of the pre-qualification, bids and awards committee (PBAC).
The contract was awarded to a series of companies, which later formed as Piatco. Because the site of the would-be airport had subterranean structures, it had to undergo demolition works.
Piatco and the government agreed that Piatco would undertake the demolitions, but that the government would reimburse the cost.
“Despite this, the clearing of subterranean structures on the project site was eventually sub-contracted by Takenaka Corporation, a Japanese construction firm contracted by Piatco to construct NAIA III, to a domestic company called Wintrack Builders, Inc. (Wintrack), without public bidding,” said Page's letter-complaint.
At the arbitral tribunal, the government said the agreement was for purposes of “degrading the Philippines and to obtain kickbacks benefitting Pantaleon Alvarez and the Chengs by inflating invoices for the subterranean work done by Wintrack Builders whose owner was Pantaleon Alvarez.”
Cheng Yong was the president of Piatco.
Conflict of interest
In the plunder complaint, Alvarez was accused of conspiring with construction firm Wintrack Builders to earn kickbacks from the project. “Wintrack was owned by the wife of Alvarez,” according to the decision of the arbitration tribunal's decision, which denied Piatco's claim for damages.
“Wintrack greatly inflated its invoices, the cost of which was passed on the Philippine government, allegedly with the knowledge of Fraport,” the tribunal said, quoting the government's pleadings.
As a result, Alvarez and other officials and personalities became the subject of a plunder complaint in 2001. In 2002, then Ombudsman Aniano Desert dismissed the complaint for lack of evidence.
The MIAA–NAIA Association of Service Operators filed a petition for certiorari before the Supreme Court (SC). In 2005, the SC Third Division set aside Desierto's resolution and directed the Ombudsman to “conduct a preliminary investigation anew of petitioners.”
The decision was signed by now-retired associate justice Angelina Sandoval Gutierrez, and concurred by the rest of the members, now-retired justices Artemio Panganiban, the late Renato Corona, and Conchita Carpio-Morales.
Now, as Ombudsman, Morales is urged to follow her own division's ruling and act on the plunder complaint.
Ellorin said this would test whether the justice system is still working.
“Representative Alvarez has evaded liability for his criminal and unethical actions involving the Wintrack contact for years,” the letter-complaint said.
Allegations
These allegations were all quoted in the different decisions by different bodies. It was quoted by the arbitral tribunal when it denied Piatco's claim for damages. Piatco sued for damages after the SC nullified their contract.
It was also referenced by the SC when it remanded the case to the Office of the Ombudsman.
In a television interview, Sereno said it may be possible that the impeachment complaint against her is being entertained by the House as Alvarez's form of revenge over the Piatco case.
Alvarez has condemned this insinuation, and told Sereno to stick to answering allegations the complaint. – Rappler.com
As Gilas Pilipinas reels from the embarrassing incident, Vice President Leni Robredo reminds that strength must come with self-control
Published 10:34 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Vice President Leni Robredo released a statement on Wednesday, July 4, calling for Filipinos to exercise restraint and self-control following a brawl on the basketball court between Gilas Pilipinas and Australia on July 2.
A bench-clearing brawl occurred midway through the 3rd quarter of the match between the Philippines and Australia, which resulted in a default loss for Gilas Pilipinas as 9 players got thrown out and 2 of the 3 players left eventually fouled out.
Robredo said while the brawl seems trivial, it reflects "individual notions of what it means to be Filipino."
"There are many who insist that what we witnessed was a defense of 'Filipino pride,' and it is easy to understand where they are coming from," Robredo acknowledged.
"We are a nation and a people whose history and experience are sadly replete with many instances of subjugation and humiliation, and lashing out at 'foreign abuse' can readily be taken as an expression of patriotism and courage."
Robredo also pointed out patriotism and courage can go beyond that, saying that it can mean "more than giving vent to our anger, even during the times when there is ample justification for it."
"Patriotism and courage demand that even in our righteous anger, we must always insist on doing what is right. The curses we hurl and the punches we throw, whether literally or figuratively, may provide immediate satisfaction. But if they undermine the essential justness of our cause, they serve us poorly," she explained.
"Courage," Robredo added, "often demands restraint; strength must come with self-control. And many victories have been lost for failure to grasp this truth."
Robredo also acknowledged those involved in the brawl who expressed regret and promised to work on their shortcomings in an effort to do the right thing. "This is the deeper expression of Filipino pride: owning up to our mistakes, and doing what is necessary to set them right," she said.
She added, "We can be proud that there are many of our fellow Filipinos who are finding the courage to do precisely that."
Much has been said about the Gilas Pilipinas incident. But here's my two cents' worth. pic.twitter.com/pApZMT9JvJ — Leni Robredo (@lenirobredo) July 4, 2018
– Rappler.com
VETERAN South African cricket reporter Neil Manthorp claims there are discrepancies between match referee Jeff Crowe's initial report into the shoulder-to-shoulder contact between Kagiso Rabada and Steve Smith and what was released by the International Cricket Council.
Rabada fronted a six-hour appeal on Sunday after being hit with a level two charge of making “inappropriate and deliberate physical contact” with Smith. As things stand he has been hit with three demerit points, which on top of his prior offences has landed him a two-Test ban.
Manthorp — who has been a cricket reporter and commentator since 1987 — claims Crowe's original report put responsibility on both Smith and Rabada. By the time it was released, Rabada was the only man charged.
“I have heard on pretty good authority that there appears to be a discrepancy between the report from match referee Jeff Crowe, which said initially that there was ‘unnecessary and avoidable contact between Rabada and Smith',” Manthorp told South African radio station Cape Talk. “By the time it became public in the ICC statement it said that ‘Rabada could have avoided unnecessary contact'.
“It seems the initial suggestion was shared responsibility and by the time the charges were laid it appeared to be all Rabada's responsibility.”
LIVE stream the Australia v South Africa Test Series on FOX SPORTS. Get a free 2-week Foxtel Now trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
According to Manthorp, CSA's appeal rests on proving that ICC's disciplinary system is inconsistent, and also on previously-unseen footage which purportedly exonerates Rabada.
“The defence team have some new private footage hitherto unseen which they believe shows quite clearly that Rabada withdraws his shoulder at the last second before contact is made in an effort to avoid contact.
“There was a strong suggestion from the legal team that the judicial system implemented by the ICC is completely haphazard, totally subjective and inconsistent, and therefore any ruling can't be upheld.”
Manthorp pointed to a shoulder collision between Mitchell Johnson and Ben Stokes in 2013 as proof of the inconsistencies of the ICC's judicial system.
INJURY CLOUD: Australia sweating on Starc's fitness
NERVOUS WAIT: Rabada awaits verdict after marathon Test ban appeal
‘A LITTLE BIT PATCHY': Hazlewood looking to up his game
THE REPLACEMENTS: Proteas call up two players to fill Rabada void
Camera Icon Mitchell Johnson and Ben Stokes clashed shoulders in 2013. Picture: Herald Sun
Johnson and Stokes clashed shoulders at Adelaide Oval in the 2013-14 Ashes and both men were reported by umpire Kumar Dharmasena, who coincidentally was also on duty when Smith and Rabada brushed shoulders.
Both men successfully appealed a charge relating to “inappropriate and deliberate physical contact between players.” The match referee for that Test was also Crowe.
“I am satisfied in respect of both players that their physical contact was not deliberate,” Crowe said. “Both players, however, could have done more to avoid each other and they have been so counselled. We do not condone physical contact, but recognise that on occasions such contact could be accidental.”
Rabada will learn his fate in the next 48 hours.
For several students and staff of East Tennessee State University, spring break was a time to reflect on social issues and ways to create social changes. Alternative Spring Break (ASB) is sponsored annually by The Office of Leadership and Engagement and offers several opportunities for faculty, staff and students to address social issues and participate in educational activities, services and reflective activities.
“I think ASB serves to educate, engage and empower students to take responsibility. It challenges students to evaluate their roles in the community and how their lifestyles and behavior can make an impact on the community,” said Sanjeev Das, the Marketing and Communication Leader for Alternative Spring Break. “When community becomes a priority for students, they begin to see their role in community building.”
Last year, there was a total of 45 participants. There were five destinations available for Alternative Spring Break, but that number increased to seven this year. There are hopes that the number of experiences will continue to increase.
“A total of 65 students, faculty and staff participated this year,” said Das. “I believe everyone got a chance to learn about root issues, gain new perspectives on issues that our communities face, time to think critically about social issues and the opportunity to develop into life-long active citizens.”
Destinations for Alternative Spring Break included: Washington, D.C.; Rainelle, WV; Philadelphia, PA; New Orleans, LA; Huntington, WV; Chavies, KY and Atlanta, GA. The experiences addressed social issues such as: disaster relief, environmental restoration, HIV/AIDS, education, homelessness, healthcare, poverty, youth development, religious pluralism, food insecurity and many more.
“Veterans Advocacy and Accessibility experience could not happen due to a housing problem, so we were left with 7 experiences,” said Das. “Last year there were five destinations, so the numbers have definitely increased. We look forward to exploring more communities serving around several social justice causes in the future.”
The cost of Alternative Spring Break ranges between $150-$300, depending on the experience and destination. The cost of the program includes meals, housing, transportation and service. Large University-owned and rented vans drive participants to their destinations.
“It encourages each of us to look beyond our own self for a moment and see the bigger picture. With multiple levels of involvement, students can connect with non-profit agencies through volunteer placement or join the leadership team,” said Das. “This is a time when participants, site leaders and learning partners come together to explore a social justice issue through service related activities.”
Alternative Spring Break is not the only service program that ETSU has to offer. There are also programs and activities like Volunteer ETSU, Service Saturdays, Holiday Giving and Hunger and Homeless Awareness Week.
To learn more about Alternative Spring Break, visit their website, email leadandserve@etsu.edu or visit SORC Suite B on the lower level of the D.P Culp University Center.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Flags of the states are silhouetted as they blow in the wind Tuesday, July 3, during Concert for Heroes at Riverside National Cemetery. (Photo by Terry Pierson, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
Korean veterans Len Maffioli, 93, left, lights a lamp for MIA soldiers after Marty Schocker,93, placed the MIA flag Tuesday, July 3, during the Concert for Heroes at Riverside National Cemetery. (Photo by Terry Pierson, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
People listen to the Riverside County Philharmonic perform “The Stars and Strips Forever” as they enjoy fireworks Tuesday, July 3, during the Concert for Heroes at Riverside National Cemetery. (Photo by Terry Pierson, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
The National Anthem is played Tuesday, July 3, during Concert for Heroes at Riverside National Cemetery. (Photo by Terry Pierson, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
Korean Air Force veteran Dick Bruner, of Corona, listens to the Riverside County Philharmonic perform Tuesday, July 3, during Concert for Heroes at Riverside National Cemetery. (Photo by Terry Pierson, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
The Riverside County Philharmonic is reflected in an instrument as the group performs Tuesday, July 3, during Concert for Heroes at Riverside National Cemetery. (Photo by Terry Pierson, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
Riverside County Philharmonic Music Director Tomasz Golka leads the group Tuesday, July 3, as they perform during Concert for Heroes at Riverside National Cemetery. (Photo by Terry Pierson, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
Korean veteran Len Maffioli, 93, listens to the music of the Riverside County Philharmonic Tuesday, July 3, during the Concert for Heroes at Riverside National Cemetery. (Photo by Terry Pierson, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
The decorated chest of Korean veteran Len Maffioli, 93, at the Concert for Heroes Tuesday, July 3, at Riverside National Cemetery. (Photo by Terry Pierson, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
People are silhouetted as listen to the Riverside County Philharmonic perform during Concert for Heroes at Riverside National Cemetery Riverside on Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (Photo by Terry Pierson, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
Erlinda Rodriguez snaps a picture of her dad Rudy Rodriguez, 92, right with fellow Korean veterans Marty Schocker, 93, left, and Len Maffioli, 93, seated, Tuesday, July 3, during the intermission of the Concert for Heroes at Riverside National Cemetery. (Photo by Terry Pierson, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
Red, white and blue were the colors of the night Tuesday, July 3, at Concert for Heroes at Riverside National Cemetery. (Photo by Terry Pierson, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
Riverside County Philharmonic Music Director Tomasz Golka leads the group as they perform Tuesday, July 3, during Concert for Heroes at Riverside National Cemetery. (Photo by Terry Pierson, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
The rockets' red glare gave proof Tuesday, July 3, that the only symphonic concert at a national cemetery was still held at Riverside National Cemetery.
“Concert for Heroes,” which was expected to draw thousands, featured the Inland Empire/Riverside Philharmonic Orchestra playing patriotic tunes. That concluded with “Stars and Stripes Forever” as fireworks burst over the cemetery.
The inspiration for the Concert for Heroes came from the 1999 Congressional Medal of Honor Society Convention that was held in Riverside, according to the Riverside National Cemetery Support Committee. It has continued the day before Independence Day every year since.
BRUSSELS European Union governments called on the United Nations Security Council on Thursday to "strongly condemn" a chemical attack in Syria this week which killed at least 70 people.
"The EU urges the United Nations Security Council to come together, strongly condemn the attack on Khan Sheikhoun and ensure a swift, independent and impartial investigation of the attack," the EU said in a statement, also calling for "a genuine political transition in Syria".
(Reporting by Robin Emmott; Editing by Louise Ireland)
May 3 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc:
* Sinclair reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.61 excluding items
* Q1 revenue $649.9 million versus I/B/E/S view $647.3 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.31 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 earnings per share $0.61
* Sees Q2 2017 barter and trade revenue of about $33 million
* Q2 media revenues, before barter, are expected to be approximately $627.3 million to $633.3 million
* Full year barter and trade revenue is expected to be approximately $120 million
* FY capital expenditures expected to be $90 million, excluding expenditures that may be incurred for FCC's spectrum repack
* 2017 media expenses, excluding barter expense but including trade expense, are expected to be approximately $1.586 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Men ride a motorbike past a hazard sign at a site hit by an airstrike on Tuesday in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 5, 2017. The hazard sign reads, ''Danger, unexploded ammunition''. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
MOSCOW A proposed United Nations resolution on a chemical weapons attack in Syria is "unacceptable" for Moscow, Russia's foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova was quoted by Interfax news agency as saying on Wednesday.
"We do not believe it is expedient to pass a resolution on the chemical weapons attack in its present form," she added.
Washington, Paris and London have drawn up a draft U.N. Security Council statement condemning the attack and demanding an investigation. Russia has the power to veto it, as it has done to block all previous resolutions that would harm Assad.
Russia has already suggested it would publicly stand by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and says the chemical incident which killed scores of people was likely caused by a leak from a depot controlled by Syrian rebels
(Reporting by Polina Devitt; writing by Sujata Rao; Editing by Christian Lowe)
As Daesh's possessions in Syria and Iraq have been reduced to a few outposts, the European nations, which altogether have "supplied" some 5,000 jihadists to the fight have been puzzled by the question of where the well-trained and battle-hardened "warriors" actually are.
With the territory of the self-proclaimed "Caliphate" constantly shrinking, a change of strategy is imminent, including a stronger emphasis on returning jihadists, the security intelligence company the Soufan Group concluded in its recent report, venturing that the activity and the influence of returning Daesh supporters will grow over time.
The Soufan group found that former jihadists are unlikely to ever lead a normal life, especially as the countries they return to can hardly provide the same level of intensity they experienced as Daesh supporters in the Middle East.
In total, around 40,000 jihadists from 110 countries are estimated to have joined the terrorist cause in Syria and Iraq. There are no exact numbers of how many have returned. According to researcher Kim Cragin of the US National Defense University, approximately 15,000 have left the Middle East, while around 7,000 are confirmed dead.
This begs the question, what has become of the estimated 18,000-20,000 warriors who have not been confirmed dead or returned to their respective home countries.
"Half of them cannot be accounted for. It's a mystery where they are," Richard Barrett former MI6 official and present-day contributor to the Soufan Group told the Norwegian Aftenposten daily.
Barrett ventured that some of them may still be in Iraq or Syria, but stressed that foreigners can hardly blend in with the local mid-Eastern population without being discovered.
The situation in Europe, from where around 5,000 jihadists had gone to fight in the Middle East, remains the subject of debate. While the Radicalization Awareness Network estimated that around 30 percent have returned, security studies professor Peter Neumann from King's College ventured the percentage of returnees constituted around 40 percent. For individual countries, such as the UK, Sweden and Denmark, the percentage has been estimated at around 50 percent.
From Norway, around 100 people went to Syria to join Daesh. Around 20 are estimated to have been killed, while some 40 have returned. Over the past year, however, not a single jihadist has returned, despite Daesh's looming defeat.
"There's been a lull in returning Norwegians for quite a while now, and the information and intelligence estimates are very uncertain. We cannot rule out that more are back, but for now we lack any signs of their return," Martin Bernsen, Senior Counselor in Police Security Service (PST), said, adding that all returnees must reckon with legal issues as they come back.
By the PST's own admission, it has a strong focus on keeping track of the returnees. "We have had a good overview so far," Bernsen added.
Interpol currently has 19,000 Daesh terrorists on its surveillance list, partly based on the group's own registry in Syria and Iraq. The EU also introduced extra measures, as all citizens with Schengen passports are now being checked with Europol's database.
One of the reasons for the number of returnees being lower than expected has been linked to Daesh's measures to prevent people from surrendering. At the same time, many are believed to have fled to countries like Libya and the Philippines to continue their struggle there.
Belgian jihadist expert Pieter Van Ostaeyen expressed fears that many of them nevertheless managed to seep back into Europe undiscovered, including as part of the migrant flow.
"We cannot rule out that they managed to sneak in under the radar," Van Ostaeyen said.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
April 28 Australian Ethical Investment Ltd
* Net profit after tax (npat) for 12 months ending 30 june 2017 is expected to be between $2.2 and $2.6 million
* Underlying profit for 12 months ending 30 june 2017 is expected to be between $3.9m and $4.3 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A Bartow County Sheriff's deputy has passed away after becoming sick while on-duty on June 30.
Scroll for more content...
Deputy Jennifer Dawn New, 42, of Cartersville was working at the Bartow County Detention Center when she became sick. She was taken to an area hospital where she later passed away.
It is unclear how she became sick. New, who began working for the sheriff's office in March of 2016, was a mother of three children.
Family will receive friends on Thursday from 5:30 p.m. to 9 p.m. at Owen Funeral Home in Cartersville. A funeral service will be held at 2 p.m. on Friday at the Church at Liberty Square in Cartersville and she'll be laid to rest at Clay Hill Baptist Church in Somerset, Kentucky at 3:30 p.m.
A GoFundMe page has been set up to help pay for funeral expenses.
CARACAS Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro said on Friday he would resolve within hours the controversy over the Supreme Court's assumption of the opposition-led legislature's functions, which has sparked widespread protests and international condemnation.
"I believe in dialogue and use of the Constitution to resolve controversy," he said, calling a meeting of the state security council to discuss the attorney general's criticism of the high court's decision.
(Reporting by Eyanir Chinea; Writing by Andrew Cawthorne; Editing by Girish Gupta, G Crosse)
Health bosses in St Helens became the first in the country to stop using paper medical records and have taken another step towards a paper-less future.
St Helens and Knowsley Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust has upgraded to the latest version an electronic document management system.
Utilising a completely re-architected version of CCube Solutions' software, version 4 will introduce support for mobile and tablet devices, introduce additional workflow, OCR and eForms capabilities, and enable closer integration with the Trust's other IT systems including a brand-new PAS.
In 2010, St Helens and Knowsley Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust pioneered the use of a scan-on-demand approach to digitising medical records and serving them electronically to clinical staff in what was then a landmark and award-winning initiative well ahead of its time.
Using a customised version of CCube Solutions' EDMS software and a bespoke portal – created for the first time in the NHS further to close collaboration with clinicians and other key stakeholders – the Trust migrated away from a labour intensive and unsustainable paper process which involved moving 7,000 records each week between its two hospital sites – St Helens and Whiston.
Around 130,000 medical records were digitised – some 41 million pages – which has saved the Trust £1.4m annually further to an initial £1.2m investment.
The digital system implemented mirrored the old paper medical file and displays information such as patient name, appointment time, last doctor's letter, and has a range of links – so-called chapters - so that clinicians can quickly and easily delve into a patient's medical history. Over 500 doctors and 130 medical secretaries were trained with the implementation gradually rolled out over 22 months.
Karl McIntyre, St Helens and Knowsley Health Informatics Services' Assistant Director for Innovation, said: “We set the agenda for other NHS organisations to follow.
“Many trusts have visited St Helens and Knowsley to see how we solved our paper problems. We've practically become the digital blueprint for modern medical records delivery.”
New version of CCube Solutions' EDMS allows the Trust to build on its success.
Now completely deployed and live, the introduction of version 4 of CCube Solutions' EDMS will allow the Trust to capitalize on the work and success made to date to digitally transform.
Pumpkinville at The Myriad Botanical Gardens:
One of the most treasured fall traditions in Oklahoma City – Pumpkinville – is set to debut Friday, October 6 in Myriad Botanical Gardens. The popular Children's Garden will be transformed into “Prairie Pumpkin Town” featuring thousands of pumpkins, hundreds of gourds, a variety of fall foliage and tons of fun activities.
The sixth annual Pumpkinville, presented by OGE Energy Corporation with Express Employment Professionals, is open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily and runs through Sunday, October 22. Admission is $6 per person. Entrance for members are free. Activities for children includes train rides and photo shoots while activity for adults include wine and palette and apple cider tasting. For a complete list of events go to www.myriadgardens.org/pumpkinville.
Sunshine Shelly's Pumpkin Patch in Shawnee:
This patch includes 15 acres of pumpkins, hay rides, games, a haunted maze and a train ride are great for kids. Admission for adults is $7 while kids 1-years-old and younger are free. Visit www.sunshineshellys.com for more details.
WINGS: A Special Needs Community Fall Harvest Pumpkin Patch in Edmond:
This patch features pumpkins, pony rides, a pumpkin train, hay rides, hay slide, corn maze, bounce houses, games and more. Admission for adults is $5 while kids 3 and under are free. kids (3 & under), free. Proceeds benefit the Wings organization. For more information visit wingsok.org or call 405-242-4646.
Hay Maze at Brown Ranch in Ardmore:
This event features a hay maze, campfires, kid train rides, an educational hay ride, hay slides, playhouses and more. Admission for adults is $10 and kids 3 and under are free.For more information visit http://www.brownranchhaymaze.com/about-us.html.
Chester's Pumpkin Patch at Chester's Party Barn & Farm in Piedmont:
This patch features unlimited pony rides, hay rides, a 3-acre mystery maze, games, a free pumpkin with admission and more. A Annual memberships are available. Visit https://www.chesterspartybarn.com/chesters2015pumpkinpatch for more information.
The Orr Family Farm in Oklahoma City:
This regular treat features hay rides, train rides, a pumpkin patch, a corn maze, a petting zoo and more. Some activities may require additional fees like the Zombie Apocalypse Paintball, offered on select days. Admission is $10.50 per person plus tax on weekdays and $13.50 per person plus tax on weekends. Kids two-years-old and under are free. Visit http://www.orrfamilyfarm.com/ for more information.
Rustenburg - Five people died when a car and a bakkie collided on the N4 at Rustenburg in the North West late on Friday night, paramedics said.
Shortly after 11pm, paramedics from ER24 and other services arrived on the scene "where they found the BMW ripped into several pieces", ER24 spokesman Werner Vermaak said.
"The bakkie was found several metres away with severe damage. It is believed that the BMW had six occupants at the time of the collision. Two women and three men succumbed to their injuries prior to paramedics' arrival on [the] scene. They were all declared dead.
"A 23-year-old man was found on the scene with minor to moderate injuries. He indicated to paramedics that he was the front passenger in the BMW. Paramedics assessed him but he later declined to be transported to hospital."
The driver of the bakkie was treated and assessed by another service on the scene and later transported to a nearby hospital. The cause of the collision was not yet known, Vermaak said.
African News Agency/ANA
The former German leader believed that the head of the aid organization for former Waffen-SS conscripts was "a decent man," according to Spiegel Online.
At the beginning of his political career, young Helmut Kohl made donations to a lobby organization that helped imprisoned Nazi criminals and their relatives, German magazine Spiegel Online reported, referring to the recently disclosed documents.
According to the report, the documents revealed Kohl saying that he had transferred about 200 German marks to the Mutual Aid Association of Former Waffen-SS members (HIAG), which in 1962 was named after Paul Hausser, Colonel-General of the Nazi SS troops.
As reported by the magazine, Hausser's units are known for having committed war crimes. When World War II was over, Hausser campaigned for pensions for his comrades and contributed to the concealment of Nazi atrocities. However, Kohl, as the magazine noted, believed Hausser to be "a decent man."
READ MORE: Europe to Bid Farewell to German Reunification Chancellor Helmut Kohl
HIAG was founded by former high-ranking Waffen-SS members in West Germany in 1951. Its main goal was to rehabilitate the armed wing of the Nazi Party's SS organization after the end of World War II.
Helmut Kohl served as a German Chancellor from 1982 to 1998. He died on June 16, 2017 aged 87.
A potential military intervention by Washington would destabilize the region and lead to new refugee inflows that would again affect European countries the most, German political analyst Josef Braml said in an interview with Sputnik.
If National Security Advisor John Bolton manages to work his way forward with his harsh rhetoric, Washington is likely to take military action against Iran, political scientist and expert on transatlantic relations with the German Council on Foreign Relations (DGAP) Josef Braml said in an interview with Sputnik.
"I have had in mind that the second supporter of Assad — not only Russia, but also Iran — would be punished more directly," Braml stated.
Possible Withdrawal from the Iran Nuclear Deal
Iran could repeat Russia's fate and become subject to enhanced sanctions by Washington, the analyst argued.
READ MORE: Trump Warns Iran Against Restarting Nuclear Program
So far, the newly appointed National Security Advisor John Bolton could not yet put his harsh rhetoric into practice, but this might change quite soon, Braml said.
"I assume that not only the new National Security Adviser John Bolton, but also [CIA chief] Mike Pompeo are very critical of Iran. Don't be surprised if the nuclear deal with Iran is canceled in May. After that, there are quite few options left: Either America lives with the nuclearization of Iran, or it suggests preventive measures. I suspect the latter is more likely," the researcher stated.
New refugee movements
According to Braml, Iran could become another hotspot in the Middle East, if the worst scenario takes place. That would further destabilize the region and trigger new refugee movements toward Western countries.
At the same time, Washington won't be affected by these developments due to its distant geographic location, and the main burden of the migration crisis will again lie on Europe, he argued.
Domestic Benefits for Trump
In addition, such a turn of events might prove beneficial for US President Donald Trump, Braml argued.
In his opinion, Trump needs an external threat to maintain his position in the country.
"It could help unite the country and yet again win over its population," the analyst concluded.
Trump has repeatedly criticized the JCPOA — negotiated by the previous US President Barack Obama's administration — as being perhaps the worst deal in US history and threatened to withdraw the United States from the agreement if it was not amended.
On July 14, 2015, China, Germany, France, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States — collectively referred to as the P5+1 group — signed the JCPOA with Iran. The accord stipulated a gradual lifting of anti-Iran sanctions in exchange for Tehran maintaining the peaceful nature of its nuclear program.
A Universal Robots robotic arm is displayed in their office in Singapore March 3, 2017. REUTERS/Edgar Su
SINGAPORE Singapore's $40 billion semiconductor sector averaged more than 57 percent year-on-year growth from October through February, outpacing South Korea, Taiwan and Thailand.
Following are some recent investments in Singapore by foreign semiconductor firms, based on data from the city-state's Economic Development Board.
For related article
2017:
March - German chipmaker Infineon Technologies (IFXGn.DE) says it plans to invest 70 million euros ($76 million) over five years to develop a "smart factory" in Singapore. Infineon's Singapore production will be linked in real-time to production sites elsewhere, with an increasingly automated assembly line.
2016:
September - Micron Technology Inc (MU.O) unveils a $4 billion expanded NAND flash memory fabrication facility, which will produce the latest 3D NAND flash memory, creating 500 new jobs.
February - Linear Technology Corp opens its third semiconductor test facility, which cost about $13.6 million and will employ 400-500 more staff within 5-6 years. The additional 8,083 square meters (87,000 sq ft) space will allow Linear to increase its semiconductor test capacity by 45 percent. Singapore will account for 90 percent of the firm's global test requirements.
2015:
April - Dutch chipmaker NXP Semiconductors (NXPI.O) commits $15.8 million in a Smart Mobility Testbed to test and develop vehicle-to-everything technology, enabling cars to communicate with each other and designated roadside infrastructure.
2014:
July - Taiwanese chip designer MediaTek (2454.TW) says it will invest close to $180 million in an integrated chip design center, increasing staff by 100 to more than 300, who will design products used in smartphones, tablets and Internet of Things (IoT) devices.
June - Realtek (2379.TW), a fabless semiconductor firm, announces a $130 million investment to establish its 75-staff research and integrated chip design center, where it will develop advanced network processors used in networking equipment such as WiFi routers and solutions for IoT applications in homes and wearable devices.
(Reporting by Aradhana Aravindan and Masayuki Kitano; Editing by Ian Geoghegan)
We should learn to speak as soon as we learn to talk. I hope the reader forgive me for the wordplay, but more often than not, we find out that our friends and colleagues do not listen to themselves – and if they did, they'd be appalled! We hope this Gentleman's Gazette article helps you to remember some guidelines for a proper gentleman's speech, which, we are sure, you did learn before.
Jonathan Swift's Polite Conversation
One of the Gulliver's Travels author last works, A Complete Collection of Genteel and Ingenious Conversation (published in 1738), assembles a list of mortal sins against the art of conversation, which remain valid these days. I'll list them and make some comments.
Lack of attention of the listener
More common than we may think, this peccadillo is rude to the speaker and is equivalent to say, “what is on my mind is more important than what you are saying.” If you are talking to someone, forget the screen – of your phone, tablet, computer, whatever – and look at the interlocutor.
In the book The Active Listener, the author – Rodrigo Crespo – says that “active listening requires a considerable amount of effort to enable us to concentrate on the verbal communication and body language of our interlocutor.” No matter how unattractive the subject or how monotonous the rhythm of the speaker, pull up your focus and show you are interested.
Interrupting the speaker or talking at the same time
Yes, I know: everybody is in a hurry these days. But in a conversation, interruptions suggest that you have something more important to say than your interlocutor, an attitude inexcusable for a gentleman. Wait until the speaker finishes the argument and then talk. Try to control your anxiety.
If you are on a business or office meeting, take a notepad along and make notes of points you wish to make regarding what is being said; when the occasion arises, express your own position about the subject.
Showing off one's wit or culture
An uncalled-for exhibition of erudition and unbecoming a gentleman. If you are among friends, they know you know certain subjects well, and so you don't need to show off.
Or you may have a limited or “almanac” knowledge about a subject and, unknowingly, you have an expert on the same subject at the table. If you start to talk about that theme as if you were a Nobel Prize winner on it, the expert may cut you down to size and you will not feel good.
A good example that comes to mind concerns Milton Berle, who loved Cuban cigars. He was buying H. Upmann cigars at Saks Fifth Avenue just before the Cuban Embargo. He told this story to Cigar Aficionado:
“When I went into Saks and asked if they had any Upmanns, the salesman said he had a few left. I told him to trot them out, as I'd like to sample one. Which I did. But after a couple of puffs, I pronounced, ‘this is not an Upmann.' The salesman, a very polite young man, insisted that it was. ‘Well, it doesn't taste like an Upmann,' I told him. Now there was a guy with a little mustache sitting on a couch nearby. He interrupted me and said, ‘that's an Upmann.' Well, I got testy and cracked, ‘who asked you? I'm buying cigars, and I'm an expert on Upmanns. And I can tell you this is not an Upmann. I don't know what it is, but this is not an Upmann.' The guy on the couch said, ‘but I can tell you it is an Upmann.' Finally, I turned to him and yelled, ‘will you shut up? I've had enough of you. Who the hell are you, anyway?' And he turned to me with a straight face and said, ‘my name is Upmann. H. Upmann. And my father started the Upmann Cigar Company.' I was never so embarrassed in my life. I felt like crawling out of the place.”
And if you are among acquaintances or colleagues, just let them know – shall it be the case – that you know a thing or two about the subject in question and that you will be glad to deepen it. Try to assess the depth of the conversation and do not force the tone up or down if not needed.
Egoism
Needless to say, a good conversation is a two-way street. Do not try to monopolize the subject, and even more so, do not make yourself the main (or sole!) theme of the talk. Even if your professional or personal accomplishments are notable, everyone has nice, sometimes fascinating, stories to tell.
Trying to dominate the conversation or its subject
It seems that everybody is out to be a “leader“, even in conversations. A gentleman convinces the interlocutor with arguments and elegance; he does not raise the volume of his voice to force a point: it is annoying, not elegant. As Glenn O'Brien says in How to Be a Man,
“How often have we encountered a fellow with an “outdoor voice” and wished he had a volume-control knob? Talking too loudly is a basic offense, like standing too closely: it violates the physical conventions of human interaction. Of course, the loud talker is probably unaware of his offense, and it may actually result from his being hard of hearing, but as often as not it results from a bombastic temperament given to boast and bluster.”
Pedantry
Akin to exhibitionism, pedant is the individual with “a slavish attention to rules, details, etc.”, according to The Free Dictionary; the Oxford dictionary goes the same way, saying it is “an excessive concern with minor details and rules.” It may be a teacher's or professor's habit to correct the students, but if you are not in a classroom, control the impulse. In a professional setting, do not correct your colleagues in front of others, even if you are hierarchically above them. Ask for a private meeting and say something like, “I believe you may be mistaken as to (this or that). Please, check the (numbers or facts) again.”
Lack of continuity in the conversation
Some people interrupt a given line of thought in a conversation to talk about something that “has just occurred to me” or to smoke a cigarette outside. This attitude is a conversation killer, to be avoided at all costs.
A permanent jocosity
Our world is certainly less formal and more democratic than our grandparent's, but that does not mean you are free to make jokes about everything being said. Over time, this behavior will make you known as “the club (or office, or college) clown”, and you will have a hard time trying to be taken seriously – even when you are dead serious.
A contradiction spirit
Some people think that a constant questioning is an evidence of intelligence and wit, but nothing could be further from the truth: it just begets a tense and heavy climate. There is nothing wrong in questioning something every now and then, and you may even insist a little. More than this, only among close friends; otherwise, you will be inconvenient.
Exposing an argument in a frenzied way
You damage your case, to use a legal jargon. Breathe deeply, organize your thoughts, then speak.
By the way, don't talk too much, in a non-stop way. There is a saying in sales that apply to many social and professional situations: “shut up after the sale”. Once someone has agreed to something, stop talking. The more you say, the more opportunities they have to change their minds.
Bringing in personal subjects in detriment of general ones
Paraphrasing Mr. Spock's famous quote, “The interests of the many outweigh the interests of the few.” Your recent surgery, the cute tricks of your dog, pictures of your daughter making saliva bubbles are themes not too worthy of attention from your party at a restaurant or from your friends at their place. Try to keep the conversation around general interest themes.
Talking about this, some say that the British liked to wear a tuxedo in social situations because this garment is unbefitting with “business talk”. Thus, gentlemen would feel free to talk about more pleasant subjects, such as horses and women – which, as everybody knows, are the national preferences, in that order…
Avoid dead-end answers
Use these (simple “yes” or “no” answers) only if you are trying to shut down a conversation. Otherwise, elaborate your answers in a way that keeps the exchange going.
Themes to avoid
Since everybody today lives under a certain stress, it is wise to avoid heavy, destructive, negative or unpleasant subjects: diseases, bankruptcy, neighborhood violence, etc. (In Brazil, they say that one should not talk about religion, politics or soccer, but the last two are almost the sole conversation subjects… It seems that we just can't help it!)
Also, avoid being the spoilsport. Yes, some people smoke, some are fond of a good spirit, some are keen on a juicy steak – things that bring (or at least seem to bring) pleasure. If you managed to quit tobacco or became a vegetarian, good for you. But don't turn your victory into somebody else's gloom!
On jokes
There was a time when it was normal for one to tell sexist or racist jokes among friends. Times have changed and many people are aware of the impropriety of those jokes. Do not tell them and do not encourage friends or colleagues who tell them; if someone asks why you are not laughing, just say it is not your kind of humor. It is about time we change things for the better.
Also, avoid gross, pornographic or tasteless jokes. Try to imagine your teenage daughter (or a friend's) around your group: would you still tell this or that joke to the group? A gentleman should have good taste in every circumstance; there is no such thing as a part-time gentleman.
Finally, avoid the “joke competition”, as in “that is funny, but wait until you guys listen to this one”.
On slang and jargon
Slang is a set of expressions that identify a certain age group. And if you begin to use certain slang expressions, the older members of your group will resent the fact that they are “outsiders” for not knowing what you are talking about. Inversely, if you are older, using the slang of your own youth will instantly “date” you, with undesirable consequences. Besides, slang limits your vocabulary.
Another bad speech habit is the use of “filler” words or sounds. According to an article by dictionary.com, “crutch words slip into sentences in order to give the speaker more time to think or to emphasize a statement. Over time, they become unconscious verbal tics. Most often, crutch words do not add meaning to a statement.” So, when you are elaborating your reasoning and suddenly you miss the best word, make a short pause instead of using an “um”, “you know”, “like”, etc. But make it too long and you will sound like Colin Firth in The King's Speech!
Foreign languages
Eça de Queiroz was one of the greatest Portuguese writers, and in one of his books, he exhorts us to speak badly – as a noble patriot should – any foreign language. As romantic as that notion may sound, we live in a global society. You may have friends or business associates in other countries and it is a nice touch to study and memorize at least one or two phrases to use with them: it is a sign of attention and respect.
The best example may be the French, who are known – with a certain degree of truth – for being zealous of their language, treating with condescendence English speakers, for instance. So, instead of waiting for a bad attitude from the French the next time you visit Paris, memorize some phrases or expressions for your daily needs (bonjour, bon soir, merci, s'il vous plaît, etc.) and the Golden Key: désolé, mon Français est nul, est-ce que vous parlez Anglais? (sorry, my French is bad, do you speak English?) Check to pronounce with Google Translator.
Conclusion
Perhaps you were not the valedictorian of your class, but that does not exempt you from knowing the main tips for a good communication with people around you, in any situation.
Practice before a mirror to check your body language and see if your words and your body convey the same message. And never be afraid of saying, “I don't know”. Nobody knows everything – but you may always check with Google and return with an answer…
Maks Chmerkovskiy is soaking up every precious moment with his baby boy.
The Dancing With the Stars pro, 38, shared an adorable video starring his and wife Peta Murgatroyd's 1-year-old son Shai Aleksander on Friday as the pair took a walk together down their driveway.
And shortly after the video begins, the twosome share a sweet moment when Chmerkovskiy offers his finger and Shai gently grabs hold of it.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
RELATED VIDEO: #DaddyDuties Maks Chmerkovskiy Talks Balancing DWTS & Fatherhood!
For more coverage, follow our babies magazine on Flipboard.
But after dropping an item he was holding, Shai lets go of his dad, and despite Chmerkovskiy's best effort to get him to “take my finger” again, Shai just starts walking back to the house.
Maks Chmerkovskiy
Shrugging at the camera, the DWTS pro follows his son's lead and heads back too.
“Going for actual walks now….kind of,” he captioned the video on social media. “My heart feels like it's exploding with love for this little human! 💕”
RELATED: The Sweetest Pics of Maks & Peta's Baby Boy Shai
Celebrating his son's first birthday in January, the proud papa was bursting with joy as he shared a sweet tribute on social media.
“HAPPY 1st BIRTHDAY Shai Aleksander Chmerkovskiy! 🍰 🎁 🎂 🍾 🎊 🎉 🎇 @petamurgatroyd and I can't believe it's been a year already and would like to ask you to stop growing so fast!” he wrote alongside a video of his son talking on a toy phone.
“May you always be healthy, happy and curious! Now please get off the phone so we can tell you this!” he continued.
Murgatroyd also celebrated their son's first birthday, sharing a photo of the family of three taken shortly after the 31-year-old had given birth last year.
“Happy 1st Birthday my sweet Shai Aleksander 🎉” she captioned the sentimental snap.
RELATED: Peta Murgatroyd Says ‘Child Proofing Has Begun' as Son Shai Attempts to Open Drawers in Cute Video
Chmerkovskiy and Murgatroyd met in 2009 when they were both cast in the Broadway production of Burn the Floor, but it took years for that friendship to blossom into something more.
“I think it's awesome we have a massive history,” Chmerkovskiy told PEOPLE in December 2015. “It'll make a great story to tell our kids one day.”
“She's my best friend,” he added of his then bride-to-be. “She makes me a better man.”
It may be the start of 2017, but it's a throwback to the '90s on Today.
Katie Couric, who co-anchored the morning show from 1991 to 2006, returned to fill in for Savannah Guthrie, who is on maternity leave after welcoming her second child, son Charley, last month.
The 59-year-old TV personality, who will be hosting the show all week, took her place at the anchor desk alongside longtime co-host Matt Lauer.
“Welcome back to Studio 1A, January 1997, apparently?” Lauer joked.
“It just feels like I never left,” Couric said, later adding that her side of the desk was still a “pigsty” while Lauer's setup was “all neat and tidy.”
The duo shared a clip of themselves on Lauer's first day on the job back in 1997, with Couric joking that they had the same hair do.
“Not anymore for me,” Lauer remarked, pointing to his shaved head.
Couric had some fun upon her return, even joining in an a cappella rendition of Whitney Houston's “I Wanna Dance With Somebody” out in Rockefeller Plaza.
Flashback! @mlauer and @katiecouric together at the TODAY anchor desk in 1997 and this morning in 2017! pic.twitter.com/g4zBrnHDlB — TODAY (@TODAYshow) January 2, 2017
A little rain isn't going to spoil the fun on the plaza during @katiecouric's return! pic.twitter.com/AiCyFJVuvp — TODAY (@TODAYshow) January 2, 2017
One segment of the show even featured Dr. Mehmet Oz speaking about health changes that come with aging, as Couric's 60th birthday is on Saturday. Earlier in the show, Couric jokingly covered Lauer's mouth when he brought up the upcoming birthday.
On Sunday, Couric shared a photo on Twitter of her phone alarm set for 4:30 a.m.
“Seriously? See you early and hopefully bright!” she captioned the shot.
Couric joined Today in 1989 as a special correspondent, eventually taking a spot as co-anchor in 1991 until 2006 when she left to anchor the CBS Evening News, becoming the first solo female anchor of the “big three” weekday nightly news broadcasts. While she's returned to the NBC show on occasion, this is the first time she'll resume her spot as a co-host.
A video published Thursday appeared to show Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif chanting “Death to America,” “Death to Britain,” and “Death to Israel” during an address by the Islamic Republic's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei in Tehran.
The crowd of people, which appeared to be absent of “moderates,” also called for “death to those who oppose the rule of the Islamic jurist” and “death to Muslims who don't support us,” which includes nearly half, if not more, of Iran's population.
Everyone's justifiably focused on @JZarif chanting “death to America”, but just as disturbing and more important to understanding Iran's regional policy are the chants of “death to those that don't support the rule of the Islamic jurist” and “deth to Muslims who don't support us” https://t.co/OGDC14QvMT — فيصل بن فرحان (@FaisalbinFarhan) May 27, 2018
According to Arutz Sheva News, “Other senior Iranian officials were also in attendance during the chant, including Ali Akbar Salehi, the head of Iran's nuclear program, and the chief of Iran's Revolutionary Guard, Mohammed Bakri.”
In 2013, Suzanne Maloney of the Brookings Institution wrote of Zarif, “During his tenure as Iran's representative to the United Nations in New York, Zarif established a reputation as a thoughtful and reasoned spokesman for a government pursuing policies that were often anything but.” Her article's title called Zarif “Washington's Favorite Iranian.”
On May 8, President Donald Trump withdrew the United States from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), or Iran nuclear deal, by reimposing sanctions on Khamenei's personal empire and Iran's Central Bank, which directly funds and finances Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) and its nefarious activity abroad.
On May 21, Zarif blasted America's diplomacy as a “sham,” and tweeted, “US diplomacy sham is merely a regression to old habits: imprisoned by delusions & failed policies—dictated by corrupt Special Interest—it repeats the same wrong choices and will thus reap the same ill rewards. Iran, meanwhile, is working with partners for post-US JCPOA solutions”:
US diplomacy sham is merely a regression to old habits: imprisoned by delusions & failed policies—dictated by corrupt Special Interest—it repeats the same wrong choices and will thus reap the same ill rewards. Iran, meanwhile, is working with partners for post-US JCPOA solutions. — Javad Zarif (@JZarif) May 21, 2018
Iran is struggling to keep the Iran deal intact without the United States, looking to China and other European signatories to save it.
Last week, Ynet News reported that “Khamenei set out seven conditions for Tehran to stay in its nuclear deal with world powers, including steps by European banks to safeguard trade with Tehran.”
Zarif served as Iran's ambassador to the United Nations from 2002 to 2007. The United Staes Institute for Peace noted that during that time, he “attempted to improve relations with the West, including the United States.”
Adelle Nazarian is a politics and national security reporter for Breitbart News. Follow her on Facebook and Twitter.
The mobile phone case has metal prongs that automatically spring open when it's dropped
Published 2:14 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines - People drop their mobile phones all the time. This is why phonemakers spend millions of dollars on research and development that supposedly improve your phone's durability. So far, however, no test or material has fully protected phones from breaking when dropped.
The problem gave one German engineering student the idea to invent a “mobile airbag” that could possibly save you from expensive repair costs and replacement parts.
Philip Frenzel, a student from Aalen University in Germany, created a case with metal prongs that automatically spring open when it's dropped. Like a conventional airbag, the case breaks the phone's fall and absorbs a lot of the impact, preventing damage.
Here's a demo video of it in action:
German-language publication, Preview Online said that Frenzel won an award from the German Mechatronics Society for his invention. He has patented the idea and is expecting to launch a Kickstarter campaign by next month to hopefully get the case out to the public. – Rappler.com
LONDON | The Spice Girls have confirmed plans to work together for the first time in six years, though details of the projects remain undisclosed.
Photos released Friday showed a meeting of Victoria “Posh Spice” Beckham, Melanie “Sporty Spice” Chisholm, Emma “Baby Spice” Bunton, Melanie “Scary Spice” Brown and Geri “Ginger Spice” Horner.
FILE - In this Sunday, Aug. 12, 2012 file photo, British band 'The Spice Girls' perform during the Closing Ceremony at the 2012 Summer Olympics, in London. All five former members of the Spice Girls have met up amid rumors of a plan to reunite the girl-power group.Photos posted by several group members on social media showed Victoria "Posh Spice" Beckham, Melanie "Sporty Spice" Chisholm, Emma "Baby Spice" Bunton, Melanie "Scary Spice" Brown and Geri "Ginger Spice" Horner. They had been seen earlier Friday, Feb. 2, 2018 arriving at Horner's home north of London, along with former manager Simon Fuller. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham, file)
Publicist Jo Milloy later released a statement saying “the time now feels right to explore some incredible new opportunities together.”
It said new projects would “embrace the original essence of the Spice Girls, while reinforcing our message of female empowerment for future generations.”
The Sun newspaper says projects could include a TV talent show, though it said Saturday a live tour isn't planned.
The Spice Girls were a 1990s phenomenon, and last reunited at the 2012 London Olympics.
Review of national security legislation comes on the heels of the damaging Windrush Scandal that rocked the government of Theresa May and threatened her hold on the Prime Ministership.
The government of the United Kingdom has agreed to conduct a review of national security legislation enabling people to be deported for posing a "terrorist threat" after revelations in the British press of the power being repeatedly misused.
Section 322 (5) of the Immigration Act allows for an individual deemed to pose a risk involving terrorist activity to be deported from the United Kingdom.
Just on Tuesday, the new Home Secretary Sajid Javid admitted in a letter to the House of Commons Select Committee that around 20 highly skilled UK residents had been wrongfully deported under the measure. Around 1,000 highly skilled individuals are currently facing deportation from the country under the controversial legislation.
The government have been using sections of Immigration Act to deport highly skilled migrants forced from UK… this is complete madness — these are the very people we need in our country to help rebuild our economy after the stupidity of Brexit https://t.co/eptYKLjJU5 — Paul Singh (@Paul1Singh) May 30, 2018
Government U-turn over anti-terror law used to deport migrants
Section of Immigration Act to be reviewed after misuse of clause saw highly skilled migrants forced from UK
https://t.co/IoPONBRI7n — Peter Timmins #FBPE (@petertimmins3) May 30, 2018
Roman Abramovich as an Israel citizen will not need a visa to enter UK on visit for 6 months. However, I do not think that the UK Government will let him make a mockery of UK Immigration law. — Thomas Ddumba (@tomddumba) May 28, 2018
The government's U-turn comes in the aftermath of the Windrush Scandal, which claimed the job of Home Secretary Amber Rudd and raised questions over Prime Minister Theresa May's position due to her implementation of the policy during her tenure in the role.
The "Windrush Generation" refers to immigrants from former British Colonies, mostly in the Caribbean, in the post-war decades and were granted indefinite leave to remain but have never acquired citizenship.
BERN, April 28 The Swiss National Bank has all the tools it needs to conduct policy, Chairman Thomas Jordan said on Friday, dismissing a campaign that would make the SNB alone responsible for creating the country's money.
"We are convinced we have all the instruments we need to implement our monetary policy. We don't need the sovereign money initiative. What we have functions quite well. We don't want to experiment where we don't know what the final outcome would be," he told the SNB's annual shareholder meeting in response to a question.
A Swiss group pushing the initiative has collected enough signatures necessary to put the matter to a popular vote. The group says the current fractional reserve system - where banks "create" money each time they issue loans - is unstable because it is secured by reserves representing just a fraction of the currency actually created by the SNB.
(Reporting by John Revill; Editing by Michael Shields)
Workers at Aquarium Adventure-Columbus recently got a look at what happens when feeding time is a little behind for Motoro stingray Penny.
Clinging to the tank's edge, the stingray is seen spewing water at anyone within range. Though the spouts start off light, the video ends after she shows the workers what she's actually capable of.
While we know stingrays love their moisture, Penny doesn't play about her food! Even her parrot fish tank buddy is visibly worried!
The Chinese Foreign Ministry has welcomed basketball player Dennis Rodman's fifth visit to North Korea, responding that both his presence there and the release of American citizen Otto Warmbier on Tuesday were “surely a positive move.”
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang responded to a question from a reporter who wondered whether “this move,” referring to both Rodman's presence in North Korea and Warmbier's release, “corresponds with China's position to resolve the Korean nuclear issue peacefully through dialogue and consultation.”
Lu refused to speculate on whether Rodman's visit was related to Warmbier's release (he issued his report before the U.S. State Department confirmed that the two incidents were unrelated). “But my feeling is that this is surly [sic] a positive move,” he said, adding, “we welcome and support the US and the DPRK, as two parties directly involved in the Korean nuclear issue, in strengthening mutual understanding and mutual trust through dialogues and contacts.”
The South Korean news agency Yonhap adds that Lu stated China “consistently” supported peaceful dialogue between the two countries. China is North Korea's largest trade partner and one of its few remaining allies on the international stage with significant diplomatic leverage. North Korea also boasts alliances with Cuba, Venezuela, Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad, and some small African nations.
The Trump administration has prioritized preventing North Korea from acquiring a nuclear weapon and increased diplomatic contact with China in the hope of having the fellow communist neighbor exert a positive influence on Pyongyang.
In April, following President Xi Jinping's visit to America, Trump said that he was willing to make “not as good a trade deal” with China of Beijing agreed to curb North Korea's increasingly belligerent behavior. China canceled shipments of North Korean coal for the rest of 2017 that month, enforcing existing United Nations sanctions and incurring the wrath of the bellicose North Korean state media.
Rodman landed in Pyongyang on Tuesday, shortly before news of Warmbier's release hit international news outlets.
Rodman told reporters he is on a “peace and love” mission, funded by the cannabis digital currency company PotCoin.com, but neither the company nor Rodman himself has specified what he intends to achieve in the country. Rodman has spent significant time with both dictator Kim Jong-un and President Trump in person, having organized a basketball game for the former's birthday during his last visit to the country and competed in two seasons of Celebrity Apprentice.
Before arriving in Pyongyang from China, Rodman told reporters that he did not intend to advocate for fellow Americans taken hostage by the Kim regime. “Well that's not my purpose right now… My purpose is to go over there and try to see if I can keep bringing sports to North Korea,” he said. He added that he believed Trump was “happy at the fact that I'm over here trying to accomplish something that we both need.”
The State Department has said they are aware of Rodman's visit, while warning U.S. citizens against traveling to the country due to its rampant disregard for human rights and repeated arbitrary arrests of Americans.
Three Americans – Kim Hak Song, Kim Sang Duk, and Kim Dong-chul – remain hostages of the North Korean regime for a number of alleged crimes against the communist government.
In Pyongyang, Rodman told reporters, “I'm just here to see some friends and have a good time.” Rodman shook hands with North Korean Vice Minister of Sports Son Kwang, who met him at the airport. On Wednesday, Rodman “watched a women's basketball team practice at a gym Wednesday and visited the birthplace of North Korean founder Kim Il Sung,” according to the Associated Press.
Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.
This is not a distinction any country wants. India's toxic air is now contributing to nearly 1.1 million deaths a year, and the country is on its way toward standing alone as the site of the deadliest air pollution problem on the planet.
We've all seen pictures of Chinese cities blanketed in smog, and China's air pollution has been the world's worst for years in terms of the number of premature deaths it causes. But it's now roughly tied with India, and the two countries appear headed in opposite directions, according to a new report on global air quality released Tuesday.
The study, a joint effort between the Health Effects Institute in Boston and the Seattle-based Institute of Health Metrics and Evaluation, suggests that since 1990, developed countries like the U.S. and much of Europe have made continued strides in cleaning up their air. And while China has been the poster child for foul air for years, strong government regulation has leveled off its overall deaths attributable to air pollution over the last five years, while the death rate has been on a steady downward trend.
Not so for India. From 2010 to 2015, the number of premature deaths caused by air pollution each year has gone from 957,000 to about 1.1 million. While the death rate has remained the same, several factors—including rapid industrialization, a heavy reliance on coal for energy, population growth, and an aging populace that is more vulnerable to the effects of air pollution—have combined to create what one researcher told the New York Times was “the perfect storm for India.”
Of course, India is far from the only country that needs to think hard about the detrimental health effects of polluted air as it pursues economic growth. A report in the Guardian on Monday found that air pollution is so bad in many cities that the physical benefits of cycling get erased after just 30 minutes of breathing in the microscopic particles that are the main contributor to air-pollution-related deaths.
(Read more: The New York Times, The Guardian, “Can Machine Learning Help Lift China's Smog?,” “How Dirty Is Your Air?”)
Recent news:
R&Q enters two UK motor underwriting agreements
Catrin Shi 11 December 2017
Randall & Quilter's (R&Q) Malta subsidiary has established delegated underwriting agreements with UK motor insurance providers Xpekt and Blagrove Underwriting Agency.
Xpekt is a UK motor MGA specialising in rural private and commercial vehicles, motorcycles and specialist vehicles with anticipated annualised gross written premium (GWP) of £15.6mn ($20.9mn).
UK fleet motor specialist Blagrove has expected annualised GWP of £11.6mn.
These programmes are in addition to the UK motor book being written with Eridge Underwriting Agency and the Irish motor book...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
April 12 Global One Real Estate Investment Corp
* Says it will issue 28,600 new units at the price of 362,670 yen per unit through public offering
* Says a total of 10.37 billion yen will be raised
* Subscription period from April 13 to April 14 and payment on April 19
* Says it will issue new units at the price of 362,670 yen per unit, for up to 544 million yen in total ,through a private placement
* Subscription on May 15 and payment on May 16
* Proceeds will be used to repay loan and to acquire property
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/lSjlL9
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A former Facebook top executive has advised users to take a break from using social media altogether saying it is “eroding human interaction” and decried the tech giant's role in the decline of civility, media reports said.
Chamath Palihapitiya, who joined Facebook in 2007 and became its vice president for user growth, said he feels “tremendous guilt” about Facebook's ability to manipulate people.
“I think we have created tools that are ripping apart the social fabric of how society works,” he told an audience at the Stanford Graduate School of Business.
He then advised people to take a “hard break” from social media.
© AP Photo/ Marcio Jose Sanchez Australia Set to Investigate Tech Titans Google, Facebook Over Their Impact on News Market
“The short-term, dopamine-driven feedback loops that we have created are destroying how society works. No civil discourse, no cooperation, misinformation, mistruth,” said Palihapitiya in remarks carried by the tech website the Verge
Chamath Palihapitiya resigned from his Facebook post in 2011.
He added that people are actually being “programmed” by social networks without even knowing it.
His criticism was aimed not only at Facebook, but other social networks as well. The scale and power of these networks, he warned, allows evil agents to influence massive swaths of users, artificially skewing elections and the public's perception of important issues, stocknews.com wrote.
Palihapitiya's eye-opening comments came just a day after Facebook's founding president, Sean Parker, turned Facebook into a multi-billion dollar business with two billion users to date, admitted that he and Mark Zuckerberg had created a monster by “exploiting a vulnerability in human psychology.”
READ MORE: Facebook Psychological Targeting Helps Influence People's Feelings — Scholar
Social networking companies have recently come under increased scrutiny in Europe and the US with politicians and regulators considering their role in stocking up political divisions across the world through the use of popular platforms that dominate online discourse.
Last weekend at the Sun Arena in Time Square, Pretoria, the curtains closed on the annual glitzy and glamorous Miss SA Pageant 2018.
With a sense of pride and awe, the vision of local residents tunnelled in on 23-year-old Chatsworth born, Karishma Ramdev, who made it to the Top 5 in the competition.
Speaking to The Chatsworth Tabloid, post-competition, Ramdev, said, “I am eternally grateful to the Miss South Africa organisation for the opportunity of a lifetime and I feel so blessed to have been on this experience. I am returning to my medical studies now to complete my fifth year and I am so excited to become a doctor in the near future. I know that the journey ahead of me is one that is so bright and I trust and have faith in the process. It's only onwards and upwards from here.”
During previous finals, the Top 12 finalists were reduced to five. From the Top five,
the second princess was announced, followed by the first princess, and then the winner.
This year, being the 60th year of Miss SA, the organisers went straight to the Top two finalists' announcement following the Top five cut. Among the top two, 26-year-old Fourways resident, Thulisa Keyi, was selected as Miss World South Africa, while 23-year-old Paarl resident, Tamaryn Green, was selected as Miss Universe South Africa.
Both winners will represent the country globally at the respective competitions. As only one Miss South Africa can reign, after a final determining question, Green was crowned as Miss South Africa 2018. Ramdev expressed her happiness and pride on Twitter for the two winners, by sharing a selfie accompanied by kind and encouraging words for the ladies who will go on to represent the country on a global stage.
SEATTLE — Shohei Ohtani, the Angels' two-way star who is still unable to throw while waiting for his damaged ulnar collateral ligament to heal, was activated on Tuesday to join the lineup as a designated hitter. Ohtani will bat sixth Tuesday night against the Mariners.
Ohtani, who was hitting .289 with six homers and a .907 OPS, could give a boost to an Angels lineup that has struggled to consistently produce.
Ohtani was cleared to hit on Thursday, after doctors determined that enough healing had occurred with his elbow that swinging was not a risk. He will be re-evaluated in just over two weeks to see how he's progressing towards being able to pitch.
The Angels also recalled right-hander Miguel Almonte, who had been claimed on waivers in April. They optioned pitchers Deck McGuire and Eduardo Paredes.
More to come on this story.
ORLANDO — A Florida man was arrested Friday in Orlando and charged with stalking and attempting to kidnap singer Lana Del Rey, the city's police department said.
Police say 43-year-old Michael Hunt of Riverview, Florida, had tickets for the singer's performance at the Amway Center in Orlando.
He was carrying a knife when officers arrested him about a block away from the concert venue on Friday, police said in a statement.
He was not able to make contact with the singer, police said.
Officers tried to locate Hunt hours ahead of the singer's performance after they received a tip about a “possible kidnapping threat” to Del Rey.
Hunt has been charged with aggravated stalking with a credible threat and attempted kidnapping with a weapon, police said.
He is being held at the Orange County Jail with no bond, officials said. It could not be determined Saturday whether he was being represented by an attorney.
“OPD determined this was a credible threat and worked swiftly to ensure the safety of everyone involved and of everyone who attended the show,” police said.
Del Rey is scheduled to perform at Valley View Casino Center in San Diego on February 15.
Moscow, Russia – May 29, 2018 – ElcomSoft Co. Ltd. updates Elcomsoft Explorer for WhatsApp, the company's all-in-one forensic tool for extracting, decrypting and analyzing users' WhatsApp communication histories. The new release can now extract and decrypt information from WhatsApp Business for Android. Supporting physical acquisition from rooted Android handsets as well as stand-alone backups created by Android users in Google Drive, the tool offers full Android support for the Business app.
Physical extraction is possible for rooted Android devices. Cloud extraction requires authenticating into the user's Google account with their login and password; two-factor authentication is supported for protected accounts. Cloud extraction is possible without registering as a new WhatsApp recipient or entering a WhatsApp phone number. With cloud extraction, experts can access Google Drive backups created by all versions of WhatsApp and WhatsApp Business. The tool provides automatic download and decryption for WhatsApp backups and comes with a built-in viewer.
“With more than 10 million installations, WhatsApp Business is clearly a popular tool among small business users”, says Vladimir Katalov, ElcomSoft CEO. “WhatsApp Business protection is different enough of protection methods employed by the original WhatsApp to require an update to our acquisition tool. With our tool, experts can now access Android users' WhatsApp Business communication histories backed up in Google Drive or extract them directly from rooted Android devices.”
Extracting WhatsApp Business Data
Exclusively available to Android users, WhatsApp Business offer a number of features aimed at small business owners. The free Android app allows businesses interact with their customers by using a number of automation tools to quickly find and respond to messages. At this time, WhatsApp Business was downloaded from Google Play Store more than 10 million times.
Elcomsoft Explorer for WhatsApp 2.40 ( https://www.elcomsoft.com/exwa.html ) offers two acquisition methods for WhatsApp Business. The first method relies on root access in the phone being analyzed. With this method, the tool can extract a WhatsApp Business database from Android devices with installed root access. In addition to physical acquisition, Elcomsoft Explorer for WhatsApp supports cloud extraction of WhatsApp Business backups from Google Drive.
Elcomsoft Explorer for WhatsApp 2.40 supports the new authentication method implemented by WhatsApp and WhatsApp Business to protect Google Drive backups. The new authentication method would normally require entering the registered phone number prior to accessing Google Drive backups. Elcomsoft Explorer for WhatsApp 2.40 helps overcome this restriction, enabling access to WhatsApp and WhatsApp Business Google Drive backups without first entering the registered phone number.
A severe flu season is targeting the 2018 Super Bowl, causing fans and even NFL players to come down with the dreaded virus.
ESPN reported that several starters for the Philadelphia Eagles—Tim Jernigan, Mychal Kendricks, and Ronald Darby—missed practice last week because they came down with the flu.
“I'm getting over it right now. It's like a cold, dude. I don't know. The whole team has it, though,” said linebacker Mychal Kendricks, clarifying that he did not mean to say that every team member had the illness. “I don't think it had anything to do with us being out here. I think it started sometime last week. Something we've got to get through. We'll be fine. It's not that big of a deal.”
Fans, especially those traveling to the Super Bowl or congregating in Boston or Philadelphia, are also at increased risk of getting the flu.
A 2016 study from Tulane University researchers found an 18 percent increase in deaths from influenza of people aged 65 and older following the big game in cities where the local team is one of the two teams facing off in the Super Bowl.
The study noted that the increase in flu deaths occurred because people were more likely to travel or congregate in large spaces to cheer on the home team.
Despite the especially virulent flu season, event organizers at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis are taking extra precautions to ward off the virus for the estimated 65,000 fans expected to descend upon the stadium Sunday.
KSTP reported that workers at the Super Bowl Experience have been directed to disinfect the exhibits multiple times each day.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) announced Friday that this year's flu season is showing no signs of slowing down and has been increasing in intensity as of last week.
This year's flu season is considered to be the worst in nearly a decade, as one out of every 14 patients who visited doctors went for flu symptoms.
The last time the flu season was this severe was when the swine flu pandemic of 2009 spread across America.
A Silver Alert has been issued Friday for a 61-year-old woman last seen in northwest Oklahoma City.
Police are looking for Marlene Gay Goodman, last seen about 7 p.m. Thursday at her home in the 12000 block of Surrey Lane. Goodman drove away from the house in a white 2003 Mercury Grand Marquis with Oklahoma license plate No. AGN-304.
Goodman has a medical condition for which she needs medication, police said.
There is no photo available of Goodman at this time.
Anybody with information on her whereabouts should call 911 immediately.
Stay with News 9, News9.com and your News9 app for more details as they're confirmed.
Business Highlights
___
Why they fight: US and China brawl over high technology
WASHINGTON (AP) — To understand why the United States and China stand on the brink of a trade war, consider the near-death experience of American Superconductor Corp. The company, known as AMSC and based in Massachusetts, was reeling after a Chinese partner stole its technology — the electronic brains that run wind turbines. The loss was devastating: AMSC's stock shed $1 billion in value, and the company cut 700 jobs, more than half its workforce.
___
How much house you can afford depends on where you live
How much home can you afford? It depends on where you live. Someone earning a typical income in Decatur, Illinois, can afford a typical home relatively easily. But homes in San Jose, California, are hard to afford. Here are some of the most and least affordable housing markets.
___
How much all-seeing AI surveillance is too much?
BOSTON (AP) — Advances in the field of computer vision have accelerated the race for self-driving cars, powered popular photo-tagging features on Facebook or Google and spawned the no-checkout retail store. But the creepier uses of artificial intelligence systems that interpret the real world have given some startups qualms. Some are saying no to lucrative markets that feel a little too much like "1984."
___
Former Malaysian leader arrested, to be charged with graft
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak was arrested Tuesday by anti-graft investigators and will be charged over his alleged role in the multibillion-dollar looting of a state investment fund, officials said. A government task force probing alleged theft and money laundering at the 1MDB state investment fund said Najib's arrest was linked to the suspicious transfer of 42 million ringgits ($10.6 million) into his bank account from SRC International, a former 1MDB unit.
___
Iran issues oil warning as the UAE says production can rise
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — Iran has issued a new warning over Mideast oil supplies. Meanwhile, the United Arab Emirates said on Tuesday that it could increase its own production. These are the latest remarks to follow President Donald Trump's demand for lower global energy prices from OPEC. U.S. benchmark crude is now trading around $75 a barrel.
___
Trump courting other motorcycle companies after Harley
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says the administration is in talks with motorcycle companies that want to move to the U.S. after Harley-Davidson said it will move some assembly overseas. Harley-Davidson drew Trump's wrath after it announced the move and blamed it on tariffs imposed by the European Union to retaliate for tariffs imposed by Trump.
___
Need a loan? Advice? Many business owners give staffers help
NEW YORK (AP) — When staffers need loans or personal advice, many business owners willingly will lend money or give emotional support. These owners want a friendly, relaxed atmosphere, unlike the ambience of a big corporation. They also want staffers to feel validated and appreciated; owners are aware that employees are less likely to leave when they're being treated well. But labor lawyers warn there can be legal consequences when a boss is generous and staffers who didn't benefit feel discriminated against.
___
Report: Federal Facebook probe now includes FBI, SEC
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Washington Post reports that a federal probe into Facebook's sharing of user data with Cambridge Analytica now involves the FBI, the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Justice Department. The Post report said representatives from those agencies have joined the Federal Trade Commission in examining the actions and statements of Facebook and its executives, including CEO Mark Zuckerberg. It cited five unnamed people familiar with the matter. Facebook says it is cooperating.
___
US stocks finish lower in light trading ahead of US holiday
U.S. stocks closed lower Tuesday following a swift sell-off in the final minutes of a shortened trading session ahead of the Independence Day holiday. The losses snapped a three-day winning streak for the stock market, wiping out modest gains from earlier in the day. Technology companies and banks led the market slide, outweighing gains in health care and energy stocks.
___
What's new for Amazon's Prime Day? Deals at Whole Foods
NEW YORK (AP) — Amazon's Prime Day deals are coming to the aisles of Whole Foods as the online retailer seeks to lure more people to its Prime membership after recently hiking up the price. This year's sales event, which starts July 16, will be six hours longer than last year's and offer new products that can't yet be bought elsewhere. Amazon is hoping it can keep Prime attractive for current and would-be subscribers after raising the annual membership fee by 20 percent to $119.
___
Brazilian businessman Eike Batista convicted of corruption
São Paulo (AP) — A Brazilian businessman who amassed and then lost a multi-billion-dollar fortune has been convicted of corruption and sentenced to 30 years in jail. Eike Batista was found guilty of paying around $16.5 million in bribes to the former governor of Rio de Janeiro to gain an advantage in government contracts.
___
The S&P 500 index fell 13.49 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,713.22. The Dow Jones Industrial Average slid 132.36 points, or 0.5 percent, to 24,174.82. The Nasdaq lost 65.01 points, or 0.9 percent, to 7,502.67. The Russell 2000 index picked up 5.33 points, or 0.3 percent, to 1,660.42.
Benchmark U.S. crude added 20 cents to $74.14 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 46 cents to $77.76 a barrel in London. Heating oil gained 1 cent to $2.16 a gallon. Wholesale gasoline added a penny to $2.12 a gallon. Natural gas rose a penny to $2.87 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – A city councillor says the numbers of women on long-term waiting lists for gynaecology services at UHG has reached outrageous levels.
Sinn Fein councillor Mairead Farrell says figures for last month show that 87 women have been waiting longer than a year for an inpatient gynaecology appointment at the hospital.
She claims a further 238 women are waiting over 18 months for oupatient appointments – and both figures have risen sharply since 2015.
The Sinn Fein councillor argues the figure has been steadily disimproving year on year as a result of chronic underfunding across the State.
Councillor Farrell says services are severely understaffed.
Beds Senior Trophy, second round: Totternhoe 4 Queens Park 0
Totternhoe cruised into the second round of the Bedfordshire Senior Trophy after a comfortable 4-0 win against Bedfordshire Premier Division side Queens Park Crescents.
The hosts started the game well and raced into a 2-0 lead after early on as firstly Andy Cleere finished well on two minutes, before Daniel Dyer headed home a Ash Farmer corner on the 10 minute mark.
The Totts then took their foot off the gas and the game became very scrappy, as it wasn't netted the third.
Chris Golding wrapped up the scoring five minutes from time when he finished a Farmer cross at the back post to earn a second round tie with SSML Division One side Bedford Saturday, November 4.
Speaking afterwards, Totts boss Chris Robson said: “It was important to get a win today after three games without one.
“We started very well and completely blew them away in the first 10 minutes, however I was slightly disappointed after that as we became very complacent and started to overcomplicate things with our play.
“Up until the last 10 minutes the game became very untidy, boring, and stopstart with a lot of fouls, but we came back to life with 10 minutes to go and wrapped up the game.
“I am very pleased with the win as we needed it after a tough couple of weeks, and although the performance wasn't vintage, in cup football the only thing that matters is that you are in the hat for the next round.”
Totternhoe host Park View in the league this weekend.
Meanwhile, boss Robson has been named the SSML Rep Side Manager for their upcoming FA Inter League National Cup campaign.
The FA Inter-League Cup is a national competition run by The Football Association. The winning team goes on to represent England & the English FA in the UEFA Regions Cup, a European competition.
The South Midlands Rep Side travel to Thames Valley Premier Division for their first round tie on Saturday, October 14, with the match be played at The Rivermoor Stadium, Reading.
Totts: Bromhall, O'Conner (Murchie), Lauder, Dyer, Golding, Brent (Folland), Bishop, Murray, McCormick, Cleere (Ellis), Farmer.
Becky Sumrall, a Tennessee Baptist who has spent the past 40 years mentoring women from all walks of life, is the recipient of this year's Dellanna West O'Brien Award for Women's Leadership Development.
Photo by Van Payne
Becky Sumrall, right, a Tennessee Baptist who has spent the past 40 years mentoring women from all walks of life, receives this year's Dellanna West O'Brien Award for Women's Leadership Development from Vickie Anderson, executive director of the Tennessee Woman's Missionary Union, at the morning session of the national Woman's Missionary Union annual meeting in Phoenix June 12.
The award, presented annually by Woman's Missionary Union (WMU) since 1998, comes with a $2,500 grant from WMU Foundation that will go to further Sumrall's ministry at Begin Anew, Middle Tennessee's branch of Christian Women's Job Corps and Christian Men's Job Corps.
Sumrall, a member of First Baptist Church in Nashville, has served for 15 years as Begin Anew's executive director.
“Her ministry has empowered women of all social classes and has led to not only changes in individual lives but also communities as a whole,” said Vickie Anderson, executive director of Tennessee WMU. “She has shown her selfless ability as a servant leader to influence other women to become leaders, all the while leading with personal integrity.”
Born and raised in Georgia, Sumrall grew up in Sunbeams, Girls in Action and Acteens. She answered a call to full-time ministry at 16, not knowing where that call would take her.
“Because of all that experience (in WMU programs), I was receptive to that call, and it was powerful enough that it's driven the rest of my life,” Sumrall said.
In the years since, she has served as a North American Mission Board missionary, a social worker for the Kentucky Baptist Children's Home and a leader of inner-city ministries and in several church and associational staff positions. She served as adult missions and ministry specialist on the Tennessee WMU staff before leaving to lead Begin Anew.
“Working on that staff developed some of the leadership and organizational skills that really prepared me to step out of there and lead at Begin Anew,” Sumrall said.
She has been married for 41 years to Rusty, who serves as executive director of the Nashville Baptist Association. They have two daughters, both of whom have been involved in cross-cultural missions for more than a decade.
Sumrall said she is grateful to still be fulfilling the call she heard as a teen.
“WMU feels like home to me,” she said. “I think that's why this award means so much – it's who I am and who developed me.”
(EDITOR'S NOTE – Grace Thornton is a freelance writer in Birmingham, Ala., and author of I Don't Wait Anymore, a 2016 release from Zondervan.)
[India], December 11 (ANI): Uttar Pradesh Minister Swami Prasad Maurya on Monday commented on the alleged rape of a Dalit girl in Meerut stating that these accidents happen sometimes but should not occur.
While speaking to reporters here, Maurya said "These accidents happen sometimes. Such incidents are unexpected and should not happen. But, the law will take its course and punish the criminals."
According to media reports, a 16-year-old girl in Meerut's Thana Mawana area was gang-raped by two youth in a cinema hall.
The police have arrested both the accused. (ANI)
× Claire's files for bankruptcy
Claire's has filed for bankruptcy. The hub for ear piercings at malls across America are the latest retailer to succumb to its massive pile of debt.
Claire's, which says it has pierced more than 100 million ears around the world, reached a restructuring agreement with its creditors. In a Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing on Monday, Claire's said it will reduce its debt by $1.9 billion. It held $2.1 billion in debt at the end of 2017.
Related: Toys ‘R' Us will close or sell all US stores
The company will continue to operate its approximately 1,600 Claire's and Icing brand stores in the United States during the bankruptcy process and expects to complete it by September. International stores are not part of the restructuring agreement.
“This transaction substantially reduces the debt on our balance sheet,” Claire's CEO Ron Marshall said in a statement. “We will complete this process as a healthier, more profitable company.” Marshall came from now-defunct bookstore chain Borders.
Claire's struggles stem from a deal it struck more than a decade ago that left it burdened with debt.
In 2007, Apollo Management, a private equity firm, bought Claire's for $3.1 billion and took the company private in what's known as a leveraged buyout.
Claire's could never escape its debt load. As traffic slowed to its brick-and-mortar stores, shoppers moved to digital channels and fast fashion chains such as H&M, Zara and Forever 21 chipped away at sales.
Claire's joins a long line of retailers that have filed for bankruptcy in recent years, including Toys “R” Us, Payless Shoes, Gymboree, Rue21, The Limited and RadioShack.
Toys “R” Us, another company left deep in debt from a leveraged buyout, said last week that it was liquidating its 735 stores in the United States.
Claire's believes a lighter balance sheet will help it avoid Toys “R” Us' fate and still remain a “Girl's Best Friend.” And the company says its business is Amazon-proof because you can't pierce your ears online.
Mad Men star Jon Hamm, who first broke into film with a starring role in Ben Affleck's The Town, may be looking to swipe one of Affleck's most lucrative paychecks right from under him – as he's reportedly eager to succeed him as Batman.
According to gossip-mongers at Radar Online, Hamm is "gunning hard for the role." They add: Jon knows Ben has faced some criticism over Batman v Superman and Justice League, and frankly thinks he'd be better suited for the job. This is business for Jon — not personal."
While Affleck's departure from the role hasn't been explicitly confirmed, speculation has built in the past year, ever since it was announced that he was stepping down from directing and writing a solo Batman project.
The Hollywood Reporter also claimed in July that DC were looking to "usher Affleck out of the role gracefully," while Jake Gyllenhaal was recently rumoured to have met with director Matt Reeves about assuming the part.
Advertisement
What could throw cold water on the rumour is that Hamm has repeatedly gone on record claiming that little is more unappealing to him than starring in a superhero movie.
"Meh, that's not what I want to do," he told GQ Magazine in 2014. "Never say never, but those aren't the kind of movies I like to go see. They don't make the kind of movies I like to see any more."
He also told the Radio Times that same year that the gargantuan contracts actors are forced to sign when playing a superhero were a turn off.
"The deals that they make you do are so Draconian," he said. "And, of course, you are signed on for not only the movie … but at least two more that you haven't read, and you have no idea what they are going to be and all the crossover ones you are going to have to do.
"For me to sign on now to do a superhero movie would mean I would be working until I am 50 as that particular superhero," he added. "It's a lot of work at one thing, which is not necessarily the reason I got into the business, which is to do many things. If you want to spend all day pressing the same key, that … seems an odd choice."
As for Affleck, he has slightly denied that he'll be departing the Batman role anytime soon, but has chosen his words carefully. During this summer's San Diego Comic Con, he said: "I'd love to do it as long as they'll have me."
A 9-year-old boy is being hailed a hero for saving his family from a fire that engulfed their home.
Scroll for more content...
The fire broke out on Monday around 3 in the afternoon on the 300 block of Laurellen Road in Marysville.
One moment a mother was home taking care of her 4 kids-two of them foster kids. The next minute, they have no home to return to.
But if it wasn't for the quick thinking of her 9-year-old son, Luke, the outcome could have been much worse.
"If it wasn't for him, it wouldn't have turned out as well as it did," said Luke's uncle Butch Gregory.
It's a heartbreaking sight for Gregory seeing his family home destroyed. Gregory was renting the home to his niece and lives next door.
"The front porch was on fire, the side of the house was on fire, the flames were just shooting up and going into the attic," he said.
Nine-year-old Luke just happened to go outside in time to spot the fire on top of his home and sprinted into action.
"He saw the flames, turned around and went right back in and told his mother the house was on fire.
Luke's mother, his 5-year-old brother and two infant siblings were in the family room at the time. They had no idea that flames were surrounding the home on the outside. Luke quickly called 9-1-1, grabbed his infant sister, while his mom grabbed the other 2 kids and ran out.
"He made a huge difference. He's a hero for telling his family to get out," said Tony Cuppoletti with Marysville Fire.
The fire department quickly got the upper hand of the fire, but the house is a loss. Crews were able to save some valuable possessions for the family.
And Luke's quick thinking is getting him a lot of praise.
"I asked him how he knew what to do, and he said that's what they taught him in 1st grade-to take the little ones out and go in the opposite way of the fire," said Gregory.
Mom and all 4 kids escaped unharmed leaving some precious valuables behind that Gregory says can be easily replaced.
What is the first thing he wants to get for Luke?
"Anything he wants," said Gregory.
It's unclear how the fire started. Marysville Fire says the cause is under investigation.
by
Artist Jeff Huntington returns to RiverArts on Thursday, February 23 as part of the Creative Lives Series. His show Catalyst is currently on exhibit through the month of February at the RiverArts studio gallery, as well as the Harriet Tubman mural he created at RiverArts in collaboration with youth from the J DeWeese Carter Center and the Bayside HOYAS.
Huntington's work has been exhibited both nationally and internationally over the past 25 years; his paintings are in private and public collections throughout the world, including US embassies. In addition to his solo career, Huntington has formed a non-profit, Future History Now, with his partner, Julie Gibb. Future History Now creates public artworks and art programming through the collaboration of at-risk youth and local, professional artists—creating opportunities for all involved to become stakeholders in creating the future landscape of their own communities.
The Harriet Tubman mural currently on exhibit at RiverArts is the result of Future History Now's collaboration with Kent County youth. RiverArts is in the process of finding a home for the mural once the exhibit has concluded.
The public is encouraged to come and listen as Huntington shares his passions and philosophies with us, and view the mural as well as Huntington's solo work.
The talk will be held in the RiverArts Gallery, 315 High Street, Suite 106, Chestertown, MD, 21620. Reservations are strongly suggested. Tickets are $15/$10 for RiverArts members, and may be purchased online www.ChestertownRiverArts.org, click on events, or by calling the gallery at 410 778 6300. Refreshments will be provided.
Gallery hours are Tuesday through Friday 11 AM to 4 PM, Saturday 10 AM to 4 PM, Sunday 11 Am- 3 PM, and open on First Fridays until 8 PM.
POLICE have withdrawn charges against a 24-year-old man in relation to the alleged rape of a two-year-old girl in Tennant Creek earlier this year.
The NT News reported this week that a 25-year-old had been charged with sexual intercourse without consent in relation to the February 15 incident.
“An ongoing police investigation identified new information that lead to the arrest of the second man and the withdrawal of this charge against the man,” NT Police said.
“He was charged shortly after the incident, which Sex Crime Detectives are continuing to investigate.
“The 24-year-old has now been released from custody.”
The matter involving the 25-year-old man charged earlier this week is still before the court.
More and more network providers worldwide are upgrading their LTE networks to LTE Advanced or LTE-A Pro. So the end-users of the wireless devices are also demanding the higher-level LTE equipment. Huawei had supplied many LTE Cat.3 and Cat.4 routers to the network providers. And now the Huawei LTE advanced and LTE-A pro routers(https://www.4gltemall.com/4g-wireless-router.html) are becoming more and more popular. Huawei B315 and Huawei E5186 are two typical Huawei 4G wireless Routers(https://www.4gltemall.com/4g-wireless-router/huawei-4g-lte-wifi-router.html); however, many people don't know what the difference between the two LTE wireless routers is. Today, we will check what the difference between them is and which one is better.
Huawei E5186 VS Huawei B315 Appearance and Interfaces
Huawei B315 and E5186 LTE CPE are both traditional stationary router. On the front, there are few LED indicators such as Power, mode, WiFi, signal and Voice (on E5186). On the back, there are 4 LAN ports (One for LAN/WAN), One USB2.0 port, and two connectors for an external antenna. The Huawei B315s-22 has only one telephone port while Huawei E5186 modem(https://www.4gltemall.com/huawei-e5186-4g-cat6-802-11ac-lte-cpe.html) has two telephone ports and has voice indicator on the front. The connectors in the two routers for the external antenna are SMA type. If you bought Huawei B315 external antenna, you can refer to the 4G LTE Outdoor Antenna with two SMA connectors. The antenna could also be used with Huawei E5186 LTE Router.
The Huawei E5186 WiFi router uses Micro SIM card, while Huawei B315 uses Standard SIM card. The SIM card slot of Huawei E5186 modem is located at the edge side while the B315 LTE CPE SIM slot is at the back. The label of the B315 router is at the bottom side while the Huawei E5186 router label is located between the two external antenna connectors.
Huawei B315 VS Huawei E5186 Specs and Variant models
To meet the various LTE frequency bands from different network providers, the Huawei E5186 modem and B315 LTE CPE both have variant models. Huawei E5186 has two sub-models now: E5186s-22a and E5186s-61a. The Huawei B315 LTE CPE has more variant models: B315s-22, B315s-607, B315s-936, B315s-608 etc…The interfaces may vary on the variant models. From the appearance and interfaces, we can't find which one is better. In the table below, the Huawei E5186 specs and Huawei B315s specs are listed, which are the key of the LTE features.
Model: Huawei B315s
Product type: LTE WiFi Router with Ethernet port
Category: LTE Cat.4
Chipset: Hisilicon Balong
Data rates: DL 150Mbps/UL 50Mbps
Supported 4G LTE frequency bands:
* Huawei B315s-22: 4G LTE B1/B3/B7/B8/B20/B38
* Huawei B315s-607: 4G Band 1/3/7/8/28/40
* Huawei B315s-936: 4G Band 1/3/40/41
* Huawei B315s-608: 4G Band 1/3/5/7/28
WLAN: 802.11b/g/n, 2.4GHz
Max supported users: 32 users
MIMO: n/a
Connector for external antenna: Two, SMA-female jacks
Buy Antenna: Huawei B315 external antenna(http://www.4gltemall.com/4g-antenna-two-sma-connector.html)
App management: Huawei Hilink APP
SIM Size: Standard SIM
Battery: No
Dimensions: 186.0mm x 139.0mm x 46.0mm
Interfaces:
* 1 x power adapter port
* 3 x LAN port(RJ45)
* 1 x LAN/WAN port (45)
* 1 x telephone port(RJ11)(depends on)
* Two external LTE antenna ports (SMA-J1.5)
* One SIM card slot
* 1 x USB 2.0 port(depends on)”
Datasheet: Huawei B315 Datasheet(PDF)
User Manual: Huawei B315 Manual(PDF)
Other features: VoIP, DHCP, NAT, IPv6/IPv4 dual stack, Firewall, Port forwarding, DMZ, ALG, Remote management
Firmware download: Huawei B315s Firmware
Driver: Huawei B315s driver
Reviews: Huawei B315 Review(https://www.4gltemall.com/blog/huawei-b315-4g-lte-router-overview/)
Price/USD: 169.00
———————————————————————————————-
Model: Huawei E5186
Product type: LTE WiFi Router
Category: LTE Cat.6
Chipset: HiSilicon LTE Cat6 Chipset
Data rates: DL 300Mbps/UL 50Mbps
Supported 4G LTE frequency bands:
Huawei E5186s-22a: Band 1/3/7/8/20/38
Huawei E5186s-61a: Band 3/7/28/40
WLAN: 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band 2.4GHz & 5GHz
Max supported users: 64 users
MIMO: 2 x 2 MIMO
Connector for external antenna: Two, SMA-female jacks
Buy Antenna: Huawei E5186 external antenna(http://www.4gltemall.com/4g-antenna-two-sma-connector.html)
App management: Huawei Hilink APP
SIM Size: Micro SIM
Battery: NO
Dimensions: 190 mm × 200 mm × 32 mm
Interfaces:
* 3 x LAN port(45)
* 1 x LAN/WAN port (45)
* 2 x telephone port(RJ11)
* Two external LTE antenna ports (SMA-J1.5)
* One micro-SIM card slot
* 1 x USB 2.0 port
Datasheet: Huawei E5186 Datasheet(PDF)
User Manual: Huawei E5186 User Manual(PDF)
Other features: Firewall, CS Voice, VoIP, TR069 Remote Management, HTTP Online Upgrade, QoS, USB Share, UPnP, IPV6, DLNA, Fax, Print, VPN
Firmware download: Huawei E5186 firmware
Driver: Huawei E5186 driver
Reviews: Huawei E5186 Review(https://www.4gltemall.com/blog/huawei-e5186-lte-cat6-wireless-gateway-review/)
Price/USD: 259.00USD
Conclusion
Huawei B315 has more variant models than Huawei E5186. And the sub-models cover more frequency bands and have more band combination than Huawei E5186 two variant models. However, as we can see in the table, the Huawei E5186 could support peak download speed up to 300mbps, which is almost the double speed than that of B315 LTE CPE(https://www.4gltemall.com/huawei-b315-lte-cpe.html). With carrier aggregation and LTE Cat.6 chipset, Huawei E5186 would support maximum up to 64 wireless users while Huawei B315 would support only 32 users. So the Huawei E5186 price would be higher than Huawei B315 price. Huawei E5186 is more advanced for LTE advanced networks. So if you want to buy a Huawei 4G Router with faster speed, Huawei E5186 would be the right one. If you just need a router with decent speed and price is also concerned, Huawei B315 should be considered.
NATIONAL CITY, Calif. – Police were pursuing a stolen car that drove the wrong-way on South Bay highways Monday.
National City and Chula Vista police started following the driver a stolen car at E. 20th Street and Lanoitan Avenue in National City just before 1 p.m. They chased the driver until he started going the wrong way on state Route 54 and Interstate 805.
Both agencies said the suspect exited the highway and drove on neighborhood streets.
SkyFOX was flying above the area the suspect was last seen, but as of 1:15 p.m. there was no sign of the driver.
TOWNSEND (WATE) – Park rangers are searching for a Blount County teen believed to be lost in the southwestern area of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.
Austin Bohanan, 18, was reported missing around 6:30 p.m. on Sunday. Thirteen members of the Park Search and Rescue Team began a ground search Monday morning, focused on the southwest area of the park near Highway 129.
No other details have been released at this time.
Download the WATE 6 On Your Side News App for breaking news, weather, sports and traffic information.
The coach had little to add about Folk's future on Friday, shrugging off a question about impending plans to work out other kickers.
"I'm really not sure where that stands," Koetter said.
Folk was signed last March to compete with Aguayo after the 2016 second-round draft pick struggled as a rookie.
One of the best kickers in college football history at Florida State, Aguayo went 22 of 31 on field goal also missed two extra points last season.
Folk, who won the job in training camp, is six of 11 on field goals and eight of 10 of extra points through four games.
"I've said this many times — whoever our guys are, I have total confidence in them," Koetter said of the decision to go with Folk over Aguayo, who was released in August.
"I think Nick was kicking very well up until a week ago. He is a rough day against the Giants," the coach added. "He came back, the one day we kicked in practice (before the New England game), he kicked very well. We had no reason to think Nick wasn't going to kick well last night."
After playing twice in five days, players will have the weekend and Monday off before returning to work on Tuesday.
"I'll probably get away, hang out with my wife and kids," Folk said. "That's all you can really do right now."
The kicker said he had not yet watched film of Thursday night's misses, but that he will at some point.
"You have to be able to evaluate yourself, look at it and improve," Folk said, adding that when practice resumes that he'll "get back out there and keep going."
"That's all you can do," he said.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL.
By Fred Goodall, The Associated Press
Posted by admin on February 3, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
A judge has ruled that terminally ill Alfie Evans may be allowed home, but will not be allowed to go to Rome for further treatment.
Mr Justice Hayden described the 23-month-old at the centre of a life support battle as "courageous" and a "warrior", but said the case had now reached its "final chapter", he told a High Court hearing in Manchester.
He rejected claims by Alfie's father, Tom Evans, 21, that his son was "significantly better" than first thought because he had now been breathing unaided for 20 hours after doctors first withdrew life support on Monday night at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool.
Instead, the judge said the best Alfie's parents could hope for was to "explore" the options of removing him from intensive care either to a ward, a hospice or his home.
But a doctor treating Alfie, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said that for Alfie to be allowed home would require a "sea change" in attitude from the child's family, and they feared that in the "worst case" they would try to take the boy abroad.
Mr Justice Hayden ruled out his family's wishes to take the child to the Bambino Gesu hospital in Rome, following interventions from the Pope and the Italian authorities.
Alfie has been at the centre of a life or death treatment battle, with his parents, Mr Evans and Kate James, trying to block doctors from withdrawing life support in a sometimes acrimonious six-month dispute which has seen a series of court battles.
A "last-ditch appeal" in which the Italian Ambassador granted Alfie citizenship of Italy in order to take him to Rome for treatment failed on Monday.
And a late night court hearing by telephone by Mr Justice Hayden and lawyers for both sides confirmed his earlier decision permitting life support, helping Alfie to breathe, to be withdrawn.
During another three-hour hearing on Tuesday at the Family Division of the High Court sitting in Manchester, Paul Diamond, from the Christian Legal Centre representing the parents, suggested the alleged change in the position meant the court should reconsider its decision on allowing Alfie to travel abroad.
He handed the court a witness statement from Mr Evans in which he suggested his son's health was "significantly better" than first thought since life support was withdrawn at 9.17pm last night, as he was continuing to live and breathe.
But Mr Justice Hayden said in his ruling: "The sad truth is that it is not.
"With little, indeed no hesitation, I reject that.
"The brain cannot regenerate itself and there is virtually nothing of his brain left.
"There is, in truth, with great respect to the efforts of Mr Diamond, no substance to this application, which represents, at least within the court process, the final chapter in the case of this extraordinary little boy."
Instead the judge said Alfie's continued life was a "shaft of light" and a "special opportunity" for his parents to spend time with him - not the time for more legal manoeuvres.
And he criticised the "malign hand" of one of the family's advisers, law student Pavel Stroilov, who had, the court heard, been party to Mr Evans lodging a private prosecution of Alder Hey Hospital doctors, allegedly for murder.
The judge said, in fact, the hospital had provided "world class" care for the child.
The hospital's doctors and independent medical experts say there is no cure and no hope for Alfie.
Following the court hearing, a hospital spokesman said: "Our top priority therefore remains in ensuring Alfie receives the care he deserves to ensure his comfort, dignity and privacy are maintained throughout. This includes working closely with Kate and Tom as they spend this precious time together with him."
Medics say Alfie has a degenerative neurological condition destroying his brain, and it is in his best interests to withdraw life support.
But his parents have fought a long battle to ask the courts to allow them to take him abroad.
The dispute ended up in the courts, but the family have already lost a series of appeals in the High Court, Court of Appeal, Supreme Court and European Court of Human Rights.
Alfie was born on May 9 2016, but suffered seizures and was taken to hospital in December that year.
He is currently being hydrated and given oxygen to stop him becoming distressed, the court heard.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Rosie O'Donnell kicked off the New Year much the same way she ended the old one — by attacking Donald Trump on social media.
The actress shared a message on Sunday to her 900,000-plus Twitter followers informing them that they have “less than 3 weeks to stop” the President-elect.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“Donald Trump is mentally unstable,” O'Donnell wrote on Twitter, linking to a CNN report about a Trump biographer who says the President-elect had him escorted from a Trump-owned Florida golf course on Friday.
DONALD TRUMP IS MENTALLY UNSTABLE – https://t.co/6AvhoPq1du LESS THAN 3 WEEKS TO STOP HIM AMERICA — ROSIE (@Rosie) January 1, 2017
Calling the incoming commander-in-chief mentally unstable is merely par for the course for the 54-year-old comedienne.
Last May, O'Donnell confidently declared that Trump “will never be president,” and has previously called him “the worst representation of what the United States is or could be.”
O'Donnell and Trump have feuded publicly for years, but the conflict reached a new level earlier this year, when the comedian vowed to leave the country if Trump were elected president.
“We'll get rid of Rosie. Oh, I love it,” Trump said in April about the possibility of O'Donnell leaving the country if he won the White House. “Now I have to get elected because I'm going to do a great service to our country. Now it's much more important. In fact, I'll immediately get off this call and start campaigning right now.”
.@realDonaldTrump: If me winning means Rosie O'Donnell moves to Canada, I'd be doing a great service to our country!https://t.co/foxt712Ko1 — FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) April 26, 2016
Last month, O'Donnell apologized to future First Lady Melania Trump for sharing a video on her social media account that suggested that 10-year-old Barron Trump could be autistic.
“I apologize to @MELANIATRUMP – i was insensitive in my RT – i am sorry for the pain i caused – it was not my intent – i am truly sorry -,” O'Donnell tweeted.
It was unclear exactly what O'Donnell meant by suggesting there are three weeks left to “stop” Trump. There is a “Women's March on Washington” scheduled for January 21, the day after Trump's inauguration, though O'Donnell has not said if she will be attending the event.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson
WASHINGTON: The US Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate by a quarter point to 1.0-1.25 percent on Wednesday and signaled another increase remains likely this year, despite the recent spate of weak economic data.
In explaining this second rate hike of 2017 and plans for more increases in the coming months, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said the move reflected the progress in the world's largest economy, which continues to add jobs at a solid pace.
”The economy is doing well, is showing resilience,” Yellen said in her quarterly press conference.
”We have a very strong labor market, an unemployment rate that's declined to levels we have not seen since 2001. And even with some moderation in the pace of job growth, we have a labor market that continues to strengthen.
“ And despite recent tepid price pressures, the Fed expects inflation to pick up — eventually, citing “one-off reductions” in certain categories such as cell phone services and prescription drugs as the reason for the recent lower readings.
Those factors mean the Fed's preferred inflation measure will remain below the two percent target for some time, but will gradually rise to the target level over “the medium term.”
But coming on a day when the consumer price index and retail sales fell, in large part due to falling food and gasoline prices, but with widespread declines in other categories, some economists are saying the Fed is no longer basing its decision on the data, as it has repeatedly said.
”The third rate hike in seven months, coming not long after a relatively poor Q1 GDP print, suggests the Fed has become less data-dependent in its monetary policy decisions,” Fitch Ratings Chief Economist Brian Coulton said.
One FOMC member, Minneapolis Federal Reserve Bank President Neel Kashkari, dissented from the decision, preferring to keep policy on hold for now.
Third hike coming?
Analysts in recent weeks have become increasingly doubtful there would be a third rate increase later this year, as inflation, consumption and other economic data have indicated the weakness seen in the first quarter has continued.
Fed futures markets now put the chances for another rate increase this year to below 50 percent.
Chris Low of FTN Financial said the Fed “compromised” by continuing the rate increases despite falling inflation, but “the market expects the Fed to take a break.”
However, Yellen said business and household confidence remain quite strong, and echoed the statement from the Fed's policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee, which repeated its confidence that the economy will continue to expand “at a moderate pace” even with further gradual rate increases.
Asked about the criticism, Yellen said, “I don't think …the Fed's credibility has been impaired.”
She once again said the path of interest rates “is not a pre-set course,” but the Fed's quarterly projections show they still anticipate making a third rate increase this year, with the median federal funds rate ending 2017 at 1.4 percent.
That would be followed by three rate increases in 2018 and three more in 2019, with the key rate at 2.9 percent by the end of that period.
Forecasts
In their quarterly projections, Fed officials saw the economy growing slightly faster than previously forecast, with GDP up 2.2 percent this year, a tenth of a percentage point higher than forecast in March.
But the estimate for the central bank's preferred measure of inflation, the PCE price index, was cut three-tenths to 1.6 percent, while the core PCE, which excludes volatile food and energy prices, was cut two-tenths to 1.7 percent, according to the Summary of Economic Projections.
The Fed now sees the unemployment rate ending the year at 4.3 percent, where it sits currently, rather than the 4.5 percent previously expected.
The central bank also confirmed that it will begin later this year to implement a plan to reduce the size of its investment holdings, which were built up to record levels during the financial crisis to help support the economy, especially once interest rates reached zero.
As long as the economy “evolves broadly as expected,” the plan “would gradually reduce the Federal Reserve's securities holdings,” the FOMC statement said. AFP
[India], July 4 (ANI): Senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Subramanian Swamy on Wednesday welcomed the judgement by the five-judge Constitution bench of the Supreme Court in favour of the Delhi Government on its tussle with the Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal.
Talking to ANI, Swamy stated that though the Lieutenant Governor must respect Delhi cabinet decisions, any anti-constitutional decision taken by these Naxalite type people can be opposed by LG.
"Yes, what Supreme Court said is correct that Lieutenant Governor must respect Delhi cabinet decisions. But if any anti-national security or anti-constitutional decision is taken, which they are capable of taking, as they are Naxalite type people, then Lieutenant Governor can oppose," Swamy said.
Pronouncing its judgement on the ongoing tussle between the Centre and the elected Government of Delhi, the top court had said that the LG's role cannot be obstructionist. Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra, who headed the five-judge bench comprising A.K. Sikri, A.M. Khanwilkar, D.Y. Chandrachud and Ashok Bhushan had said, "L-G cannot act independently unless where the Constitution allows. L-G cannot be an obstructionist." CJI Misra had further said that the L-G must work harmoniously with the state and the council of ministers has to be constantly aligned. "L-G cannot act independently unless where the Constitution allows. L-G cannot be an obstructionist, he must take advice from the Council of Ministers. The Council has to inform the L-G of its decisions. The L-G must work harmoniously with the state, the L-G and council of ministers has to be constantly aligned. There is no space for anarchy," the CJI had said. The power tussle between the Delhi Government and the Lieutenant Governor has been on since the formation of the AAP government in the state. Recently, Kejriwal along with Delhi's Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia and others sat on a nine-day sit-in strike against L-G at the latter's office-cum-residence. (ANI)
April 3 Bank Of The Ozarks Inc:
* Bank of the Ozarks Inc announces increased regular quarterly dividend
* Increases quarterly dividend by 2.9 percent to $0.175 per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
× Photo Pop Philly Draws Instagrammers to Walnut St.
PHILADELPHIA, PA – In a world seemingly dominated by likes, followers and selfies; Instagrammers young and old are looking for new ways to engage their audience, and Photo Pop Philly is a new way to do just that.
Kate Marlys, known around town as Philly PR Girl, is the owner and curator of the temporary exhibit on 13th and Walnut Street.
Marlys says interactive art exhibits are popping up all around the country as a way for Instagrammers to take cool photos in front of some truly unique backdrops. “There are 12 local artists that contributed to the space. So far we have only been open a couple of days and it's been amazing. We've had a line outside every day! This is the first interactive art exhibit in the city of Philadelphia. Some of these are popping up in New York, L.A., and San Francisco…I reached out to some of the people that I am huge fans of and said, ‘Hey would you want to design a wall?'”
One of the artists she asked was mural artist Alloyius Mcilwaine who created a painting he calls “Reach for the Stars.” Mcilwaine said “I'm really known for doing abstract shapes and painting women, so I combined both of those. I just wanted to have a woman that was reaching for like a whole bunch of different things. It's an honor to be a part of something like this! Anything positive, I am all about being a part of.”
The temporary exhibit features some highly Instagrammable red, white and blue themed rooms.
The artist known as These Pink Lips did a mural, bench and pillow for the exhibit which can be viewed immediately after walking in the door. Marlys explained, “She designs for celebrities such as Cardi B and Mary J. Blige. It's all about female empowerment in our freedom of speech room.”
Photo Pop Philly costs $25 and will be open through July 8th.
Need some New material for your boring old Instagram? Look no further than @PhotoPopPhilly ! #photopopphilly pic.twitter.com/ecsAyAP7Wh — Matt Alba (@mattalbaPHL17) May 30, 2018
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
MUCH WOW Someone Trained Their Dog To Say 'I Love You' And It's A Good And Perfect Thing
We love you, too, shiba... We love you, too.
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The Los Angeles City Council on Friday voted unanimously to authorise the city to sign a contract with the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to host the 2028 Summer Games.
The contract gives the city a greater share of any financial surplus from the Games and includes an IOC contribution of $2 billion but also leaves Los Angeles to cover any cost overruns associated with the $5.3 billion sporting event.
"This opportunity is too great, we cannot pass it up," Los Angeles City Council President Herb Wesson said before the vote.
"Who knows what the future holds but I have faith in you and this body that if anything comes up we will make the necessary adjustments to make this the most successful Games in the history of the Olympics."
Despite the 12-0 council vote, dozens of protesters opposed to the agreement shouted anti-Games slogans during the meeting and at the news conference afterwards.
"We're really disappointed in today's result," said Steve Ducey, a spokesman for the 'No Olympics Los Angeles Coalition', citing the city's problems with homelessness, which has risen 23 percent in the past year according to the latest city data.
FILE PHOTO - City Council President Herb Wesson speaks at the podium, alongside (L) Los Angeles Mayor Garcetti and LA 2024 Bid Chairman Casey Wasserman during the announcement that the city of Los Angeles will host the 2028 Olympic Games in Carson, California, U.S. July 31, 2017. Mike Blake
"Fifty-five thousand people on the streets of LA County every night and the Olympic Games isn't going to fix that. And historically it makes that situation significantly worse," he added.
Nine-time Olympic gold medalist Carl Lewis, a member of the LA 2028 council, believes the Games could help with LA's social and economic issues.
FILE PHOTO - Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks at the podium, alongside LA 2024 Bid Chairman Casey Wasserman and (R) City Council President Herb Wesson during the announcement that the city of Los Angeles will host the 2028 Olympic Games pictured in Carson, California. Mike Blake
"The Olympic Games isn't just about sports. This is about our lives. It's about making a difference and we can come together and work on all the issues and problems we have together," he said.
Under the agreement, LA 2028, the committee behind the city's Olympic campaign, will invest up to $160 million to increase youth sports programmes in the city during the 11 year run-up to the Games.
"Today's vote by the City Council is a resounding show of confidence in our fiscally responsible plan for 2028 and more evidence of Angelenos' passion to return the Games to LA," Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti said in a statement after the vote.
Los Angeles officials have said the city would not need to build any new permanent venues to host the Games since LA already has multiple stadiums, arenas and college campuses.
The vote clears the way for Paris to host the 2024 Games. The IOC is expected to vote to simultaneously award the 2024 and 2028 Games hosting rights when it meets in Lima, Peru in September.
CLEVELAND — Newly elected Hall of Famer Jim Thome won't be enshrined with Chief Wahoo.
Thome played most of his career with the Cleveland Indians and "fully" supports the team's decision to remove the divisive Wahoo logo from its uniforms. He prefers to have the club's block "C'' logo on his Cooperstown plaque.
The slugger feels the "C'' logo is "the right thing to do." Thome plans to speak with his wife, Andrea, and Hall of Fame officials before making a final decision.
Thome wore the Chief Wahoo logo while playing for the Indians from 1991-2002 and again when he returned in 2011. The left-handed hitter belted 612 home runs, eighth on the career list.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier is leaving President Trump's American Manufacturing Council, saying, "I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
The resignation came after Trump was criticized for his response to the violence at white supremacist events in Charlottesville, Va., over the weekend. The president, famous for his ability to be direct and forceful, was faulted for condemning violence "on many sides."
Within an hour of Merck announcing Frazier's withdrawal, Trump retorted on Twitter, "Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned ... he will have more time to lower ripoff drug prices!"
In a statement on his resignation, Frazier said, "America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal."
Frazier, who is African-American, said he was acting as both the CEO of Merck and "as a matter of personal conscience."
The rift did not seem to harm Merck's stock: The drug company's shares rose by nearly a full percentage point in the first hour of trading, to nearly $63.
Members of his own party have called on Trump to condemn Saturday's killing of a woman who had been protesting white supremacists as an act of domestic terrorism. The White House later stated that Trump was including "white supremacists, KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups" in his remarks about the violence.
Frazier's departure is the latest high-profile exit from a White House advisory council since Trump took office in January.
After Trump announced in June that the U.S. would be leaving the Paris climate accord, both Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Disney CEO Bob Iger left his business advisory council.
Months earlier, in February, Uber co-founder Travis Kalanick left the same panel during the fallout from Trump's executive order that banned immigrants from seven Muslim countries.
"The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," Kalanick said at the time.
Eric Anholt of Broadcom has sent out his revised patches for the "V3D" DRM driver, which up until last week was known as the VC5 DRM driver.As explained last week, the VC5 driver components are being renamed to V3D since it ends up supporting more than just VC5 with Broadcom VC6 hardware already being supported too. Eric is making preparations to get this VideoCore driver into the mainline Linux kernel and he will then also rename the VC5 Gallium3D driver to V3D Gallium3D.On Tuesday the latest patches were published following the initial code review last week for this VC4 DRM successor. Eric has also written more about his current Broadcom VideoCore open-source driver happenings via his blog
Leicester City remain a surprise guest at the top table of European football but a place in the Champions League semi-finals beckons if they can overturn a 1-0 first-leg deficit against Spanish heavyweights Atletico Madrid.
The Premier League outfit has made a remarkable progression to the last eight and on Tuesday face a side who have thrived on adversity to compete in two Champions League finals in the last three years, having made it to four successive quarter-finals.
Leicester were outclassed for large parts of the first leg at a fervent Vicente Calderon Stadium but, crucially, return to the King Power Stadium on Tuesday with their storied opponents well in their sights after Antoine Griezmann's solitary goal.
“I think they are betting everything on the second leg,” Atletico's charismatic manager Diego Simeone told reporters after a tough first encounter with the Midlands side.
“It was a hard-fought match. It's a good win for us but the second leg will be difficult. It's all still to play for.
“As for the second leg, we anticipate a fantastic English atmosphere. The tie is still 50/50. Nobody sees us already in the semi-final.”
In the last round, Craig Shakespeare's Leicester side overcame a similar 2-1 deficit against Sevilla, winning 2-0 at home in the return to set up the Atletico showdown.
Once relative Champions League unknowns, however, Atletico are now true European giants and will provide the sternest test yet of Leicester's fairytale continental adventure.
MORE OPEN
“We know we have to be more open because we need a goal and one of Atletico's plusses is their ability on the counter-attack,” Shakespeare told reporters after the defeat in Madrid.
“But we are still alive and we want to stay in the competition. I have seen enough throughout the squad. We know what we are about at the King Power and know what we need to do.
“Atletico are a very good team, their work ethic is exceptional. We are aware of that, but we are still in this tie.
“We know it is a going to be a very difficult return match, but we have very good record at the King Power.”
Atletico welcome back striker Kevin Gameiro, who missed the first leg with hamstring problems, to the squad but are without midfielder Tiago, who returned from injury as a late substitute in Saturday's 3-0 Liga win over Osasuna but has been left out.
Atletico's Croatia defender Sime Vrsaljko and Argentina midfielder Augusto Fernandez are also missing through injury.
English champions Leicester, meanwhile, could be without several key defenders through injury and suspension.
Captain Wes Morgan has not played since the return leg with Sevilla and is doubtful, Robert Huth is suspended while Yohan Benalouane limped out of Saturday's 2-2 draw at Crystal Palace.
© AFP 2016/ DELIL SOULEIMAN Turkey Unwelcome: Syrian Kurds Ready to Defend Territories Liberated From Daesh
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The Daily Sabah newspaper reported Tuesday citing a security source that the aerial operation started at 9:05 p.m. local time (18:05 GMT).
The news outlet added that at least one Turkish serviceman was killed earlier on Tuesday in the same region in clashes with the PKK militants.
The PKK is listed as a terrorist organization in Turkey, as well as in a number of other countries, including the United States. The tensions between the sides intensified in 2015 as Ankara launched a military operation in the country's southeastern regions mostly populated by Kurds.
Turkey was hit by dozens of terrorist attacks throughout 2016 carried out by Daesh terrorist group outlawed in Russia, and PKK listed as a terrorist organization in Turkey. The majority of terrorist attacks were directed against Turkish security forces engaged in violent clashes with PKK militants in eastern parts of the county striving to create their own independent state, as the Kurds represent the largest ethnic minority in the country.
CAIRO Egypt's cabinet said a three-month state of emergency would go into force from 1 p.m. (1100 GMT) on Monday, a day after two church bombings killed at least 44 people.
The nationwide measure must be approved by parliament within seven days to remain in place.
"The armed forces and police forces will do what is necessary to confront the threats of terrorism and its financing in order to maintain security across the country, protect public and private property and the lives of citizens," a cabinet statement said.
The state of emergency was announced on Sunday in a televised address by President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi following the church attacks, which were claimed by Islamic State. Sisi also ordered troops immediately deployed to assist police in securing vital facilities.
The emergency decree will give the security forces wide-ranging powers. Ending martial law was one of the demands of the popular uprising that ousted President Hosni Mubarak in 2011.
(Reporting by Mostafa Hashem; Writing by Eric Knecht; Editing by Andrew Roche)
A A
The Super Bowl of pigeon shows has come and gone from Clark County.
Over 3,000 pigeons were shipped into the Clark County Event Center at the Fairgrounds for the National Pigeon Association's 2017 Grand National Show. At the event, pigeon enthusiasts showed off their painstakingly bred and thoroughly cared-for birds.
Over 300 breeds of pigeon were present and included exotic and unfamiliar varieties, such as the Pacific Modena or Norwich Carrier. They were judged by their height, feathers, angle they stood at and other features. Another 100 were brought in for sale, and at one point the doors were closed after concerns that someone stole a bird.
This year's Best in Show award went to a Komorn Tumbler, a “fancy” breed of pigeon that was raised by Guido Madrusan of Simcoe, Ontario.
“This is one of my proudest moments,” he said.
Cam Datanagan, chairman of the western USA district of the association, said that the attendees came primarily from the western U.S., but some came as far away as Rhode Island, Florida or even Australia. All had one thing in common: Raising pigeons is not just a hobby, but a passion.
“It's the thing for older guys that gets them out of bed,” he said.
Orrie Moore, president of the Puget Sound Pigeon Club based in Longbranch, said that he, like others at the show, developed his interest in pigeons early in life.
“They're family-oriented, just like you and me,” he said. “They take care of their babies.”
Lennie Mefferd, an attendee, said it's easy to care for the 1,300 pigeons he has back home in Southern California. He said he's been to show all over the world, and found it easy to bond with others over the unusual hobby.
“It's like you have an instant friendship,” he said.
[India], May 30 (ANI): Karnataka Chief Minister H. D. Kumaraswamy on Wednesday underscored that he could only sanction the farmer loans in the state after the Congress' approval.
Speaking at a meeting with farmers association and organisations in Bengaluru, Kumaraswamy said, "Not the blessing of people, but only with the blessing of Rahul Gandhi we've come to power. I'll convince Congress party, but I can only take decision once they approve."
"This is golden opportunity, use it. When it's time for elections, you can vote for anyone..We know politics and how to run a government. Give me time, we'll solve all your problems. But I need time, we'll work together," he told the farmers.
Waiving farmers' loan was one of the main focuses of Kumaraswamy's campaign in the recently concluded state assembly elections. He took oath as the 24th chief minister of Karnataka on May 23, marking the beginning of the JD(S)-Congress alliance in the state. Ever since Kumaraswamy took over the chair of the chief minister, he has maintained that he was indebted to the Congress and not the people of Karnataka. He also said that he is dependent on the Congress party and cannot do anything without its permission. "I am at the mercy of the Congress party. I am responsible for the development of the state that is different. I have to do my job as a Chief Minister," Kumaraswamy had told the media. (ANI)
MOSCOW Russia's foreign ministry on Monday said Poland's comments blaming Russian air traffic controllers for a 2010 plane crash that killed the then Polish president, were aimed at "settling political scores", the RIA Novosti agency reported.
Poland earlier in the day said it would press charges against two controllers for deliberately contributing to the crash which also killed 95 other people near Russia's Smolensk region.
RIA quoted the ministry as saying the comments would harm Russian-Polish ties which "even otherwise were not in the best of shape".
"Even though the situation is completely transparent, Polish authorities continue to exploit the tragedy for settling political scores," foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova was quoted as saying.
(Reporting by Alexander Winning; writing by Sujata Rao)
Construction halted on a Vancouver Island property near where other First Nations remains had been found
A home demolition ran into an unexpected hurdle when human remains believed to be an ancient First Nations burial site were found on the property. (photo/Tim Collins)
The demolition of a home in Greater Victoria has uncovered what are believed to be the remains of an ancestral burial, in an area known to have long been occupied by First Nations people in the past.
The home had been torn down to make way for new construction and in the process of clearing the site, the remains were discovered. Police were contacted, as were the B.C. Coroners Service, but it was soon discovered that the find was not a modern burial site and the situation was turned over to the Provincial Ministry of Forests, Lands, Natural Resource Operations and Rural Development, who are responsible for the archaeological services provided by the government.
When remains are found, that government agency investigates the site, catalogues the find and works with the First Nations communities to ensure that the remains are dealt with in a respectful manner.
According to ministry spokesperson Jermy Uppenborn, it is a common occurrence. The ministry said that there are currently 54,000 burial places registered under the Heritage Protection Act and about 1,450 new sites are added annually.
It's no surprise then that the discovery of First Nations burial sites is nothing new for the Cadboro Bay neighbourhood.
In late 2016 Carl Foght began a major renovation on his home, situated within a hundred meters of the Killarney Road property.
“It was March when we came across human remains on the site. I'd been warned that it might happen, but I didn't really think it would be the case. It was a sort of ‘told you so' moment,” said Foght.
“When we discovered the remains, we had Stantec (engineering consultants) on site and they made sure we did everything to be respectful to the First Nations and making sure we did everything right.”
Doing “everything right” was not an easy or inexpensive proposition for Foght.
“The whole process set us back about two months. They actually sifted the soil to make certain that nothing was missed and found not only the remains but harpoons, combs, and all manner of decorative artifacts with the remains,” he said.
“It added some cost for us, for sure. We had an archaeologist on site for the whole process at $100 an hour and for the re-internment ceremony we were charged an additional $600. But it's a cost that you have to be prepared to absorb any time you do a renovation in this area.”
In the end, the remains of 13 people were found on the site, and at the request of the First Nations representatives the remains were re-interred in a different location at the far end of the same property.
“They had a ceremony to re-inter the bones and we agreed to have it done on our property out of respect for the First Nations community,” explained Foght. “We wanted to do it all the right way.”
Foght added that at no time in the entire process did he get the sense that the First Nations representatives were inclined to be anything but co-operative.
According to information provided by the Lkwungen Tung'exw First Nation, eight distinct family groups lived, fished, hunted and harvested the region's coastal lands for as many as 8,000 years. A series of temporary settlements joined larger permanent villages at McNeil Bay and Willows Beach and formed a significant presence in the area prior to the coming of European settlers.
While the provincial government has developed a map of the area in which likely archaeological sites may exist, the fact is that residents don't really know what may lie under their property until they put a spade in the ground.
“There's a fellow across the street who is planning to put in a new driveway, and I've already warned him of what might be there and how it might become more complicated for him,” said Foght.
“As a homeowner you knew there is a possibility so you prepare yourself, but of course you're not looking for it to happen.”
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Facebook removed an excerpt from the U.S. Declaration of Independence, claiming the text violated the social network's policies on “hate speech.”
The Liberty County Vindicator had been uploading the Declaration of Independence in parts to their Facebook page, only for the tenth part to be removed by the social network.
The text was as follows:
He has abdicated Government here, by declaring us out of his Protection and waging War against us. He has plundered our seas, ravaged our Coasts, burnt our towns, and destroyed the lives of our people. He is at this time transporting large Armies of foreign Mercenaries to compleat the works of death, desolation and tyranny, already begun with circumstances of Cruelty & perfidy scarcely paralleled in the most barbarous ages, and totally unworthy the Head of a civilized nation. He has constrained our fellow Citizens taken Captive on the high Seas to bear Arms against their Country, to become the executioners of their friends and Brethren, or to fall themselves by their Hands. He has excited domestic insurrections amongst us, and has endeavoured to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers, the merciless Indian Savages, whose known rule of warfare, is an undistinguished destruction of all ages, sexes and conditions.
Though the newspaper is unsure why the text was removed, they presumed it was due to the Declaration of Independence's use of the term “merciless Indian Savages.”
Following complaints, Facebook reinstated the post, declaring in an email, “It looks like we made a mistake and removed something you posted on Facebook that didn't go against our Community Standards. We want to apologize and let you know that we've restored your content and removed any blocks on your account related to this incorrect action.”
Facebook also recently shut down a support group for veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder, claiming the page violated their “community guidelines.”
“Facebook's actions have put soldiers' lives at risk. Guys use the page to express feelings which are really troubling them,” declared FYB UK founder and former paratrooper Alfie Usher. “They're desperate for help. It is very hard for them to discuss issues relating to their experiences in Iraq and Afghanistan with their families.”
SAN DIEGO — A 22-year-old man suffered a stab wound in an apparently unprovoked attack in Logan Heights, police said Tuesday.
The victim stopped to tie his shoe while walking through an alley off the 2400 block of Commercial Street shortly before midnight when a stranger dressed in dark clothing approached him and stabbed him in his upper body, according to San Diego police Officer John Buttle.
The victim was able to run off afterward, but dropped his cellphone in the process. He went to a hospital and sought treatment for a non-life- threatening injury, Buttle said.
A detailed description of the suspect was not immediately available.
Credit: sudok1, Getty Images/iStockphoto (Photo: sudok1, Getty Images/iStockphoto)
Report cards are out for the nation's hospitals, and one Southwest Florida hospital group received top marks.
Hospitals have received their star ratings from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, CMS, which will be posted on the federal agency's website Dec. 20 so the public can see how hospitals stack up.
The NCH Healthcare System, with two hospital campuses in Collier County and a combined 716 beds, has received a five-star rating, the highest score possible.
“It's the first time,” Dr. Allen Weiss, president and chief executive officer of NCH, said. “We are obsessed with quality. We are really looking at patient outcomes. We are looking at infection prevention. We know our readmission rate is the lowest by far. For the last five years, we've only had one minor penalty compared to the region and the rest of the nation.”
When CMS started the ratings and “hospital compare” program in 2016, NCH received three stars, then moved up to four stars earlier this year, Weiss said.
The Lee Health System in Lee County, which operates four hospitals for adult services with a total of 1,268 beds, have all received two stars in the newest rating, which is unchanged from earlier this year, Lee Health spokeswoman Mary Briggs said.
In July, 2016 Lee Memorial Hospital and HealthPark Medical Center received a combined one-star rating — the lowest score — and it prompted leaders of the publicly operated system to step up its quality initiatives.
“While each of our hospitals remain at the two-star rating, all of them are experiencing significant upward trends in their scores,” Briggs said in a statement. “We have adopted best practices and evidence-based guidelines which have led to substantial gains in our quality ratings, particularly in the areas of safety and efficiency. We are confident our efforts will continue to deliver positive results.”
Physicians Regional Healthcare System in Collier County, with two campuses and a total of 201 beds, declined to disclose its latest rating in advance of the public release Dec. 20.
Ratings that are public on CMS's hospital compare website are from December 2016. The website shows NCH at three stars, Physicians Regional at two stars, and the Lee Health hospitals at two stars. The website is www.medicare.gov/hospitalcompare/search.html.
CMS has faced criticism for its rating system from the hospital industry and from members of Congress for the methodology to measure quality and outcomes in seven categories. The federal agency postponed release of new ratings earlier this year after announcing methodology changes last year and a new round of criticism. The updates are done quarterly, and hospitals get their ratings even if CMS holds off posting the updates to its website.
The American Hospital Association said there are “'errors in the execution of the chosen methodology” despite some proposed changes to address the shortcomings, according to a letter sent to CMS in September. The AHA represents 5,000 hospitals and other health-care organizations.
“CMS's own analysis shows that nearly 700 hospitals would experience a change in their star ratings, amplifying our concern about the reliability and accuracy of the chosen methodology,” the AHA letter states.
The AHA suggests including ratings that are more useful for consumers, such as having topics like cardiac care and cancer care.
The seven categories used in the star ratings are mortality, readmission, safety of care, patient experience, efficient use of medical imaging, timeliness of care and effectiveness of care.
The AHA and other industry leaders have also said the methodology does not take into account socioeconomic status of patients, whereby poor patients lack regular access to medical care and are sicker with more complex illnesses. Several private groups perform hospital analytics using Medicare data, including The Leapfrog Group and U.S. News & World Report.
Weiss, of NCH, said everybody in the CMS star rating is evaluated based on the same definitions and data. With regard to the socioeconomic issues, the data is adjusted for age and acuity to establish a level playing field, he said.
“The public is clamoring for accurate, reliable and a safe way to evaluate hospitals,” he said, adding that how hospitals take care of patients can make all the difference in whether a patient gets better or not.
Patients have a choice where to go and don't have to defer to a physician's preference, he said.
“Physicians also will be looking at this,” he said.
Briggs, of Lee Health, said the hospital system is thankful to its medical team for working hard to improve services.
“We are proud of the quality of care we provide at Lee Health and will continue to use the CMS report identifying opportunities for improvement,” she said.
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/news/health/2017/12/11/hospital-report-cards-released-soon-nch-scores-top-marks/935106001/
The White House is developing a plan to discourage China from undervaluing the yuan, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday.
According to the plan, US Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross would designate the practice of currency manipulation as an unfair subsidy when employed by any country. In this way, the US aims to avoid a direct confrontation with China.
The plan is a somewhat softer implementation of Donald Trump's pre-election rhetoric, in which he attacked China for perceived currency manipulation.
Trump repeatedly accused China of "killing" the US on trade by manipulating its currency to make its exports more competitive in the global market.
"We can't continue to allow China to rape our country, and that's what they're doing," Trump told a campaign rally in Indiana in May 2016.
Gary Hufbauer, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, told Radio Sputnik that if the US tries to penalize China for perceived currency manipulation, the dispute could end up before a WTO tribunal
"This has a long way to travel, but it's the beginning of what might be a conflict over currency values," Hufbauer said.
"Defining currency manipulation is not easy, and assessing how much currency manipulation amounts to a subsidy is another difficult question and if the US does this on its own, without some sort of international agreement on what the appropriate definition is and how you go about measuring the subsidy, there is sure to be controversy and conflict over the practice."
A trade conflict between China and the US is unlikely to develop into a full-blown trade war, but "trade friction" is likely, Hufbauer said.
"I think there'll be a great many trade cases involving China, including [with respect to] this currency manipulation area. I don't think it will erupt into a full-fledged trade war, but a lot of trade skirmishes, a lot of friction looks like the path the administration is prepared to pursue."
© AFP 2016/ STR Chinese Yuan's Popularity on the Rise in Russian Financial Market
Based on past practice, China is likely to retaliate against any protective measures the US imposes, "at least matching what the US or some other country gives. That's the Chinese way."
In another twist, the IMF and other international observers have found no evidence that China is actually undervaluing the yuan at the current time.
"Today, what the Chinese authorities are doing, is actually buying renminbi, they're trying to prop up its value. That's exactly the opposite of what's being asserted in Washington. So, all in all there are a lot of curious twists in this case."
Have you heard the news? Sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
A A
PEORIA, Ariz. — Felix Hernandez arrived for Seattle Mariners spring training on Tuesday already ahead in his offseason preparation from previous years.
It's the result of the World Baseball Classic and his determination to prove last year's struggles were an anomaly.
“I've got to prove people wrong,” Hernandez said after taking his physical with the Mariners. “I feel fine. I'm healthy. That's the main thing.”
How Hernandez approached the offseason was one of Seattle's big questions after watching its ace have a rocky 2016 season that included a lengthy stint on the disabled list due to a leg injury. Hernandez was 11-8 with a 3.82 ERA in 25 starts last season. It was the fewest starts in a full season in his career and his ERA was its highest since 2007. He walked more batters, struck out fewer and was prone to giving up the long ball.
It was unlike the Hernandez most have come to expect, which made how he would respond one of the big topics that could ultimately determine how good Seattle is in 2017.
“The offseason has been good to me,” Hernandez said.
Hernandez spent most of his time in Miami working out with the same trainer — Iron Glenn — who has worked out teammates Nelson Cruz and Robinson Cano in previous seasons. Hernandez reported at 224 pounds, which is up from last season when he reported at 207, but he believes the increased weight comes via strength that will help him last the season.
“Working on everything. The whole body, to be balanced, left and right side,” Hernandez said. “(We) do a lot of bands. We do a lot of stuff.”
Hernandez also had a brief two-game stint in the Venezuelan Winter League to start getting ready for the World Baseball Classic.
Hernandez said he still needed to finalize his pitching schedule with the Mariners staff but is likely to throw in two spring training games before joining Venezuela. Hernandez expects to pitch the pool play opener for his country on March 10 against Puerto Rico. Hernandez did not pitch for Venezuela during the 2013 WBC.
“It means a lot. I think we've got a pretty good team to win the whole thing,” he said.
Hernandez will also spend the early days of spring training figuring out Seattle's overhauled roster. There are just eight players remaining on the 40-man roster from when general manager Jerry Dipoto took over in September 2015.
“There are a lot of new faces. I have to sit down and see who the guys (are),” Hernandez said. “But we look different. More athletic.”
A former Labor senator has jumped ship to the Liberals after nearly four decades in the ALP.
"Labor was not offering me a lot of comfort," Joe Bullock told the ABC on Thursday after his decision, but added he has no intention of running for parliament again.
Mr Bullock quit the Senate in 2016 over Labor's support for same-sex marriage. He told the ABC he felt "isolated and lonely" within the Labor ranks.
Wishing his former colleague well, Labor frontbencher Brendan O'Connor said Mr Bullock had perhaps been on "a long journey" towards the Liberal party.
"He's always been quite conservative in many respects and maybe he's now found his natural home," Mr O'Connor told reporters in Canberra.
Coalition backbencher Luke Howarth offered a wary welcome to Mr Bullock's move to join the Liberal party fold.
"If he's seen the light and woken up to himself, good on him," Mr Howarth said.
Indian Finance Minister Arun Jaitley attends a seminar on the Goods and Services Tax (GST) issues during the Vibrant Gujarat investor summit in Gandhinagar, India January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Amit Dave
NEW DELHI India's lower house of parliament on Wednesday passed key legislations, putting Asia's third-largest economy on course to launch a nationwide goods and services tax (GST) from July.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley aims to roll out the new sales tax from July 1 that will subsume a slew of federal and state levies, transforming a nation of more than 1.2 billion population into a single market.
What Jaitley calls the biggest tax reform since independence in 1947 is expected to boost economic growth by about 0.5 percentage points in its first year of implementation.
The four bills, passed by the lower house, would next be presented before the upper house of parliament.
Proposed tax rates range from 5 to 28 percent, with 12 percent and 18 percent being the standard rates. It has not been decided yet which tax rates will apply to which categories of goods.
(Reporting by Rajesh Kumar Singh; Editing by Malini Menon)
People have called it the dumbest thing ever heard on radio… Which is why we do it every morning at 6:05 am. It's Shock Collar Question of the Day! Answer the trivia question correctly, and you don't get shocked. But if you get it wrong, you WILL suffer the consequences.
JAMES Magnussen has hit back at criticism from Olympic gold medallist Ashley Callus, saying his comments that the sprinter shouldn't be considered in the Commonwealth Games mix “show a complete lack of class”.
Magnussen on Monday night beat a crack field including Olympic champion Kyle Chalmers and Cameron McEvoy, the fastest man in history in a textile suit, to win the 100m freestyle at the Queensland championships.
BACKSTROKE STAR: LARKIN MAY ADD INDIVIDUAL MEDLEY
His win came just days after Callus, an Olympic relay gold medallist in Sydney, questioned the 26-year-old's relevance, saying he “hasn't done anything in four years”.
Magnussen said Callus's comments had been “water off a duck's back” and denied they had inspired his win.
Camera Icon James Magnussen powers down the pool. Picture: News Corp Australia
But he fired back at the Gold Coast coach, who mentors two-time Olympian James Roberts, another of the men Magnussen beat last night.
“I think that shows a complete lack of class,” Magnussen said of Callus's comments.
“I'm never going to stoop to that level.
“There's a really relevant quote that I think relates to that and that is: ‘winners focus on winning and losers focus on winners'.
“I'm never going to talk about anybody else in the media, just focus on my own backyard.
“I only take into consideration people's opinion that I respect and are within my circle.
“Other than that, I've seen and heard it all in my career now, so it really doesn't affect me.”
Magnussen touched the wall in 49.23 sec to win a relatively slow final in which he relegated teens Jack Cartwright (49.33) and Chalmers (49.60) to the lower tiers of the podium.
Brisbane's Clyde Lewis was fourth, ahead of Gold Coasters Roberts and McEvoy.
Magnussen qualified fastest for the final and was the only swimmer from the morning heats to break 49 sec.
“It was all right, I think it was a really good race,” Magnussen said.
“Everyone that's going to be at trials was there tonight, so I got a good feel for where we're all at.
“I felt like I could have gone a little bit faster but it was just one of those races where no one went that quick. I'm just concentrating on winning and did that.”
Camera Icon Sisters Bronte and Cate Campbell. Picture: News Corp Australia
Earlier, Cate Campbell cruised to win the women's 100m in 52.69 sec, ahead of sister Bronte Campbell (53.75) and Shayna Jack (53.81).
The standout performance belonged to teenage sensation Ariarne Titmus, who sent another warning across the Commonwealth and perhaps as far as US distance queen Katie Ledecky with her second personal best of the meet in the 400m freestyle.
Titmus dominated from the start, taking down Jessica Ashwood's two-year-old Australian record with a time of 4.02.86.
Admitting 20-year-old Ledecky is her idol and primary target, Titmus said she was striving to achieve the 3.58.37 the Olympic Gold medallist recorded as a 17-year-old at the Pan Pacific championships on the Gold Coast in 2014.
“She's definitely an inspiration to me, and she is still so young,'' said Titmus, who also smashed her personal best in winning the 200m on Sunday night.
“She's only three years older than me, at the same age she was doing about three fifty eight in full taper, so I'm not that far behind.''
Olympic champion Mack Horton, who won the 400m freestyle final, said he was blown away by the teenager's ability to consistently better her times.
“It is crazy to be honest, I am just here battling it out in heavy training and trying to break three fifty and she's breaking Australian records,'' he said. “It is madness.''
Emily Seebohm won the women's 100m backstroke final.
Flyer shows bag that held explosive that injured teenager
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 This photo provided by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms shows a nerdy released flyer seeking information on an explosive device that detonated in New York City's Central Park on July 3, 2016 that caused a man to lose part of his leg. Officials with the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives released an image of a clear shopping bag on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, the second anniversary of the explosion. They say the device that injured 19-year-old Connor Golden, of Fairfax, Virginia, was in the bag.(Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms via AP) less This photo provided by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms shows a nerdy released flyer seeking information on an explosive device that detonated in New York City's Central Park on July 3, 2016 that ... more Photo: AP Image 2 of 3 Files - In this July 3, 2016 file photo, first responders tend to Connor Golden, a teenage tourist from Virginia, after he was injured by an explosive device in New York City's Central Park. Hoping to garner new leads officials with the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives released an image of a clear shopping bag on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, the second anniversary of the explosion. They say the device that injured Golden was in the bag. less FILE - In this July 3, 2016 file photo, first responders tend to Connor Golden, a teenage tourist from Virginia, after he was injured by an explosive device in New York City's Central Park. Hoping to garner new ... more Photo: Andres Kudacki, AP Image 3 of 3 Flyer shows bag that held explosive that injured teenager 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
NEW YORK (AP) — Investigators have released a flyer featuring a new clue in the unsolved case of a teenager who stepped on an explosive device in New York's Central Park and lost part of his leg.
The federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives released an image of a clear shopping bag on Tuesday, the second anniversary of the explosion. The bureau says the device that injured 19-year-old Connor Golden, of Fairfax, Virginia, was in the bag.
Golden was at the park on July 3, 2016, when he stepped on a rock covering the device. His left leg was later amputated below the knee.
Police are offering a $40,000 reward for information about the crime.
The bag pictured in the new flyer is from a New Jersey baker called La Unica (OOH'-nee-kah).
A MAN accused of stealing more than 80 cattle from a farm 60km northeast of Adelaide has been arrested and will face court today.
Detectives from Operation Poach — which is tasked with stamping out livestock theft across the state — arrested a 52-year-old Tungkillo man yesterday.
Police will allege that 81 Santa Gertrudis x heifers were taken from a Tungkillo property after they were put there in May.
The cattle owner discovered livestock was missing in September.
The arrested man was charged with theft and was refused bail to appear in the Murray Bridge Magistrates Court today.
Operation Poach was introduced in 2011.
Cricket - India v Australia - Fourth Test cricket match - Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium, Dharamsala - 28/03/17 - India's Virat Kohli receives the ICC Test Mace from former Indian cricket player Sunil Gavaskar (R) after India won the test series against... REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
DHARAMSALA, India India must not rest on their laurels after a highly successful home season and must focus on winning abroad, captain Virat Kohli said after their 2-1 series win over Australia on Tuesday.
The Indian team retained the ICC Test Championship mace and pocketed a $1 million cash award after cementing their top ranking with a seventh series victory in a row.
India's eight-wicket win at Dharamsala marked the end of their 13-test home season, which included 10 wins, two draws and a solitary loss to Australia.
When it was suggested that he could afford a bigger smile, Kohli said; "It's a classic case of understanding that this is not the end of anything. No need to get over-excited with whatever we have done.
"We are very happy with number one ranking in the world but our main challenge begins now. If we can conquer the overseas season, that's when you will see a broader smile on my face when I sit down for the press conference."
Kohli believes he finally has the necessary fast bowling resources for the team to rectify their reputation as poor travellers, beginning with a tour of South Africa later this year.
"Few of the guys have told me that the kind of fast bowling bunch that we have now gives us a good chance to go outside India and put in good performances," Kohli, who missed the final test against Australia due to a shoulder injury, said.
"I'm certainly very sure and positive about the fact that these guys can deliver away from home.
"The fitness levels have gone up and relentlessness of their bowling and the consistency have improved," he added.
"I'm sure they will be able to sustain this for longer periods when we go overseas, and not let the game drift away. Pretty excited about what lies ahead for us as a team."
Often accused of not taking test cricket seriously enough, India announced a bumper home season last year and its importance was not lost on Kohli.
"It's a very proud moment - playing good cricket all season, especially in the home season, and we dominated all of it," Kohli said.
"It was very important for a young side to do so and build a team for the future, so that we can give such performances consistently."
Kohli gave a rather lukewarm response when India briefly topped the rankings after their success in West Indies last year but the India captain is relishing the tag now.
"I wasn't too excited about it (then) because it was a short-term thing," the 28-year-old said.
"But now I can sit down and be proud of what the guys have been able to achieve since then.
"Not just one or two guys, but everyone has contributed throughout the season. If you don't have a team performance, you can't be the number one team in the world. As simple as that."
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
Cyclists Enjoyed a Car-Free and Carefree LSD on Bike the Drive
Cyclists from across the Chicagoland area gathered near Lake Michigan on a sweltering Sunday morning for the unofficial kickoff to the summer cycling season, Bike the Drive. It's the most important annual fundraiser for the Active Transportation Alliance advocacy group.
For 17 years, cyclists ranging from small children pedaling on trailer bikes to high-speed racers zooming by on pricey titanium-frame cycles have taken over Lake Shore Drive for a few hours on the Sunday of Memorial Day weekend for the rare opportunity of biking in the city without a car in sight.
Normally this street is bumper to bumper with cars honking. Instead of car fumes, today you can smell Lake Michigan. https://t.co/hDx7Wmi9tC #bikechi #bikethedrive pic.twitter.com/JawprxQ9Mv — Bike Lane Uprising (@bikelaneuprise) May 27, 2018
“This is actually my first bike ride since I was little,” said 31-year-old Chianne, a native Chicagoan who did this year's Bike the Drive on a Divvy, alongside her daughter.
Chianne and her daughter, who had been itching to ride since getting a bike of her own, rode from Grant Park to 39th Street and back before enjoying the post-ride festival in the park.
“We went south, and when got to 39th we took a picture in front of the ‘You Are Beautiful' sign,” Chianne said. The experience, she said, encouraged her to bike more in the city.
“I've never rode one of these bikes,” she said of the Divvy, giving the wheels a little bounce. “These bikes aren't too bad, neither.”
Another Chicago-based participant, Deon, had done the ride in the past, but preferred this years weather, even as the temps crept into the mid-90s by morning.
“The weather was a little better this year. But no issues,” he said. His normal route is the Lakefront Trail, but today biked from 39th to North Avenue and back with some family members — and the family dog — in tow.
“My favorite part is probably the [Outer Drive] Bridge over the river ‘cause you get the speed going down,” Deon said. So far, he hasn't been able to convince more of his friends to join him on the city streets during typical days.
“It's just good exercise for me.”
Deon observed that, apart from the good condition of the drive compared to parts of the Lakefront Trail, Sunday's event brought out a variety of cyclists — “people who do it everyday, new bikers, experienced bikers” — not usually seen on the city streets, or even the Lakefront Trail.
It was telling that, among the Bike the Drive participants who discussed their experience, none were hesitant to do the ride despite age, fitness level or lack of familiarity with riding in groups; far fewer were comfortable riding on the city's car-choked roadways.
Anna, an 11-year-old first-timer who brought a stuffed pig along in her handlebar basket for company, biked most of the distance to 31st Street with her father and said the fact that she could ride on the street was the part she liked best. (The young cyclist was pleased to know that even real pigs sometimes get to join in Chicago's group rides).
Carolyn, an Orland Park resident, came to the city with her husband and their recumbent bikes to do the ride for the first time.
“It was all good. Sunrise was great. We started at 5:30 [a.m.],” she said. “Normally we ride around Tinley Park and Orland Park. But we decided to come out this year; we're training for Ragbrai.”
Normally a suburban bike trail rider, Carolyn and her husband said they were hooked — at least on the annual closed-to-cars ride.
“We loved it. We did everything, north and south, the whole 30, starting from Grant Park,” she said.
The more than 20,000 estimated participants gradually cleared the drive around 10:30 a.m. as cars were reintroduced onto the highway and the cyclists fanned out back to their usual routes on the street.
Hours later, after all traces of the bike riders had vanished from the drive, Ald. Brian Hopkins, whose 2nd Ward encompasses some of the most popular bike routes in the city, mused on Twitter about a future where an event like Bike the Drive isn't just an anomaly of a few hours each year.
“[M]aybe someday we will see a world where cars have just one special day each year to take Lake Shore Drive away from the bikes.”
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Even though Burger King doesn't traditionally serve doughnuts, this year, the fast food chain wants to get in on the action for National Doughnut Day.
On June 1, they will be releasing what they're calling the “Whopper Donut.” The creation isn't sweet, though—it's basically the classic Whopper burger with a hole cut out from the middle to make it look the beloved pastry. But don't worry, you're not losing out on a part of your burger: It will be served on the side as a bite-sized treat.
Only five select locations (see below) will be selling the creation, which means you have to live in Boston, Miami Beach, Los Angeles, New York City or Salt Lake City in order to get your hands on it.
Burger King
128 Tremont Street in Boston 1100 – 5th Street in Miami Beach 1601 N. Hacienda Boulevard in Los Angeles 327 West 42nd Street in New York City 2450 S 1900 W in Salt Lake City
(Adds related content, no change to text)
PARIS, April 30 Airbus Chief Executive Tom Enders has offered support for French presidential hopeful Emmanuel Macron, just days ahead of the second round of an election that will pit the centrist, pro-European candidate against far-right Marine Le Pen.
In a letter dated April 24 and published by the French newspaper l'Opinion, Enders said he was pleased Macron had made Europe and the Franco-German relationship a priority.
"This is a fundamental issue for a company like ours," Enders said, referring to Airbus, whose foundation lies in European cooperation.
A spokesman with Airbus confirmed the authenticity of the document, adding it was a personal one that had not been intended for publication.
Germany's Enders came out in favour of Britain staying in the European Union and wrote to employees to ask them to vote in the last European elections, drawing criticism from unions.
Polls predict Macron, a former economy minister, will win the May 7 run-off with about 59 to 60 percent of the vote. But the momentum has recently shifted to Le Pen, who has clawed back about five percentage points over the past week.
(Reporting by Matthias Blamont, Tim Hepher, editing by Larry King)
'It's always a special moment when you see something for real that you've studied'
Self-Portrait, 1815, by Francisco de Goya y Lucientes (1746–1828), 18in by 14in, Prado Museum, Madrid, Spain
Moray MacLennan says:
I was taught History of Art by a painter. He had zero knowledge of the “history” bit, just the “art” bit. We learnt together. Irresponsible of the school, but fun. One day, we turned the page of the textbook onto this image. He was silent for a time and then said: “Just look.” Later, when he had read the blurb, he added: “They didn't need to tell us he was going deaf, you can see through the paint he's cut off from the world.” I saw the painting in the Prado a decade later. It's always a special moment when you see something for real that you've studied.
Moray MacLennan is CEO of advertising agency M&C Saatchi.
John McEwen comments on Self-Portrait:
Goya only began doing portraits in his thirties, but they would constitute a third of his output as a painter. He was appointed Deputy Director of the Spanish Royal Academy in 1785, Director of Painting in 1795 and Painter to the King in 1799.
As honest in his portraits as he was unorthodox in his ideas, he told his students: ‘There are no rules in painting. To make everyone study in the same way and follow the same path compulsorily seriously impedes the development of young people who practise this difficult art: an art which is nearer to the divine than any other, since it is concerned with everything God created.'
His son Javier later recalled: ‘He looked with veneration at Velázquez and Rembrandt, but above all he looked at Nature, whom he called his mistress.' The year of that student address, 1792, a severe illness left him deaf for life, soon forcing him to resign his academic post.
This late portrait followed years of turbulence and war: the imposition of French rule under Napoleon's brother Joseph Bonaparte and the reinstatement of the Spanish Ferdinand VII, whose repressive reign would soon force Goya into French exile. In April, he was finally cleared of collaboration with the Napoleonic regime. Similarly, the Inquisition withdrew its enquiry into five ‘obscene paintings', one the famous Naked Maja.
With characteristic honesty, Goya portrayed himself understandably dishevelled—wig askew, grey hair showing, shirt disarranged—as he resigned himself to old age.
February 15, 2017
by Canadian Manufacturing.com Staff
DEARBORN, Mich.—Ford Motor Co. is planning to hit its vehicles with hurricane-force winds.
Aiming to boost its vehicles' fuel efficiency and performance, the U.S. automaker has announced plans to build a new $200 million wind tunnel complex at its vehicle test facility in the Detroit suburbs.
The site will include “next-generation” rolling road aerodynamic wind tunnel as well as a climactic chamber that reach a blistering 60 C (140 F) or drop to a chilling -40 C (-40 F).
“This new wind tunnel facility will not only allow us to test our performance and racing vehicle line-up but will also enable us to share innovations across all our global Ford products,” Dave Pericak, global director of Ford Performance, said in a statement.
Designed to simulate airflow conditions at vehicle speeds of as much as 320 km/h (200 mph), the new Allen Park, Mich. complex will accommodate both regular vehicles and track-ready performance cars. Ford says the site will help it improve the fuel economy and performance of its vehicles.
The company plans to start construction on the new wind tunnel facility this year.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - SM Investments Corp:
* SM INVESTMENTS CORP - REFERS TO ARTICLE TITLED “SM BACKS OUT OF GOLDILOCKS ACQUISITION, ANTI-TRUST BODY SAYS” IN ABS-CBNNEWS.COM ON FEB 1‍​
* SM INVESTMENTS CORP -REGARDING PROPOSED ACQUISITION BY SM RETAIL OF GOLDILOCKS, BOTH SM & GOLDILOCKS JOINTLY AGREED NOT TO PURSUE TRANSACTION‍​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The criticism came swiftly last week after the Atlantic magazine published a writer's account saying that Sen. Al Franken "groped" her in 2009 by putting his hand on her waist during a photo op, "grabbing a handful of flesh" and squeezing at least twice.
"I'm sorry, is that sexual assault now? To squeeze someone's waist?" one Twitter user wrote.
"And this is your definition of a grope? Come on! This accusation trivializes real predation and abuse. Knock it off!" a woman echoed on Facebook.
"We are officially offtherails," another posted.
It was the type of backlash some feared. As a reckoning over sexual harassment sweeps the country, leaders in business, academia and other walks of life are pushing to sustain the momentum and ensure a positive, lasting cultural change without it getting derailed by politics, social media frenzies and outsize responses to infractions many deem small.
Cam Newton, the quarterback of the Carolina Panthers, apologized Thursday for making sexist remarks to a female reporter.
“After careful thought, I understand that my word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful to women,” the football player said in a video posted on Twitter.
Newton came under fire after a news conference Wednesday when Jourdan Rodrigue of The Charlotte Observer posed a question about the route-running of his teammate and wide-receiver, Devin Funchess. “It's funny to hear a female talk about routes,” Newton responded, grinning widely and emphasizing the word “routes.”
“I don't think it's “funny” to be a female and talk about routes. I think it's my job.” Rodrigue wrote on Twitter.
On Thursday following Newton's comments, Dannon dropped its sponsorship of the 28-year-old athlete, who has repped the company's Oikos yogurt since 2015.
“We are shocked and disheartened at the behavior and comments of Cam Newton toward Jourdan Rodrigue, which we perceive as sexist and disparaging to all women,” read a statement from Dannon. “It is entirely inconsistent with our commitment to fostering equality and inclusion in every workplace. It's simply not O.K. to belittle anyone based on gender.”
RELATED VIDEO: All In With Cam Newton: Cam Out of His Element
“I'm a man who tries to be a positive role model in my community and tries to use my platform to inspire others. I take ownership to everything that comes with that. And what I did was extremely unacceptable,” Newton said in his apology.
“The fact that during this whole process I've already lost sponsors and countless fans, I realize that the joke is really on me,” Newton said. “I've learned a valuable lesson from this.”
This article originally appeared on Fortune.com
TeamBC took home a record 146 medals at the Canada Summer Games in Winnipeg. That got the province second place to Ontario's 212 medals at the national sporting event which saw thousands of athletes from all over the country compete for gold.
It was the last medal of the Summer Games that broke the previous record of 145, a gold won by the women's softball team on Sunday.
WATCH: Highlights form the games:
The list of gold medal winners is:
Jerome Blake, Kelowna – men's 200-m race
Malcolm Jovahny Borsoi – men's 200-m Special Olympics race
Jesse Hooton, Surrey – men's 5000-m race
Jackson Cheung, Vancouver – men's 110-m hurdles
Megan Champoux, Aldergrove – women's 400-m hurdles
Jake Hanna, Surrey – men's 400-m hurdles
Grace Fetherstonhaugh, New Westminster – women's 3000-m steeplechase
TeamBC – women's 100-m relay, men's 100-m relay
David Thomas Boyd, Victoria – men's pole vault
Dakoda Darling, Grand Forks – men's para pole shot put
Kaila Butler, Port Coquitlam – women's hammer
Sam Willett, Victoria – men's hammer
Cassidy MacPherson, Maple Ridge – women's canoe/kayak 5000-m
Gillian Ellsay, Courtenay – women's individual cycling time trial, cycling criterium
Rhys Harley Verner, Squamish – men's mountain bike sprint
TeamBC – men's mountain bike relay
TeamBC – women's rowing lightweight double sculls, women's rowing pair, women's rowing four, women's rowing eight with coxswain
TeamBC – women's softball
Tyler Wall, Penticton – men's 100-m freestyle, men's 50-m freestyle
Jesse Shade, Campbell River – men's special olympics 100-m freestyle, men's Special Olympics 100-m freestyle, men's Special Olympics 50-m breaststroke, men's Special Olympics 100-m backstroke
Raben Dommann, North Vancouver, men's 400-m freestyle, 800-m freestyle, 1,500-m freestyle, men's 5000-m open water
TeamBC – men's 200-m freestyle relay, women's 200-m freestyle relay
Genny Verge, Sechelt – women's Special Olympics 100-m backstroke
Acacia Kathryn Benn, Penticton – women's 200-m backstroke
Bailey Paula Herbert, Surrey – 200-m medley, 400-m medley
Desirae Ridenour, Cowichan Bay – women's triathlon
TeamBC – men's triathlon relay, women's triathlon relay, mixed triathlon relay
TeamBC – men's beach volleyball
TeamBC – women's wrestling team
Emilee Lai, Coquitlam – women's wrestling 38-40 kg
Alexia Seal, Mission – women's wrestling up to 44 kg
Jacqueline Lew, Coquitlam – women's wrestling up to 52 kg
Victoria Seal, B.C. – women's wrestling up to 56 kg
Jade Trolland, Abbotsford – women's wrestling up to 60 kg
Sara Brinkac, Burnaby – women's wrestling up to 64 kg
Ana Paula Godinez, B.C. – women's wrestling up to 69 g
For the other winners, visit the Canada Summer Games site here.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
COPE, Colo. — A farmer feels grateful to be alive after he was forced to lay in a ditch when he found himself surrounded by three tornadoes Monday.
Aaron Brown told KDVR he was out finishing work in his field near Cope, on the eastern plains of Colorado, when he saw the weather around him take a turn.
“The storm was coming up pretty quick,” said Brown.
“It was pretty intense.” This farmer says he was surrounded by tornados yesterday when his truck got stuck in the sand. He and three other people hid in a ditch as he watched tornados touch down around him. He spotted three total — two are in this video he shared with us. #KDVR pic.twitter.com/oxtRD337to — Emily Allen FOX31 (@EmilyAReports) May 29, 2018
Brown and three others tried to drive to safety, but their truck was stuck in the sand in the field. He watched as a tornado touched down in front of him. He turned around to see two more tornadoes on the other side of his truck. The group of four ran to a dry river bank because it was the lowest and safest place they could get to.
“It was pretty intense. I was pretty scared,” said Brown.
Eventually, the threat passed, and Brown and his crew walked away unscathed.
“God is good. That's all I can say. We were very lucky and blessed,” said Brown.
In Cope, the Hill's garage was destroyed during the severe storm. The Hill family was in Greeley when it hit and they found out the extent of the damage when a neighbor called to alert them that their garage was pressed against their house.
“We are cleaning up, hoping to rebuild. See what the insurance says and go from there,” said Linda Hill.
On Monday, they spent the day cleaning up and sorting through the debris.
“Very overwhelming,” said Linda Hill.
The National Weather Service said there were 14 tornadoes reported between 5 p.m. and 6:30 p.m. in Colorado. The experts were working to confirm the actual number of tornadoes that formed during the severe weather outbreak.
THE NRL has vowed to review the third-party agreement system in an effort to rid the game of salary cap rorting once and for all.
The Rugby League Players Association revealed in a statement the governing body has agreed to review the TPA system, which it says is largely to blame for clubs breaching the salary cap.
It comes in the wake of Manly being issued a breach notice after the NRL claimed to have found potential salary cap rorting over the past five years.
Two Sea Eagles officials have also been issued show cause notices and could be deregistered as punishment.
Now the NRL could completely overhaul the third-party system that often pushes clubs over the salary cap.
“What the preliminary findings do highlight is the need to review the current third-party agreement system,” the RLPA said.
“Unfortunately, this is not the first time that salary cap breaches have been exposed which have a direct link to the negotiation and agreement of third party arrangements.
“As part of the collective bargaining agreement negotiations, the NRL and RLPA have agreed to undertake a review of the TPA system.
“While we do not have any fixed views on the system or how it could be improved, we look forward to working with the NRL and other key stakeholders to review the current arrangements.
“We stress that the review is not a direct consequence of the preliminary findings in relation to the Sea Eagles. However, the findings do reinforce the need to discuss improvements to this space.”
Last week NRL 360 co-host Paul Kent delivered a mighty spray on Fox League, calling for the NRL to “throw out” third-party agreements altogether.
“Players can no longer argue they are being financially left in the lurch,” Kent said.
“It's only the top earners anyway that get the third-party agreements, no one wants to sponsor player numbr 25 on your roster.
“It's the top-end guys who are earning the big cash in their contracts, they're getting third parties, the NRL needs to get the whole lot and throw them out and say that's it, they are banned.”
Complete access to news articles on azcapitoltimes.com is available to Arizona Capitol Times' subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab below. Others may join our audience of successful Arizonans with a subscription today
A SpaceX rocket is ready to deliver one of the most high-tech payloads ever to the International Space Station.
The launch is scheduled for 12:31 p.m. ET. on Monday from NASA's Kennedy Space Center is Florida.
It marks the 12th unmanned resupply mission that SpaceX -- the private space exploration company headed by Tesla CEO Elon Musk -- has conducted for NASA since 2012.
Cargo missions are always packed with some interesting payloads -- typically several tons of experiment equipment, food and other provisions.
But Monday's mission will carry something the space station has never seen before: A supercomputer built by Hewlett Packard Enterprise, dubbed the "Spaceborne Computer."
If it works, it could be the most powerful commercial computer ever to operate in space.
Astronauts aboard the space station already have a bunch of devices you'd find at your local electronics store -- including HP laptops.
But a supercomputer is something different. It's a much more powerful piece of hardware that can crunch massive amounts of data and send the results to other computers in just moments.
According to Mark Fernandez, the HPE engineer who is heading up this new experiment, the space-bound supercomputer will have the ability to make one trillion calculations in a single second -- about 30 to 100 times more powerful than your average desktop computer.
Julie Robinson, the chief scientist for NASA's space station program, said if this supercomputer can function in the harsh conditions of space -- it'll be very exciting news for companies down here on earth.
Robinson points out that a huge point of interest for the private sector is taking high-quality satellite images of earth in order to track things like crop growth or oil exploration.
"What's happening is -- just as your TV now has so much more resolution -- the same thing is happening with [satellite imagery]," she said.
But the high-definition images require 200 to 300 times more data, which can clog up the communication pipeline between earth and space. That's where a supercomputer on board the space station would become hugely valuable, Robinson told CNNMoney.
"If you can process the data on board [the space station], you then only need to send down a subset of the data that's actually needed," she said.
Will the supercomputer work?
We'll find out soon enough. After launch on Monday, SpaceX's Dragon spacecraft will detach from the top portion of the rocket. It'll then fire up its own engines and spend about two days traveling through orbital space.
Then, it'll dock with the space station, and the astronauts on board can collect the payload.
Fernandez said HPE has volunteered to have its payload removed last, so it'll be a few days into September by the time the supercomputer makes its way onto the space station and is plugged in.
"If it powers up, that's going to be my first relief. I will be very excited then," Fernandez told CNNMoney.
MARTIN, Tenn. — Ja Morant scored 18 points, Jonathan Stark had 17 and Murray State used a late run to pull away from UT Martin 66-53 on Saturday night.
Morant grabbed a game-high eight rebounds and had five assists while Stark made five 3-pointers in the first half for the Racers (18-5, 10-2), who remained alone in second place behind Belmont (11-1) in the Ohio Valley Conference.
Morant's 3-pointer with nine minutes left gave the Racers the lead for good but it took a 12-0 run over the final 5:22 to put the game away. Terrell Miller Jr. and Shaq Buchanan scored 10 points each.
Matthew Butler scored 19 points and Fatodd Lewis 12 for the Skyhawks (8-17, 3-9).
Many Americans know very little about the nearly 400 think tanks occupying space in the nation's capital. Investigative journalist and senior editor of the Grayzone Project Max Blumenthal joins Loud & Clear on Radio Sputnik to pull back the veil on the organizations shaping the narrative inside the Beltway.
​"Think tanks have basically become kind of a money dump for foreign countries, arms manufacturers and corporations who are seeking to buy influence in Washington. And what they can do is not only install fellows, senior fellows and researchers who will push their line and do policy research that advances their imperatives — whether it's Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Turkey, pro-Israel interests or Lockheed Martin, BAE Systems, the British arms manufacturer, or Chevron," Blumenthal told Loud & Clear hosts John Kiriakou and Brian Becker.
According to the Brookings Institution, who receives most of its money from a handful of billionaires and the Persian Gulf state of Qatar, there are 393 think tanks in Washington, DC, and an additional 149 in the neighboring states of Virginia and Maryland, as of 2009. That number has likely grown since then, as America has opened new theaters of conflict across the Middle East and North Africa.
"I say they're all tank and no think," Blumenthal quipped.
"These are the funders of these gigantic institutions," Blumenthal said of the oil and arms giants and foreign governments bankrolling DC's marketplace of ideas. "And when I say gigantic, I mean in a physical sense. You look at the Brookings Institution, you look at The Atlantic Council, which occupies several floors of a building on K Street. You look at the New America Foundation, which has this gigantic office a block from the White House, and you have to wonder how they pay for that. I mean the rent and leasing in Washington is enormously expensive and you look at their funders and it's just a who's-who of the arms industry, gulf states, and supposed US allies, who in many cases are pushing permanent war or are responsible for some of the worst humanitarian catastrophes in the world," Blumenthal said.
© Sputnik / Neocon Think Tanks Not Russian Media Are the Enemy Within
The think tanks help shape US foreign policy and the national consensus around it through a shadowy web of "experts" who are cited across the mainstream media as independent analysts, despite their questionably independent revenue streams.
"The experts — who aren't really experts, they're simply people who are paid to play — are not really diverging in any way from the foreign policy establishment, unless they're moving further to the right," Blumenthal said. "And that's where you have the American Enterprise Institute, the home of the neocons. Their goal has always been to shift American foreign policy to the right. What they've done also is de-democratize the foreign policy debate, the foreign policy think tanks. They keep the public out of the discussion. If you want to find out about a think tank discussion, it's probably through the State Department bulletin that comes out, or the foreign press service, which is State Department-run."
For the layman to actually get a sense of how the sausage is made, "You have to RSVP," Blumenthal told Loud & Clear. But even then, citizens who question the establishment may be barred from such private events. "Last week, the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies, which is backed by the pro-Israel interests and Saudi Arabia, UAE and the arms industry, refused to allow me into a briefing they were holding, or discussion they were holding on elections in Lebanon and Iraq. They just simply refused to have me in there, because I'm Max Blumenthal, I guess."
Blumenthal further emphasized how the public is locked-out of the discussion. "Even outsider journalists are often not allowed into these events. But if you do attend them, you're going to see everything wrong with American foreign policy. It really is distilled perfectly into the think tank world."
Alternative Design Facts v. Real Facts in Digital Marketing
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
Alternative Design Facts v. Real Facts in Digital Marketing
The public struggles to parse fact from fiction on the latest political and societal news story, but marketers face an even sharper struggle when it comes to parsing the truth about website design trends.
The rise of various devices, web apps, and chatbot interfaces, has stirred designers and marketers into discussions about what HTML, CSS, and JavaScript elements ultimately bring value to consumers.
So let's look at what is an ADF (Alternative Design Fact) and a RF (Real Fact) in design elements that support a digital marketing strategy. The ADFs are not necessarily false or negative in and of themselves. But time and new influences shape how consumers appreciate a website or web app, which means deploying new combinations of site elements to match the new expectations.
ADF: Good SEO starts with improving keywords and links on a website v. RF: Good SEO starts with integrating search, social, and content
Evaluating links and keyword usage in search engine optimization have always been essential tactics in making a website discoverable on the Internet. But with the number of consumers using voice search is expected to grow – particularly among millennials, according to eMarketer - consumer discovery is happening through social media and on devices while consumers are on the go. Hence the SEO need to blend how social media and content are optimized as well. That means strengthening a social media presence, particularly with platforms where posts can appear in search queries (for example Twitter and Pinterest). It also means keywords in webpages and blog posts must be considered within the context of phrases that customers typical use.
ADF: You can only use color for webpage minimalism v. RF: You can also use images and opaque video for webpage minimalism
Whenever a marketer hears a website described as a minimalist design, the marketers will likely imagine a site page using a lot of white negative space in the background. Negative space allows search engines to scan text in context more easily as well, as providing a general visual focus for site visitors.
But high-resolution images and video for background can also be used for negative space. Be it a semi-opaque video or photos in a carousel, the point of image is to illustrate how your product or services benefit the customer.
Minimalism in web design means simplified elements with a shared association, such as pages that use colors from the same code color family. Real images and video – that means no stock imagery - can be treated the same way.
ADF: Having an extensive menu displays all products and services v. RF: A hamburger menu fosters clear product and service messages for visitors
Providing a series of drop downs from a navigation menu may be too much information particularly as consumers use tablets to access a site. Thus a hamburger menu icon may be better appropriate to simplify navigation items, keep information high on a given page and reduce clutter from page elements. Ultimately menus – or any page element - should provide the visitors a simple connection, allowing visitors to easily find the information they need, and perform all associated activities with ease.
ADF: All my business needs is a simple template-based website v. RF: Material Design framework allows for integrated experiences
Google's Material Design is a series of simple visual and functional elements, laid out in programming hierarchy to create highly usable sites and web apps. Material Design used a grid system for page elements so that a unified experience across platforms and device sizes is established. The end result is that screen input methods – be it screen touch, voice, mouse, and keyboard – are organized so that the users can conveniently accomplish tasks on a site or web app.
This design premise has gained traction over the past couple of years.
ADF: A Digital Analytics tag is all that is needed for measurement v. RF: Installing Data Layers Is Essential to a MarTech stack
There was a time where analytics was just a JavaScript tag. Today data layers are essential for sharing information among applications. Data layers describe all sorts of data, from metrics between a tag manager and A/B test solutions to product and service information across business intelligence solutions.
Thus marketers must verify that web elements provide information in a data format that an end solution understands. For example, a tag manager typically relies on JSON data to note activity triggered on a website.
Expectations evolve, so marketers must recognize evolution and website changes comes with the business territory. Websites are software, so implementing changes quickly is key to unlocking value from an element. For any debate about the effectiveness of an element, you have the option of testing it via A/B testing. There are plenty of options such as Google Optimize, which I cover here.
No matter where you are in your debate over a website or web app, you should always expect to refine your digital properties. Consumers are expecting new experiences, and that's a design fact everyone can agree upon.
Kiho Kim, a professor in the department of environmental sciences at American University, and his colleagues have examined the ratio of nitrogen isotopes in the coral on the eastern side of Guam, a US territory that has undergone disturbing ecological changes over the past six decades.
The study showed that the damage mostly came from nitrogen derived from sewage dumped by community sewage plants and septic tanks into the Togcha River watershed and flowing downstream to the reefs.
"For our study, we focused on nitrogen, which is commonly used in pollution studies because different sources of nitrogen have distinct ratios of heavy nitrogen (15N) to light nitrogen (14N)," Kim explained in the study, published in the journal Marine Pollution Bulletin.
"Fertilizer, for example, has a low ratio of heavy nitrogen to light nitrogen. Sewage, on the other hand, has a higher ratio of heavy nitrogen to light nitrogen. By analyzing the ratio of heavy to light nitrogen in the biological material, we can figure out where most of the nitrogen came from. Often, it's either fertilizer or sewage, the two common sources of nitrogen in coastal environments."
The researchers also noted that the nitrogen pollution they recorded correlated with the island's population, which grew tenfold between 1960 and 1980 alone.
Kim expressed concern over the impact of pollution and climate stress on coral reefs in Guam, but pointed out that there still are ways to neutralize the negative effects.
"In general, reefs are resilient and can come back if the stressor is removed. If we can clean up our coastal waters, perhaps the corals and other creatures can better adapt to climate change," he said.
"Technology is available to remove nutrients like nitrogen from sewage, although it's very expensive… But we have to weigh the costs of upgrading treatment plants against the costs of losing the reefs and the ecosystem. With the proper accounting, the math generally favors paying to protect the coral reefs and other coastal ecosystems."
Map of the restricted area around the Allie Lake wildfire provided by the BC Wildfire Service.
The Allie Lake wildfire is now 100 per cent contained.
“It sure is,” confirmed BC Wildfire Service information officer Jody Lucius. “We've upgraded the status of the fire from out of control to being held.”
Lucious said the service no longer expects the fire will grow any further due to the current weather and resources deployed to the fire.
More than seven millimetres of rain fell on the fire overnight, which the BC Wildfire Service noted as aiding suppression efforts.
“For public safety and to enable our crews to continue to work on suppression we do ask the public to remain out of that area,” said Lucious.
Fire crews are still working on fortifying guards already in place, moping up the fire's edges and extinguishing hot spots within the fire's perimeter. Assessments on trees in danger of falling will also be done in key areas of the fires in the coming days, as well as a scan of the fire to help identify more hot spots.
The area restriction order is still in place and recreation sites remain closed.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
ISTANBUL, April 30 The head of an Iranian satellite television network channel who last year was sentenced in absentia to six years in prison by a Tehran court was shot dead in Istanbul together with a business partner, Turkey's Dogan news agency said on Sunday.
GEM TV founder Saeed Karimian and another Iranian were driving in Istanbul's Maslak neighbourhood after 8 p.m. (1700 GMT) on Saturday when their car was stopped by a jeep and shots were fired, Dogan said.
Karimian was found dead by emergency services arriving at the scene, Dogan said. His associate was taken to hospital but could not be revived.
It was not clear if there were multiple shooters. The jeep was later found abandoned and burned. Istanbul police declined to comment on the shooting when contacted by Reuters.
Dogan quoted the mayor of Istanbul's Sariyer district as saying initial police findings suggested the shooting may have prompted by a financial disagreement involving Karimian.
GEM TV is known for entertainment satellite channels that dub foreign films and Western television programmes into Farsi for Iranians. It also produces movies and TV series.
But in Iran, where the government tries to instil Islamic values by strictly regulating popular culture, the satellite broadcaster's programming has angered authorities, who view it as part of a cultural "soft war" waged by the West.
Last year a Revolutionary Court in Tehran tried Karimian in absentia and sentenced him to six years in jail on charges of "acting against national security" and "propaganda against the state". (Reporting by Ece Toksabay; Additional reporting by Bozorgmehr Sharafedin; Writing by David Dolan; Editing by Ros Russell)
Kenneth Benning sat on the hay rack Saturday afternoon and talked about why events like the Northeast Iowa Antique Engine and Power Show are important.
There's the celebration of Northeast Iowa's agriculture heritage. There's the history of farming on display.
Instead, Benning, one of the original members of the Pioneer Power Acres club that has put on the show for 19 years, focused on a 9-year-old boy named Colin.
“He's a town kid, but he's watching a corn shredder working and he wants to be a farmer,” Benning said. “Maybe that's not possible, but I talked to him about being an engineer.”
Benning asked the little boy if he was smart? Yep. Are you really smart? “I think so.”
Benning smiled as he recalled the story.
“So I took him over to the shredder and let him see how it really looks and works,” he said. “I told him, ‘The same principles that make this work, the new combines use those principles.' And I told him we need kids like you to keep it going.”
Benning's been around the proverbial block, so he knows a thousand things could keep 9-year-old Colin from becoming a 20-something engineer.
The point, though, is this: He believes the Antique Engine and Power Show and events like it have the potential to change lives.
— For more on the Power Show, see the Aug. 15 Tribune
LIFE insurance bought online is the fastest-growing form of personal insurance protection, prompting warnings for consumers to ensure they know what they're paying for.
New research by Roy Morgan found the number of life insurance policies purchased online last year — 349,000 — has doubled since 2012, while policies bought through financial planners, brokers, branches or over the phone were flat or falling.
Life insurance purchased through employers — such as within super funds — also increased strongly to 821,000 new policies, the research found.
Roy Morgan industry communications director Norman Morris said there was a major transformation in insurance as people moved away from traditional brokers and salespeople.
He said buying life insurance online was often riskier because of many consumers' lack of knowledge. “When you think about how little people know about complex financial matters, the fact they are going to do it online has inherent risk.”
Camera Icon Certified financial planner Patrick Canion says it's dangerous to rely on algorithms. Picture: Supplied
Certified financial planner Patrick Canion said getting life insurance without professional help should only be done by people who understood exactly what they needed, types of cover, policy conditions and tax implications.
“Some people think they have life insurance cover bought online but they only have accidental death cover,” he said. The chance of people dying in an accident was “staggeringly small, so you end up getting something that's quite useless”.
WARNING: A love of sport can put your insurance at risk
Mr Canion said many cheap online policies were “dumbed down” and simplified without full underwriting, which increased the chances of claims being rejected.
“Why would you trust such an important decision to an algorithm?” he said.
Camera Icon NobleOak's Anthony Brown says online financial services have empowered people. Picture: News Corp Australia
Insurer NobleOak's chief executive officer, Anthony Brown, said a lack of upfront underwriting for some cheap online insurance policies meant that pre-existing medical conditions could make it unlikely that claims would be paid.
“We like products where you ask all those questions upfront and people can be confident there can be no surprises at claims time,” he said.
“There are a lot of online direct products that only ask a few questions upfront.”
Mr Brown said the online world had empowered people to take more control of their finances, with greater ability to learn about insurance types, compare products and work out how much cover they needed.
“Buying online makes a lot of sense if you do some of that work upfront,” he said.
“When it comes to taking the policy out, we still find people like calling us and talking to a real person over the phone.”
Mr Brown said ASIC's moneysmart.gov.au was a good source of independent information about life insurance.
@keanemoney
DAMASCUS (Sputnik) - Adults and children leaving Eastern Ghouta startle at the sound of automatic guns firing behind their backs and many of them start to cry when they see Syrian troops, realizing that they have reached a safe place.
For several days, the Syrian military, the representatives of the Russian Reconciliation Center, and the Red Crescent have been receiving tens of thousands of civilians, who, hungry and scared, walk through the humanitarian corridor into the unknown.
ANXIOUS ESCAPE
Lt. Somar is responsible for the most dangerous section of the humanitarian corridor in the city of Hamoryah. There are slightly over 600 feet between his soldiers and the militants. At the exits from the humanitarian corridor, Syrian troops meet the civilians and, shielding women and children, take them to the security zone.
"Since this morning, the terrorists have been shooting in the direction of the corridor. No one was killed, thank God, they are shooting to scare people off, to make them run back. They are trying to create an illusion for those still on the other side, that the Syrian army is shooting peaceful citizens, while my soldiers shield these poor people from their bullets, and we have lined all the way along our side of the corridor and to the buses with drinking water jugs," Somar told Sputnik.
© AP Photo/ SANA, File Liberation in Sight: Bashar Assad PICTURED in Eastern Ghouta
Apart from the Hamoryah corridor, there are other exits in the cities of Duma and Jisreen, but this one is the safest. In four days, almost 50,000 people have successfully escaped. There are about 300,000 people still held by the terrorists. As the Syrian army is pressing deeper into Ghouta , those people have a chance to escape.
MEETING THE FAMILY
One of the soldiers spots his sister, and his brother's wife and children in the crowd. The man immediately forgets he is on duty and rushes through the crowd, crying out their names. The women burst into sobs and fling their arms around his neck. As the man is holding his little niece in his arms, tears come streaming down his face.
"This is my niece and this is my nephew. We have not seen each other in four years, and have been waiting for a meeting that might have never happened. Look what they have done to them – they are tired, hungry and scared," the soldier said.
FEAR IN GHOUTA
After the heart-wrenching scene, Somar and I decide to go over to the edge of the corridor to meet the flow of refugees. As people emerge from the corridor, they immediately start thanking us, hugging us, and asking for water.
"How far are the buses? We have been walking for two hours as bullets flew around us. We have not eaten in three days. I cannot do this anymore," a woman with a child in her arms stated, falling to her knees.
"Get some rest. The bullets will not get you here. You have passed through the corridor, there is no need to hurry now," Somar said, offering her a glass of water.
A man with a child in his arms said that the ending of hostilities in Ghouta was obvious. The terrorists are chaotic – some leave their weapons and try to blend into the crowds of refugees, others run to the parts of Ghouta, which the Syrian army has not yet reached.
© Sputnik/ Muhamad Maruf Eastern Ghouta Humanitarian Corridors in Action (VIDEO)
"You have no idea what we have been through. One family was allowed a couple of flat-breads a day. A kilo of rice cost 5,000 —6,000 [Syrian] pounds ($10-$12), one cigarette – 1,500 pounds, sugar – 5,000 pounds. The terrorists took away all humanitarian help, made us live in basements, saying that the army might attack. My children have not washed in days. Needless to say, there was no medical help whatsoever," the man keeps on talking, collapsing on the bench near his wife.
BETTER WALK THAN DIE
Surrounded by the concrete ruins of Hamoryah, people keep on walking. Many young women are pregnant. Older children help their parents carry younger brothers and sisters. Rocks and pieces of iron do not seem to bother barefoot kids. It seems that fear pushes them forward.
"No, we're scared," a seven-year-old boy replied, when soldiers offered him a candy. The kids change their minds after their mother's reassuring nod, faint smiles light up their faces.
"Please save them. There are thousands of civilians there," the boy's mother said.
Since the humanitarian pauses started, the militants have been threatening to shoot anyone who wanted to escape Eastern Ghouta. Last week, several young people were executed, after they raised the state flag during a demonstration in support of the Syrian government.
© AP Photo/ SANA, File Liberation in Sight: Bashar Assad PICTURED in Eastern Ghouta
At the entrance of the humanitarian corridor, where we are talking to the civilians, there is is the body of a man – only a few feet between him and the safe zone. Blood is running from a wound on his back.
Another body – now of a middle-aged woman is lying at the gathering spot close to the buses. There are many of seeking medical help, and not enough ambulances to evacuate all those in need.
"Mother's heart failed, when the terrorists started shooting, she died on the way, when some 1,500 feet were left. Men carried her here in a blanket," a young woman says quietly.
Another middle-aged woman passes by, she breaks a dried flat-bread in two with her trembling hands and gives one half to the daughter of the deceased.
The buses keep cruising between the gathering spot in Ghouta and rehabilitation centers, where people can get hot meals, medical attention, and warm water that, along with dirt, they can wash away the terrors of the past.
© AP Photo/ Drew Angerer / GETTY IMAGES NORTH AMERICA Ex-Security Advisor Flynn Victim of 'Political Assassination' - US Congressman
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The reason behind US National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's resignation amid allegations of his ties with Russia was the fact that US President Donald Trump's administration members are split over the issue of relations with Moscow, senior member of the Russian parliament's upper house Alexey Pushkov told Sputnik on Wednesday.
"I think the internal fragmentation of Trump's administration on the issue of relations with Russia has played a role here," Pushkov said, commenting on Flynn's resignation.
Pushkov stressed that Flynn was not a pro-Russian politician, but had advocated cooperation with Russia on just one issue – combating the Islamic State (ISIL or Daesh, outlawed in Russia) terrorist organization. Due to this fact, he was rejected by "the political and media elite outside of the administration", although some members of Trump's administration, "people like [US Secretary of Defense James Norman] Mattis and [Director of the Central Intelligence Agency Michael] Pompeo, are [also] quite satisfied with the resignation of Flynn".
© AFP 2016/ Eduardo Munoz Alvarez The Trump Team's First Loss: Who Was Behind Flynn's Resignation
Pushkov also added that Trump's decisions are being "restrained" in order to make him follow his predecessor Barack Obama's suit in terms of foreign policy, especially concerning the future of NATO, fighting the Daesh in Syria, and US-Russia relations. Pushkov emphasized the example of issuing a stay on Trump's travel ban from seven Muslim-majority nations, calling this decision "legal in form, but as a matter of fact – political".
Late on Monday, Flynn resigned after he was repeatedly accused of having discussed sanctions with Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak in December and hiding the details. Flynn's phone communications with Kislyak have raised questions about whether he had broken the Logan Act of 1799 that prohibits private US citizens from engaging with foreign nations in diplomatic disputes. To date, no American has been penalized for violating the Logan Act.
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
We play out a hostage scenario from the upcoming sci-fi title about androids gaining sentience and seeking freedom from human servitude
Published 7:19 PM, August 14, 2017
I've wanted to get my hands on Detroit: Become Human since I first saw its trailer at E3 2016. Developer Quantic Dream has never really failed its fans when it comes to games with compelling narrative and Detroit: Become Human's futuristic setting just makes it all the more interesting. Suffice to say, I was excited to find out that Sony brought in the game at the first PSX Southeast Asia in Malaysia where I found time to test out the game's features.
The demo starts with a short cutscene. Daniel, an android, is flipping a coin in his hands, already inferring the game's mechanics. The situation is unclear at first. All we know is that a “deviant,” or an android turned rogue, shot a girl's father and brought the girl to the edge of a balcony. We are to negotiate with the deviant to save the hostage “at any cost.”
When the demo finally gives us the freedom to go around the apartment, it turns into a full-on investigation. We can move towards every portion of the area and keep an eye out for every significant item. While the game lets you directly move to the negotiation stage, it may be a better idea for you to search for every piece of relevant information before you do so.
As you pick up and analyze every item, the game prompts a success rate bar that increases with every pertinent information you find. You can choose to move towards the balcony to start the negotiation if you believe you have everything required to save the girl. I wanted to look for every nook and cranny in the apartment but unfortunately the demo was timed, not to mention the controls were a little difficult to work with at first. The camera sensitivity felt off and some of the gestures felt unnecessary.
But what the game doesn't tell you at the beginning, which only makes the demo even more suspenseful, is that the possibility of success also depends on how you negotiate with the deviant. Just because you have all the pieces together, doesn't mean the girl's life is saved. Depending on your choices the success rate can rise or drop. Sometimes it can even fall heavily if you still can't figure out the best way to approach the deviant in the middle of the negotiation.
Some players started the negotiation process with 60% chance of success, only to mess up the negotiation and end with 0% by the time that they have to save the little girl. Obviously, their outcomes weren't pretty and were given heartbreaking cut scenes. I started the negotiation process with a 40% chance of success, and by the end of the dialogue, ended it with 99%. The cut scene was dramatic and certainly rewarding.
This is what makes the game promising. As a fan of crime shows and games like L.A. Noire, Detroit: Become Human has the potential to be one of the best and most thrilling games within its genre. It's a game that weighs your choices and gives you several possible outcomes, easily pulling the player to the edge of their seat. Whether or not it translates to the big picture story of the game remains to be seen. But so far, Detroit: Become Human is shaping up to be one of the best PlayStation exclusive game in 2018. – Rappler.com
The Takshanuk Watershed Council and the Chilkat Indian Village of Klukwan have been working together to collect baseline water quality data in Glacier Creek and the Klehini River, which flow into the Chilkat River.
The project is in response to ongoing mineral exploration in the area, and the need to record baseline conditions in the waters before a large-scale mine is developed.
Ensuring that the Chilkat River, the traditional subsistence fishing grounds for her people, remains pristine, is a top priority for her community, said Kimberly Strong, tribal president of Chilkat Indian Village of Klukwan
Klukwan partnered with local conservation organization Takshanuk Watershed Council to carry out baseline water quality testing.
“Since there was no baseline testing being done by DEC, there is baseline testing done by the mining company or the exploration company, we felt that there should be some testing done by non-mining interests,” Strong said.
The State of Alaska and the Bureau of Land Management does not collect baseline water quality data during mineral exploration.
Canadian mining company Constantine Metal Resources has been exploring at the nearby Palmer Project, a potential hard-rock underground mine for years and is collecting data for its own uses, but treats the information as proprietary, and has so far refused to make the data fully available to the public.
Klukwan wants to ensure that their traditional subsistence fishery remains strong as well as the regional economies of commercial fishing and tourism, Strong said.
“We need help protecting the Chilkat River,” she said. “And, though we have been doing the water testing for the last year and a half, it is still not apparent to everybody who lives in our Valley the importance of the Chilkat River as a renewable, sustainable resource and the economic base that it brings to our fishermen.”
Takshanuk Watershed Council science director Derek Poinsette coordinates the water quality testing partnership with Klukwan's environmental department.
The water quality project began in 2016 and a final plan was approved and filed with the Environmental Protection Agency by the end of the year.
Water quality sampling started in December 2017.
“The plan now is to try to go out four times a year and to try to get the whole range of weather and flow conditions represented in those samples, and we need to go for five years to get a good solid set of data that then would be useful,” Poinsette said.
Three sites are being sampled: Lower Glacier Creek, the Klehini River upstream of Glacier Creek, and the Klehini River downstream of Glacier Creek at the 26-Mile bridge.
Parameters being recorded include both a dissolved and total metals analysis of 27 elements, including copper, silver, lead, zinc, and mercury; also hydrocarbons (petroleum), sulfates, total organic carbon, total suspended solids, and basic water quality parameters such as conductivity, pH, alkalinity, hardness, turbidity and dissolved oxygen.
Gathering the baseline water quality data now is critical, he said.
“Now is the time that we need to be out there getting the information before the impacts get too great,” Pointsette said.
All information will be shared publicly via EPA and DEC online databases.
Should industrial development occur, baseline water quality data could be used to set discharge permit limits, provide guidance in monitoring standards and practices, and it would provide a point of reference that can guide cleanup and restoration efforts in the event of a tailings spill or other accident.
The water quality testing will cost around $10,000 per year in lab fee alone.
In order to fund the endeavor, Takshanuk Watershed Council and Chilkat Indian Village of Klukwan are soliciting donations from the public.
Greyhound is calling for the provincial government to create a fund to finance private-sector transportation in northern B.C.
The fund would be used for a competitive bidding process to provide bus services that northern residents have called essential.
Last September Greyhound requested to withdraw its passenger services from the region due to financial losses, but northern residents and leaders have spoken out about the importance of the bus services in the north, which prompted the company to ask the government and private donors to take responsibility for supplying the finances.
“BC's rural and remote communities require transportation connections to larger centres that provide essential health services, employment opportunities and post-secondary education,” said Greyhound in its press release.
“Federal and provincial governments, and large municipalities spend billions annually on urban transit services; BC's rural communities deserve transportation investments as well.”
The company says the province should start a “Connecting Communities Fund,” that could include both public and private resources.
Municipalities and First Nations across B.C. would access the fund and hold bids for private companies to compete for the contract to run the transportation and bring people to regional hubs such as Prince George or Kelowna.
The company says it “possibly [won't benefit] at all” from the process, since it would be a competitive bidding process.
“We share the belief that BC residents should have access to intercity bus transportation options, and private sector operators can ramp up quickly to provide cost-effective services,” said the company.
Greyhound will continue its full operations during the period of review by the B.C. Passenger Transportation Board, which will decide on its request.
If Greyhound is approved to end its services, changes won't be made until 2018.
The company released the call for a transportation fund on Monday, the day of the first public hearing by the Passenger Transportation Board, to get input from northern residents on Greyhound's request to withdraw from the north.
A meeting in Terrace is being held tomorrow, Dec. 12, at the Best Western, Skeena Room, from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. Those speaking have already pre-registered.
(Adds named item code KEMP/)
* Chart 1: reut.rs/2ooOkZf
* Chart 2: tmsnrt.rs/2mVt7sx
* Chart 3: tmsnrt.rs/2mVnnPP
* Chart 4: tmsnrt.rs/2nqxTL3
* Chart 5: tmsnrt.rs/2ogPg4w
* Chart 6: tmsnrt.rs/2ogJKyN
* Chart 7: tmsnrt.rs/2ogRwIZ
By John Kemp
LONDON, March 31 The U.S. gas market is looking a little tight despite another record warm winter that limited heating demand.
Growing structural consumption from electric power producers as well as increasing exports are significantly changing the balance between supply and demand.
Consumption (including exports) is now running higher for any given level of heating and cooling demand with the result the market wants to carry a higher level of inventories.
Stocks of working gas in underground storage stood at 2,049 billion cubic feet on March 24, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
Stocks are 425 billion cubic feet, around 17 percent, lower than at the corresponding point in 2016 (reut.rs/2ooOkZf).
Stocks have generally remained lower this winter even though temperatures broadly matched the record warmth in 2015/16 (tmsnrt.rs/2mVt7sx).
Inventories are still 250 billion cubic feet (14 percent) above the five-year average, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
But stocks do not look excessive given the underlying increase in consumption from new and planned gas-fired power plants and scheduled increases in export capacity.
Gas-fired generation capacity has increased from 432 gigawatts (GW) at the end of 2014 to 447 GW at the end of 2016 (tmsnrt.rs/2mVnnPP).
Capacity has increased in the last two years by the equivalent of the entire generation capacity of the state of Minnesota ("New wave of power plants if fuelling U.S. gas demand", Reuters, Oct. 2016).
Most of new gas units are super-efficient combined cycle plants designed to operate for thousands of hours each year as baseload (tmsnrt.rs/2nqxTL3).
And U.S. power producers are planning to add 37 another gigawatts of gas-fired capacity during 2017/18, roughly equivalent to the entire generating capacity of the state of Georgia.
Gas-fired capacity is set to rise by a further 8 percent before the end of 2018 ("Natural gas-fired generating capacity likely to increase over next two years", EIA, Jan. 30).
"Depending on the timing and utilization of these plants, new additions could help natural gas maintain its status as the primary energy source for power generation, even if natural gas prices rise moderately", according to EIA.
U.S. gas exports are also rising, hitting a record 248 billion cubic feet in December 2016, up more than 50 percent compared with the same month a year earlier (tmsnrt.rs/2ogPg4w).
Underlying demand from power plant operators and exporters is making the market much tighter than the level of stocks implies on its own.
Prices have already risen to conserve stocks by encouraging power producers to run their gas-fired plants for fewer hours in the summer of 2017 and use coal-fired plants instead.
Future prices for deliveries at Henry Hub in June 2017 are up to almost $3.30 per million British thermal units from less than $2.70 a year ago.
The calendar spread from June 2017 to June 2018 has shifted to a backwardation of 40 cents from a contango of 7 cents at the same last year (tmsnrt.rs/2ogJKyN).
Backwardation is a sign of an under-supplied market trying to conserve remaining stocks by raising the cost of short-term consumption, curb exports and stimulate more production.
The U.S. gas market feels slightly tight despite coming out of one of the warmest, if not the warmest, winters on record.
That marks a profound change from 2016 when the market felt heavily oversupplied coming out of a similar winter (tmsnrt.rs/2ogRwIZ).
The shift (same weather, radically different price structure) shows just how quickly the dynamics of the U.S. gas market are changing.
(Editing by David Evans)
0 Serial bomber Eric Rudolph targeted Olympics, gay club, abortion clinics
As federal, state and local authorities in Texas deal with a string of deadly bombings in Austin, residents in Alabama and Georgia are reminded of a similar terror that arrived under the name of Eric Robert Rudolph.
Rudolph's reign of terror began at Atlanta's Centennial Olympic Park, where the 1996 Olympic Summer Games were underway. Revelers were enjoying the festive atmosphere when, around 1:20 a.m. on July 27, an explosion rocked the park.
Two people died and another 110 were injured.
Related: ‘Serial bomber' suspected in Austin explosions, police say
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported on the 20th anniversary of the bombing that security guard Richard Jewell, who was having trouble with rowdy college kids, went for backup and found Georgia Bureau of Investigation agent Tom Davis. When they returned to the area where the kids had been, Jewell spotted an abandoned backpack.
Bomb specialists they called in to deal with the backpack took a look -- and ordered them to evacuate the area immediately, the Journal-Constitution reported. Jewell, Davis and other law enforcement officers cleared the area, including a nearby TV camera tower.
That's when the bomb exploded.
“It was just a huge explosion,” Davis told the Journal-Constitution in 2016. “A very loud explosion and a lot of heat. It forced me to the ground. I just saw people laying everywhere, many of them screaming and hurt severely.”
Davis was one of the more than 100 who were injured by shrapnel from the bomb. Nearby, he could see the body of Alice Hawthorne, a 44-year-old mother from Albany who had traveled to Atlanta with her daughter to see the Games.
The second person who died that night was Melih Uzunyol, a Turkish journalist who suffered a fatal heart attack as he rushed to the scene, the Journal-Constitution reported.
Jewell, who is now considered a hero for saving the lives of more than two dozen people, was initially considered a suspect in the case. Though he was cleared about three months after the bombing, the cloud of suspicion hung over his head until Rudolph's arrest.
Jewell died of a heart attack in 2007 at age 44.
Rudolph, who years later issued a detailed manifesto outlining his anti-abortion, anti-gay beliefs, next bombed an abortion clinic in January 1997 in the Atlanta suburb of Sandy Springs. About a month later, he bombed an Atlanta lesbian bar, the Otherside Lounge, injuring five of the patrons there.
In both of those bombings, Rudolph had planted secondary bombs timed to detonate after police and emergency personnel had arrived, the New York Times reported at the time. In the Sandy Springs bombing at Atlanta Northside Family Planning Services, it was the second bomb that injured six people, including detectives and reporters covering the first explosion.
Police investigating the bombing at the Otherside Lounge found the second bomb in a backpack in the parking lot, the Times reported. The Atlanta Police Department's bomb squad used a robot to detonate the device.
Rhonda Armstrong, a bartender at the club, told the Times a few days after the bombing that patrons at first thought someone had shot a woman there.
“She rolled her sleeve up and had a spike nail through her arm,” Armstrong told the newspaper.
All of Rudolph's bombs were similar in that they used nails and other shrapnel to maim and kill his victims.
Related: For investigators, a race to decode hidden messages in Austin bombings
His final bombing took place Jan. 29, 1998, at New Woman All Women Health Care in Birmingham, where he left a FedEx box packed with dynamite and nails in some bushes near the entrance. As nurse Emily Lyons arrived for work around 7:30 a.m. that morning, she and clinic security guard Robert “Sandy” Sanderson -- also an off-duty Birmingham police officer -- spotted the package.
As soon as Sanderson touched the package, it exploded, sending shrapnel through his body and killing him instantly, according to AL.com. Lyons survived the blast, but lost an eye and was left with chronic injuries and pain.
The bombing was the first fatal bombing of an abortion clinic in the United States.
It was in Birmingham that Rudolph finally slipped up. He used a remote device to detonate the bomb, watching from a distance the explosion that killed Sanderson and maimed Lyons.
A University of Alabama in Birmingham student who felt his dormitory shake from the blast ran outside. That alert pre-med student, Jermaine Hughes, noticed the sort of odd behavior that, decades later, would help federal investigators pin down the Boston Marathon bombers.
As everyone within blocks of the explosion ran toward the devastation, Rudolph walked in the opposite direction.
Suspicious, Hughes jumped into his car and drove around Rudolph, who was on foot, to get a good look at his face. Then he ran into a nearby McDonald's and called police, the Los Angeles Times reported.
Jeff Tickal, a lawyer in Birmingham from Opelika, was there eating breakfast when he heard Hughes urging the dispatcher to send help. When he also spotted Rudolph, Tickal began following him.
Seeing Rudolph disappear into some woods, Tickal got in his own car and began looking for the suspicious man. By happenstance, he found the road where Rudolph had hidden his truck and watched as Rudolph emerged from the woods.
Tickal followed him when he drove away, writing Rudolph's license plate number on his coffee cup from breakfast, the Los Angeles Times reported. He pulled up beside Rudolph at a light and got a look at his face.
When the light turned green, Rudolph drove on and Tickal sought out a police officer. By that time, Hughes had also spotted Rudolph behind the wheel and jotted down the truck's license plate number on an envelope he had in his car.
The combined actions of Tickal and Hughes gave a name to the bomber.
>> Read more trending news
Richard D. Schwein Jr., who in 2014 retired from the FBI as the special agent in charge of the Birmingham division, told AL.com in 2013 that identifying Rudolph underscored the importance of those witnesses.
“This kid saw Rudolph as an anomaly, much like (in) the Boston bombings,” Schwein said. “Everybody else was going in one direction; this guy was going in another direction. Everybody else was kind of in a panic and he was calm. And the witness thought right away, ‘This has got to be the bomber,' and followed him.”
Law enforcement descended on Rudolph's North Carolina home, but he was nowhere to be found. He was soon on the FBI's 10 Most Wanted list, but it would be another five years before the avid outdoorsman and survivalist, who vanished in the mountains, would be captured.
The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said it was ultimately a small-town police officer who brought one of the largest manhunts in U.S. history to an end. Jeff Postell, a 21-year-old rookie on the Murphy, North Carolina, police force was on patrol around 3 a.m. May 31, 2003, when he spotted a man rummaging for food in a dumpster behind a grocery store.
Though the man, later identified as Rudolph, tried to hide, he was taken into custody.
Rudolph pleaded guilty to all four bombings in April 2005 to avoid the death penalty, the New York Times reported. He was sentenced to four life sentences without the possibility of parole.
He remained unrepentant for his actions and, in a statement before the court, called his violent acts against abortion providers a “moral duty.”
“As I go to a prison cell for a lifetime, I know that ‘I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith,'” Rudolph said, quoting scripture.
Birmingham clinic bombing survivor Emily Lyons called Rudolph a coward.
“I have more guts in my broken little finger than you have in your whole body,” Lyons said, according to the New York Times.
Rudolph is housed at the Florence Supermax federal prison in Colorado, sometimes called the “Alcatraz of the Rockies.” He self-published his autobiography, “Between the Lines of Drift: The Memoirs of a Militant,” with help from his brother in 2013.
Rudolph is unable to receive any proceeds or otherwise benefit from his crimes.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
April 12 Italy's Fininvest, the holding company of former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi which owns 30 percent of Banca Mediolanum, says:
* Bank of Italy, on April 11, asked it to proceed with the sale of its shares in Banca Mediolanum exceeding 9.99 percent
* Bank of Italy said it must sell the shares within 18 months
* it will appeal the decision Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
People look at a screen displaying the Sensex on the facade of the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) building in Mumbai February 28, 2015. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade/Files
Markets in India corrected for the second week in a row due to geopolitical tensions as well as an earnings season that started on a mixed note. The Nifty ended the week with a loss of 0.3 percent to settle at 9,119.
Uncertainties about the outcome of the French presidential election kept global markets jittery. U.S. President Donald Trump signing an executive order on the H-1B visa programme also hogged the limelight, as did Australia abolishing its 457 visa programme.
In India, banking stocks were in focus after the Reserve Bank of India announced new guidelines on standard asset provisioning and disclosure of details regarding NPAs.
It has advised banks to consider setting aside higher provisions even for good loans in stressed sectors. The first round of fourth-quarter results from the banking sector showed an impact in the form of increased provisioning.
Results from India Inc were mostly mixed with the banking sector seeing an increase in net non-performing assets. Among the top gainers, HDFC Bank posted results in line with estimates with bad loans remaining stable.
ACC, Hindustan Zinc, Yes Bank posted better-than-expected numbers while IndusInd Bank results were surprisingly below expectations. However, TCS numbers were in line. Top losers included Sun Pharma and Coal India.
On the currency front, the rupee was down 0.3 percent, its second weekly decline. Bonds slumped and 10-year G-Sec yields surged as minutes of the April 5-6 Reserve Bank of India policy meet were released.
The six-member committee expressed concerns about inflationary pressures, with a member even contemplating a pre-emptive rise in repo rates. February's surprise shift in stance from accommodative to neutral along with the April hike in reverse repo rate is probably signalling an end to the easing cycle that began in early 2015.
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) in its first stage forecast of the southwest monsoon said it is likely to be 96 percent of the long period average (LPA) with an error of 5 percent and that rainfall in the second half will be relatively weak. The IMD noted the possibility of a weak El Nino condition.
The cleverly worded IMD statement leaves a lot unsaid - 96 percent of LPA is borderline since just a percent below would mean a “below normal” monsoon. We will need to keep our fingers crossed.
The French are voting in the first round on Sunday, at a time memories of last year's Brexit vote and the U.S. presidential election are still fresh. Marine Le Pen has been vocal about leaving the European Union and the outcome will be closely monitored by traders. The new president is expected to be formally confirmed by May 11.
The coming week may see volatility as the derivative contract for April series is set to expire on Thursday. The Nifty is currently moving in the narrow range of 9,050 to 9,250. Global cues along with the next round of corporate earnings are likely to determine the near-term trend. A Nifty zone of 9,000-9,050 is crucial as a break below could have a cascading effect.
Prominent Nifty index companies set to declare March-quarter numbers include Reliance Industries, UltraTech Cement, Indiabulls Housing Finance, Axis Bank, Kotak Mahindra Bank, Maruti, Wipro, Ambuja Cement and IDFC.
Confidence at the retail level, a growing list of monthly 50 percent gainers, and enthusiastic stock tippers promising multi-baggers in questionable stocks point to a disaster in the making.
This reminds me of an old proverb - “a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush”. Cash in hand is more valuable than booking profits in today's scenario.
INTERNATIONAL - Major global insurers are starting to offer protection against cryptocurrency theft, willing to tackle daunting challenges it brings rather than miss out on this volatile and loosely regulated, but rapidly growing, business.
So far only a few insurers sell such insurance, including XL Catlin, Chubb, and Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance. Yet several others said they are looking into theft coverage for companies that handle digital currencies like bitcoin and ether, which trade between anonymous parties.
Such efforts so far have garnered little attention, but the emergence of an insurance market marks an important step for the nascent industry's mainstream recognition.
The risks are clear: digital currency investors have already lost billions from dozens of cryptocurrency hacks, technical errors and fraud. Many hacked exchanges later shuttered.
On Friday, Tokyo-based exchange Coincheck became the latest casualty, reporting a loss of around $534million (R6.35billion) worth of coins to hackers.
For insurers the challenge is how to cover those risks for customers they know little about, who use technology few understand and represent a young industry that lacks troves of data insurers usually rely on in designing and pricing coverage.
Christopher Liu, who heads American International Group's (AIG's) North American cyber insurance practice for financial institutions, said the answer is to find an established business with a similar risk profile and try to adapt what works there.
“It's sort of akin to a digital armoured car service,” he said about cryptocurrency firms.
- REUTERS
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The maneuver was performed during an intercept mission in 1973 or 1974 and was not dangerous, said a former USAF officer, the author of a picture that has recently gone viral on social media.
Last week, Global Military Strategy & Statistics blog posted on its Facebook page a blurry undated picture showing an F-4 Phantom flying inverted near a Soviet Tu-95 (NATO reporting name: Bear) long-range bomber.
"Maverick's Father probably," the post read, referring to one of the most famous scenes from the movie "Top Gun."
The picture went viral and reached the author of the shot, who provided interesting details about the image in a comment to The Aviationist, a website about military aviation and aeronautics.
The author of the shot is Robert M. Sihler, who served as a weapons system officer with the US Air Force . According to him, he took the photograph during a "standard intercept" of a Tu-95 by two F-4s in "either late 1973 or early 1974."
At the time, Sihler was on duty at the Naval Air Station Keflavik in Iceland.
According to him, at the time American pilots performed averaged two intercepts of Tu-95 bombers per week.
"They were the only aircraft we saw while I was there. Generally, the intercepts occurred on Fridays and Sundays, at the 'Bears' flew from Murmansk to Cuba on training and, we guessed, 'fun' missions," Sihler said in an email to The Aviationist.
What is even more interesting is the reason why such maneuvers were performed. According to Silher, Soviet crewmembers asked American pilots to do so.
READ MORE: Russian Fighter Intercepts US Spy Plane in Black Sea
"Generally, we did these barrel rolls at the request of the Soviet crewmembers. They gave us hand signals to let us know they wanted us to do it. They photographed us as well. The Cold War was winding down and the attitudes on both sides had improved," he said.
When asked whether the maneuver was unsafe, Silher responded, "Not really! The Soviets, at the time, gave us hand signals asking us to 'perform' for them. The rolls were not dangerous at all."
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
U.S. House campaigns on both sides of the political spectrum hit fundraising records in the first quarter of 2017, according to findings from the Federal Election Commission.
Donors gave a record $96.1 million in the first quarter of 2017, a 45 percent increase over the previous record of $66.2 million raised in the same amount of time two years ago, Bloomberg Politics reported.
The maximum contribution amount stayed the same for both periods of time.
Republicans raised $49.8 million, while Democrats raked in $46.3 million.
The reason for this surge in fundraising on both sides can be attributed to President Trump's first actions as president on immigration, cutting regulation, tax reform, and healthcare reform.
Left-leaning groups have seen a surge in demonstrations and fundraising to fight against Trump's efforts as president, but conservatives have also seen a boost in fundraising during the first few months of the Trump administration.
“Heightened partisanship is good for fundraising,” said Michael Beckel, manager of research, investigations, and policy at Issue One, a group that advocates limiting the role of money in politics. “Republicans and Democrats are trying to keep their donor bases active at the dawn of the Trump presidency.”
But the biggest surge in fundraising has come from small-dollar donations.
House campaign committees for both parties received a total of $13.7 million in donations from small-dollar donors who gave $200 or less.
President Trump has also benefited from small-dollar donors, who propelled him to victory in 2016 and helped him raise $13.2 million for his 2020 re-election.
NEW YORK Top Wall Street bankers on Thursday said they are having positive discussions about financial regulation in Washington, and downplayed the idea that U.S. policymakers might force their institutions to split up.
On conference calls to discuss first-quarter earnings, executives from JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) and Citigroup Inc (C.N) said recent chatter about reinstating a Depression-era law to separate capital markets operations from traditional lending is nothing more than talk.
The White House confirmed last week that economic adviser and former Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) executive Gary Cohn backed the idea of bringing back the law, called Glass-Steagall. He is one of several prominent lawmakers, regulators or policy advisers who have expressed support for the idea, which Wall Street generally opposes.
Citigroup Chief Executive Michael Corbat said his conversations with Trump administration officials have not centered on the topic.
"I have yet to have anybody really explain to me what value there is in terms of either a reinstatement of Glass-Steagall, which is in itself strange, or what '21st century Glass-Steagall' is," he said. "We continue to ask about it but not necessarily be that focused on it."
He noted that a number of Wall Street executives have been "very engaged" with the Trump administration, as well as key members of congressional committees and regulators with regard to financial reform. He called the White House conversations "constructive."
JPMorgan executives struck a similar tone, saying a reinstatement of Glass-Steagall is inconsistent with other objectives of President Donald Trump.
"It is a pro-growth agenda, tax, infrastructure, regulatory reform," said CEO Jamie Dimon. "And that is a good thing."
(Reporting by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Chris Reese)
Scroll for more content...
President Donald Trump plans to meet one-on-one with Vladimir Putin at the start of their July 16 summit in Helsinki, Finland, according to a person familiar with the plans, before allowing other aides to join the highly anticipated encounter with the Russian leader.
The meeting will be the first formal summit talks between them. They have met previously on the sidelines of conferences.
Trump has shown an affinity for meeting individually with his counterparts before opening the room to fuller delegations. During his historic summit with Kim Jong-un last month, Trump met for about an hour with just the North Korean dictator, joined only by their translators. Emerging from the face-to-face, Trump told reporters the discussion was "very, very good."
He had said before the Singapore talks that he wanted to take the measure of Kim personally and gauge their chemistry. In the case of Putin, Trump has already assessed their interpersonal ties up close, but wants more time to develop the leader-to-leader relationship, according to the person familiar with the summit's planning.
Ahead of the North Korea summit, some US officials expressed concern about a meeting without any other aides present. Without official note-takers or other witnesses, one-on-one meetings lack any official record, making it difficult afterward to determine whether agreements have been reached. Putin is known as a shrewd negotiator who some officials worry could exploit such a session and extract concessions from Trump.
At Trump and Putin's first meeting, on the margins of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, a year ago, the only aide to accompany the President was then-Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, along with a US translator. The session went so long that first lady Melania Trump was sent in to try to cut it off.
In a second conversation during dinner at the same summit, Trump was without a translator who spoke Russian, so instead relied on Putin's. The men spoke for about an hour without any other aides present, officials said later. The White House downplayed the significance of the encounter, but experts expressed concern there was no official US record of the talk.
This time, it's expected a larger delegation of aides will participate in the expanded portion of the summit for a discussion that will center on Syria, nuclear weapons and election meddling.
"The goal of this meeting really is for the two leaders to have a chance to sit down, not in the context of some larger multilateral meeting, but just the two of them, to go over what is on their mind about a whole range of issues," national security adviser John Bolton said Sunday on CBS's "Face the Nation."
Will Trump press Putin on election meddling?
Bolton said the issue of election meddling would arise, despite Putin's denials that Moscow attempted to sway the 2016 US presidential contest. Trump himself cited that denial last week in a tweet, at the same time posing questions about why the FBI did not investigate Hillary Clinton's ties to Russia.
Trump raised the meddling issue during his first meeting with Putin in Hamburg. But afterward, differences emerged between the two sides. Tillerson said Trump had pressed Putin on the matter. But the Kremlin said Trump had accepted Putin's denials that Russia interfered in the election.
In a conversation with reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday, Trump indicated the election issue would arise again, along with other matters.
"I'll talk to him about everything," Trump said. "We're going to talk about Ukraine, we're going to be talking about Syria, we'll be talking about elections. And we don't want anybody tampering with elections. We'll be talking about world events. We'll be talking about peace. Maybe we talk about saving billions of dollars on weapons, and maybe we don't."
That, according to aides, was a reference to Trump's long-standing interest in addressing what he perceives as a potential nuclear arms race between the US and Russia. Earlier this year, Putin boasted about the strength of Russia's arsenal, to which Trump took umbrage. He raised that issue in his last phone call with Putin, which occurred in March, and hopes to raise it again during the July 16 talks. He has told advisers that any face-to-face meeting with the leader of a nuclear power -- including Putin and Kim -- is a worthwhile endeavor.
Trump wants grand event
Trump is expected to begin formal preparations for the Putin meeting in the coming days, according to aides. That's likely to include brief sessions with Bolton and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, along with other national security officials.
Ahead of his Hamburg meeting with Putin -- to date, their only formal sit-down -- Trump was presented with a briefing binder that also included pages on his other bilateral sessions during the G20. The section on his meeting with Putin amounted to only a "few pages," according to one White House official. A second official said the documents included talking points, each only a sentence or two long, to keep Trump focused during his meeting.
It's not clear yet what other events Trump and Putin have planned for their summit in Helsinki. The Kremlin has suggested the leaders would deliver statements to the media, though the White House has yet to lay out similar details.
Trump has told planners he wants the event to feel monumental, in the style of previous summit meetings between US and Russian leaders. Helsinki was selected in part to lend the event historical weight, people familiar with the matter said. The Finnish capital hosted summits between President George H.W. Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, and President Bill Clinton and Russian President Boris Yeltsin.
Already, some of Trump's critics are warning against an overly friendly meeting with Putin, particularly as Trump picks trade battles with longtime US allies. A NATO meeting ahead of the Putin summit is expected to be contentious as Trump presses members of the alliance to increase their defense spending.
On Monday, leading foreign-policy Democrats urged Trump in a letter to hold Putin accountable for Russia's destabilization efforts, including election meddling, support for the Syrian regime and the annexation of Crimea.
"While there is a place for dialogue between nations on disagreements and common challenges, such as reducing nuclear dangers, we are deeply concerned that your Administration continues to send mixed messages regarding the Russian security threat," the Democrats -- Sens. Robert Menendez of New Jersey, Dick Durbin of Illinois, Mark Warner of Virginia and Jack Reed of Rhode Island -- wrote to Trump. "During your meeting with President Putin, we ask that you convey that there will be clear consequences for Russia's interference in democratic processes in the United States and elsewhere, its support for violence and bloodshed in Ukraine and Syria, and the illegal occupation of Crimea."
Human remains found Monday near the base of Thunder Mountain are those of a missing Juneau woman.
According to a Juneau Police Department news release, the Alaska State Medical Examiner's Office identified Teri Heuscher, 53, using dental records. She had been missing since June 24.
A cause of death has not been determined. The examiner's preliminary results don't suggest foul play.
A duck hunter found the remains at a campsite near the base of the mountain. According to Juneau Police Lt. David Campbell, police recovered parts of a skull and lower jaw.
Heuscher's family has been notified.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BONSALL, Calif. – The Bonsall Unified School District will remain closed Tuesday as many districts plan to reopen after having days off due to the Lilac Fire burning in Bonsall.
San Diego County Office of Education officials announced Monday evening that the Bonsall Unified School District will be closed.
Bonsall Unified schools will be closed tomorrow due to recovery from #LilacFire; all others will be open. Details: https://t.co/Gw6O6QjPC2 — SD County Ofc of Ed (@SanDiegoCOE) December 12, 2017
Several schools and school districts affected by the Lilac Fire will open, including Fallbrook Union Elementary School District, Fallbrook Union High School District, Mountain Empire Unified School District, Spencer Valley School District, Valley Center Pauma Unified and St. Peter the Apostle Catholic school.
North County residents Monday morning returned to their evacuated homes -- some unharmed, some destroyed -- as firefighters reached 80 percent containment on the Lilac Fire that scorched 4,100 acres between Fallbrook and Oceanside.
Despite the progress, officials don't expect to have the blaze fully contained until Dec. 21, which would mark exactly two weeks since the fire erupted for unknown reasons just west of Interstate 15 and north of Lilac Road in Pala Mesa, amid gusty, arid Santa Ana winds.
The extended containment outlook is because hand crews must dig down to bare soil around the burn area, ensuring there is no fuel if hot spots do flare up, Cal Fire San Diego Capt. Kendal Bortisser explained.
All roads closed during the blaze were re-opened by about 4 p.m. Sunday and all evacuations orders were lifted earlier in the day, though two areas remained closed to everyone except residents: the Rancho Monserate Country Club mobile home park in Fallbrook, which suffered heavy losses, as well as an area between 5200 and 5800 Olive Hill Road in Fallbrook.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
For 53 years, Home of Grace has been helping those with addictions through faith.
Today, at Mosaic Church in Ocean Springs, clients, alumni and their families came together for the annual homecoming to celebrate sobriety and success.
Adam Jackson of Red Hat today announced the X.Org Server 1.20 Release Candidate 5, which he believes will be the last test release before going gold. Most excitingly about this new release candidate is the merged support for allowing the NVIDIA proprietary driver to work with XWayland.Landing today ahead of tagging this latest development release is the long-awaited EGLStreams XWayland code that decouples XWayland from depending upon GBM, the Generic Buffer Manager, as used by the open-source graphics drivers. As of this release candidate, the NVIDIA proprietary driver should be able to work with X11 apps on Wayland (XWayland) via its supported EGLStreams code-path.Besides that big addition, the other changes in this latest X.Org Server 1.20 release candidate are mostly small fixes. Again, Adam Jackson is thinking "this will almost certainly be the last RC", so hopefully this long-awaited 1.20 release will be here within the next few weeks.More details on the X.Org Server 1.20 RC5 changes via the release announcement
MOSCOW The Kremlin on Thursday called a deadly poison gas attack in Syria's Idlib province earlier this week a "monstrous crime," but said Washington's conclusions about the incident were not based on objective data.
"This was a dangerous and monstrous crime, but it would be incorrect to hang labels (to identify those who did it)," Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters on a conference call.
The use of chemical weapons was "unacceptable," he said, urging the Syrian army to ensure such arms did not fall into the hands of terrorists.
Peskov said evidence about the incident provided by the White Helmets civil defence group could not be considered reliable and added: "We do not agree with these conclusions."
"Immediately after the tragedy no one had access to this region ... any data which the U.S. side or our colleagues from other countries might have had access to could not have been based on objective facts," Peskov told reporters.
The disagreement was unlikely to change the nature of ties between Russia and the United States, Peskov added.
Russia's Foreign Ministry said earlier on Thursday it was too early to accuse the Syrian government of being responsible for the attack in Idlib and said a proper investigation was needed, the RIA news agency reported.
(Reporting by Denis Dyomkin; Writing by Sujata Rao; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — At least 39 people were killed, including more than 20 foreigners, and 65 injured as a result of the attack on Istanbul's Reina nightclub during New Year's Eve celebrations. The attacker is said to have opened fire from a Kalashnikov assault rifle. The manhunt is underway.
"All flags at #NATO HQ at half-mast. Solidarity w/ #Turkey after the New Year #Istanbul terror attack," Lungescu wrote on her Twitter page.
According to the media reports, among those killed there were 11 Turkish citizens, as well as citizens of Lebanon, Iraq, Tunisia, India, Morocco, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Canada, Israel and Syria.
Local News > Archive > October 2017 > 6
<< "Wayne Community moves forward on projects" - "Wild west comes to Wayne County" >>
Veterans Stand-Down offers access to services
By Steve Herring
Published in News on October 6, 2017 5:50 AM
Full Size News-Argus/STEVE HERRING Veteran Robert Ellis Taylor, left, of Goldsboro fills out the paperwork so he can get a new driver's license Thursday while Temika Drye, with the N.C. Division of Motor Vehicles, assists him during the Veterans Stand-Down at Herman Park Center.
The annual Veterans Stand-Down is about more than ensuring that veterans have access to the services they need.
It also is about helping homeless veterans and bringing them back into the community fold, Melissa Watkins, a Gold Star Spouse, and who is retired from the Air Force.
The crowd ebbed and flowed as 73 veterans participated in Thursday's stand-down that started at 9 a.m. It was wrapping up by 12:30 p.m. even though it was scheduled to last until 2 p.m.
People tend to leave once they have been fed, Watkins joked.
The stand-down is sponsored by the Wayne County Veterans and Patriots Coalition in cooperation with NCWorks in Wayne and Lenoir counties.
Also, veterans who may live in Johnston County, or other adjacent counties are invited.
"We don't turn anybody away," said Watkins, a coalition member.
The vendors are organizations specifically willing to help veterans, specifically veterans in need, she said.
Representatives from the Veterans Affairs, Four Day Movement, Salvation Army, Red Cross and other agencies were on hand to talk with and provide services to veterans
An Army surplus store brought in shoes and clothing to give away.
"We had the VA to come from Fayetteville to do flu shots for homeless veterans, veterans in need," Watkins said. "We provide IDs from the DMV. We do haircuts. We did all kinds of stuff."
The Bridge Church comes and sets up and feeds them hot dogs and chips, she said.
The event also helps veterans if they need military paperwork to show they served, Watkins said.
Veterans Affairs can also help identify veterans if they need anything for the VA clinic or any of their benefits because there are people who will go their whole life and never be aware of their benefits, Watkins said.
It is the fifth year the stand-down has been held, but only the second year the coalition has been involved, Watkins said.
It was actually started with NCWorks," Watkins said.
"My old boss did it a long time ago, but she could not get any support," said Zachary Branch of NCWorks.
"When I came down here they started talking about we need to do this and that and that."
Branch, who is also a coalition member, told NCWorks official that the agency needed to partner with a nonprofit group.
"So we work it as a team," he said.
The event format is set and organizers go to the same vendors each year, but even then the participation is increasing, he said.
Having a nonprofit involved encourages groups to sign on and is a tax write-off, too, he said.
"We welcome anyone who has a resource for future stand-downs that would like to contribute," Watkins said. "We are always looking for financial contributions. We do pay for things out of pocket."
Veterans who were unable to attend the stand-down, or who still need help, should contact Wayne County Veterans Services, 2001-D E. Ash St., she said.
The office is open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday.
Walk-ins are accepted from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesdays.
The office number is 919-731-1490.
WWE legend Ric Flair was hospitalized over the weekend and his management team is asking for prayers as he battles the medical issues.
Melinda Morris Zanoni, the CEO of Legacy Talent LLC, took to Twitter on Monday morning. On Saturday, she noted that he was in the hospital for routine monitoring and there was no reason to panic but her most recent tweets signaled a tone change.
“Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?” she wrote. “If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as he is dealing w/some tough medical issues.”
Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as he is dealing w/some tough medical issues🙏🏻 — MelindaMorrisZanoni (@LegacyTalentCEO) August 14, 2017
Rory Karpf, the director of the upcoming Ric Flair 30 for 30, also asked for prayers for the wrestler.
Please pray for my friend Ric Flair and keep him in your thoughts — Rory Karpf (@RoryKarpf) August 14, 2017
• Ranking the Best 30 for 30 Documentaries (So Far)
No official explanation has been given as to why Flair was hospitalized but some earlier reports noted possible heart-related issues.
The ESPN 30 for 30 on Flair is expected to be released in November.
This article originally appeared on Si.com
Motoring journalism was born out of the automotive industry's need to promote its products. We members of the motoring press can act cool all we want, but the reality is that our gig originated from the automakers' marketing requirements.
Over the years — decades, even — a few good men in our trade have done their very best to give their craft a semblance of legitimacy and professionalism. Even as newspaper owners willingly prostitute their publications for much-needed advertising money, I know a handful of editors and writers from our ranks who work hard to prioritize their readers over revenue or perks. God bless 'em.
Still, the truth is that the companies that pay the salaries of motoring journalists need advertising support from the very industry that they cover. This is particularly true with car magazines and automotive websites. It's a quid pro quo world out there.
The best motoring writers, in my opinion, are those who are able to find that delicate balance between helping car brands communicate their news and helping readers see through the BS in said news. Even so, the most brilliant editors, columnists and reporters are nothing if the space they use to get their message across ceases to exist — whether that space is a physical entity or a digital one.
Last April 11, Summit Media — which had built a virtual empire publishing the country's best magazines — announced that it was finally killing its six remaining print titles. One of those was Top Gear Philippines, the undisputed number one car magazine in the local market. The website will soldier on, but the glossy, concrete version is gone after the May 2018 issue.
As the owner and editor of another motoring website, I admit that this development makes competing with Top Gear easier. Still extremely tough, for sure, but easier — as the brand essentially lost half of its bargaining chips. Then again, it also seems somewhat alarming. Why did they have to fold the magazine? Was this a result of declining advertising support?
The answer is no. In fact, Top Gear was probably the lone bright spot in Summit's gutted print portfolio. I actually never thought I'd see the day when the automotive title would one day have more ad pages than FHM. But yes, that day did arrive.
With our car industry selling half a million brand-new vehicles last year, it's safe to say it can support at least three car-centric magazines (the actual number in current circulation), let alone the leading one that boasts 20,000 copies a month (at least when I was there) versus the competition's couple of thousand pieces. I've always held that one could immediately tell how robust and vibrant a country's auto market is by the number of magazines dedicated to reporting about it. Thailand, I was once told, used to have more than a dozen, reflecting the size of the market.
So what happened? Why did Summit Media shut down a magazine that was still functioning as a reliable cash cow?
The move was a company-wide business decision, nothing more and nothing less. Summit management had simply determined that going exclusively digital was the way moving forward. For three or even four years now, the audience shift to digital has been drastic. Readers have simply abandoned the physical magazine en masse. With ubiquitous smartphones and accessible data connectivity, people now prefer to consume their news, entertainment and communication on the go, without the need to make that single trip to a newsstand and pay P175 for a magazine whose content is nearly similar to stuff offered free online.
And with readers shunning print products, it is only natural for advertisers to withdraw their support and follow where audiences go. Right now, that place is the digital space. Or websites and social media. Which explains the preponderance of sites and blogs — even so-called influencers — at the moment.
Top Gear the magazine may have still been healthy advertising-wise when Summit decided to shut it down along with the others, but from a business perspective, it no longer made any sense to keep it. Summit couldn't possibly sustain its print business with just one or two profitable magazines. Those products would need to be supported by a production staff and a distribution network. They would be too costly to maintain.
And so, to answer colleagues who ask if Top Gear Philippines' surrender as a print product is any indication of the car industry's fiscal situation, I say the automotive business in our market remains strong and continues to be willing and able to support media outlets that help automakers publicize their efforts. But the medium has changed. Those who can adapt well under the prevailing circumstances will come out on top. You can take that to the bank.
© AP Photo/ J. Scott Applewhite Trump Administration Has No Intention to Cancel Anti-Russia Sanctions - Treasury Secretary
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — US Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is overseeing a probe into Russia's alleged interference in the 2016 election, is widening the investigation to determine whether President Donald Trump attempted to obstruct justice, media reported citing unnamed officials.
The Washington Post reported on Wednesday that it interviewed five people briefed on the matter, but it did not identify its sources by name.
A representative for Trump's lawyer promptly reacted to the allegation.
"The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal," Mark Corallo, spokesperson for Trump's lawyer Marc Kasowitz, said.
The special counsel launched its investigation of Trump just days after Trump fired former FBI director James Comey on May 9, the report said.
Obstruction of justice is an impeachable offense.
Russia has repeatedly denied allegations that it interfered in the US election, insisting that it does not meddle in the affairs of other countries.
Flute, violin, viola, cello and harp combine in two concerts this week that are bound to appeal to music lovers. Two lyric chamber music concerts with musicians of the Cyprus Symphony Orchestra will be performed in Nicosia and Paphos on Saturday and Sunday respectively.
The concerts will transport the audience, among others to the impressionistic world of Claude Debussy, the neoclassical space of Jean Francaix, the elegiac mood of Arnold Bax, and also the interbellum period (1919-1939) of Albert Roussel.
The programme in detail features:
C. Debussy: Sonata for flute, viola and harp, L. 137
J. Francaix: Quintet for flute, harp and string trio
A. Bax: Elegiac Trio for flute, viola and harp
A. Roussel: Sérénade for flute, string trio and harp, οp. 30
Flutist Virginie Bove was born in Paris in 1977. From 1995 to 2000, she was principal flute in the Sorbonne Orchestra in Paris, with which she performed in many countries including America, Italy, Switzerland and Morocco. In 2005, she joined the Cyprus Symphony Orchestra.
Violinist Anna Wrobel graduated from the Warsaw Music Academy. As a member of the Polish Festival Orchestra she toured the most prestigious concert halls and venues within the United States and Europe, and recorded for the Deutsche Grammophon as well.
On the viola, Krzysztof Wrobel worked with many orchestras after graduating in Poland and participated in many festivals in Europe before becoming a member of the Cyprus Symphony Orchestra.
Cellist Jakub Otčenášek has given concerts through European famous concert halls and has made several recordings for the Czech Radio and Czech national television.
Meanwhile harpist Katerina Kitsou graduated in 2001 from the Hochschule für Musik in Köln with the highest distinction and has played in concerts in Germany and Greece since.
The concert in Paphos is part of the official programme of the European Capital of Culture – Pafos2017
Chamber music concerts
By musicians of the Cyprus Symphony Orchestra. Saturday February 18, Pallas Theatre, Paphos Gate, Nicosia 5pm. Sunday February 19, Cultural Centre Technopolis 20, Paphos 5pm. Ticket prices: €5, €3 (children under 12). Tickets available from: Pallas Theatre (Rigenis and Arsinoes corner, Nicosia, Tel. 22-410181), online from www.cyso.org.cy, at the Theatre box office every Wednesday, 16:00-19:00 and on the concert day, 16:00-17:00
Technopolis 20: At the concert venue (18 Nikolaou Nikolaidi, Paphos, Tel: 70002420) from Tuesday-Saturday 10am to 1pm and on the concert day one hour before the concert
For Information: 22-463144, www.cyso.org.cy
The whistleblower at the center of the ‘Cambridge Analytica' scandal has had his account suspended by Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp. We spoke to mc schraefel, Professor of Computer Science and Human Performance at the University of Southampton about the scandal.
Christopher Wylie accused his former employees of harvesting the personal data of more than 50 million Facebook users in the USA- data which was then passed on to Trump's campaign manager Steve Bannon to profile potential swing voters. Facebook is under harsh fire for the affair, which has been widely viewed as election meddling.
Sputnik: The interesting thing is that unlike the anticipated ‘1984' scenario, we are voluntarily signing off our data (more ‘Brave New World') — but how much is this really voluntary, and how much are we being coerced into giving our data through deceptive mechanisms?
mc schraefel: Big industry always tries to optimize for its own benefit. If these breaches are happening, generally speaking, it's because there is a capacity to enable them to happen. If there is an opportunity to be seized and to exploit something it's not a surprise that it is being exploited, and that there is not always going to be the nicest people working in an election, or in an organization.
I'm aware of efforts within pockets of Facebook that are doing really incredible work on trying to design better privacy, better terms and conditions, to give users a better experience. They know that if they don't, people will rise up as they have before, and it hurts their business. This is not going to be a painless event right now.
These companies appear to us as monolithic, and I guess that that's the most important thing, that we don't see as much of the other things that are going on- small groups within companies that are trying to make a difference- I guess they need more help to make a difference and be noticed. At some point it might be great to push on, saying that there are these groups inside of these companies, what's holding them back from having more of an effect?
Sputnik: How much could this kind of breach influence the election?
mc schraefel: If we look at historical precedents, to say what has happened in the past — What is similar to this in the past? Again, the only time that something changes a position, is when there is the belief that this is personally relevant. So here, it's very difficult to see theft of one's personal data having any direct effect on the victim. It's very difficult to assess the cost, in the way that for instance, if an airbag fails in a car, you can see the cost of that immediately if the airbag doesn't perform. It's really difficult to pinpoint exactly where our personal data gets used and to be able to say 'my data was exploited' unless you are involved in an identity theft, and then again, that has so far been on a relatively personal scale as opposed to a whole city. It's not too hard to imagine how if you want to affect something, you have to go to some kind of belief system.
Again, if we look at the use of data to influence an election, how is a nation state going to influence an election? Well it's going to be able to get peoples personal data from a social network. Maybe this happened, maybe it didn't. The question might be though, is that actually happening or is this leveraging a little bit of what's happening in order to create a political story that has political benefit in other ways? Is so much energy going to be focused on who is the supposed bad actor here, that how that activity actually took place becomes incidental. The media focus doesn't seem to be around the data, as much as it is around assuming that this is some kind of evidence of interference or collusion.
Sputnik: The whistleblower at the heart of the scandal has had his accounts blocked from fb, whatsapp and twitter- suggesting that we are not free to question the motives of these companies- is this unduly censorship?
mc schraefel: Maybe not today, but tomorrow or next week, it's going to become increasingly important to be able to connect with your communities on these various social media sites. If a channel of communication is so important for society, does anybody have the right to exclude you from it? If one says, well, this is a business and of course I have the right to exclude you from it, it's my business, then that again becomes a question of 'who runs this'? If it is a utility, like water, you cannot turn it off unless they don't pay their bill. Even then, there are conditions in which it is socially unacceptable to turn off somebodies water or electricity if it puts them in harm's way. Is social media becoming the same thing? That effectively by blocking somebody from being on these platforms, you are denying them of something that is going to become a social right.
The views expressed in this article are solely those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect the official position of Sputnik.
Rep. Jim Jordan (R-OH) is adamantly denying allegations that he knew—and intentionally overlooked—that the doctor for Ohio State's wrestling team was sexually abusing students when Jordan served as the team's assistant coach from 1986 to 1994.
“It's not true,” Jordan told Politico in a Tuesday night interview. “I never knew about any type of abuse. If I did, I would have done something about it. And look, if there are people who are abused, then that's terrible and we want justice to happen.”
Three former Ohio State wrestlers went public in a lengthy NBC News exposé, describing rampant physical molestation by Dr. Richard Strauss. The accusers said that Jordan and other university officials knew that Strauss showered with the students and inappropriately touched them during examinations.
Dunyasha Yetts, one of the former wrestlers, told NBC he directly spoke to Jordan about an incident where Strauss pulled his pants down.
Jordan, a co-founder of the House Freedom Caucus who hopes to become speaker or minority leader, told Politico that he's not worried that the scandal could affect his political future.
“We've got the truth on our side,” he said.
Ohio State is investigating the allegations against Strauss, who died in 2015. A law firm conducting that probe told the Washington Post that Jordan did not respond to emails or calls seeking an interview with him. Jordan told Politico his staff had not found records of any such inquiries.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Wednesday's midweek trip to Blackpool had given us a little taste of defeat, but the fact it was via a penalty shoot-out meant we headed to Crawley still optimistic of maintaining our unbeaten run of form and making progress.
Alas, a day in the freezing cold quite literally left us short of breath and made the long trip home confused - or was that just me?
For me Mansfield were looking okay for the first half.
The game wasn't the greatest and will not go down in a hall of fame to watch again – but the bare minimum of taking a point home looked a cast iron certainty.
Yet a lapse in marking from a set-play (again) saw us go a goal down and, as we pushed players forwards to chase the game, we got caught out and conceded a second – which to be fair, I've no problem with as at least we tried.
However, this is where my mind is getting all confused! Why on earth did it take us going 1-0 down to start playing with an urgent energy and any real flair, and what on earth was Evans doing with 15 minutes to go, bringing Pearce on and throwing Diamond up front?
Because he withdrew Johnny Hunt, we had no natural left sided cover (as Hamilton had already been replaced by Butcher) and as such went into a 2-4-1-3 formation with Butcher in attacking midfield and Diamond, Rose and Angol as a front three!
Unless Hunt was injured, which he didn't look from my vantage point, and you were bringing Pearce on – you'd take White off and move Bennett across.
It made no sense with 15 minutes plus to go, especially with Sterling-James and Mellis, both attacking players, on the bench?
I've no issue with Diamond being thrown up there, it's the kitchen sink tactic.
But don't you do that with five minutes to go after playing one of your attacking substitution cards?
I'm actually surprised it took the hosts until the last minute to get the inevitable counter-attacking goal.
The whole game just left me bamboozled as we looked a far cry from the team that had done so well in going on an unbeaten run.
I fear for the dressing room actually. If I, a humble fan, am I questioning the tactical switch – what must a bunch of pros be thinking?
Evans questioned the players' mentality in his post-match assessment, noting that they didn't train properly on Friday.
If you spot that during the training session, surely you halt the session – give them what for and run it again rather than just leave it to wallow and get worse?
We have a lot of football to come over the next few weeks and, with the transfer window opening again soon, there are bound to be changes.
It's now more than ever that we need to be settled, and so, to make such comments makes bright warning lights start to flash.
We have to improve against teams lower than us in the table, we have to be together as one top to bottom and we have to stop this pendulum swing between being world-beaters and so bang average that a team of snowmen could beat us!
FILE PHOTO: The company logo for Unilever is displayed on a screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., February 17, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
LONDON Unilever (ULVR.L) (UNc.AS) promised shareholders a multi-billion euro rewards package on Thursday after February's $143 billion takeover offer from Kraft Heinz (KHC.O) jolted it into a corporate makeover aimed at proving it can go it alone.
The maker of Dove soap and Knorr soup said it would speed up cost savings, sell its shrinking margarines business and decide whether to scrap its dual Anglo-Dutch listing, which Unilever said would make it easier to do big acquisitions.
Shareholders, some of whom where unhappy that Unilever so swiftly spurned the approach by U.S. rival Kraft, will also get a 5 billion euros ($5.3 billion) share buyback, the first since 2008, funded in part by a targeted rise in debt levels, and a 12 percent dividend increase this year.
Unilever, one of Europe's biggest blue-chip stocks, called the Kraft episode a "trigger moment" to deeply review its business, as global packaged goods makers face slowing growth and more competition from start-ups exploiting evolving tastes for natural and healthy products.
"There is no doubt that however ... opportunistic it (the Kraft approach) was, it did raise expectations," Chief Executive Paul Polman said. "We are absolutely determined to use it as an opportunity to place Unilever on an even stronger footing."
Unilever's London-listed shares, which have held onto the gains made by the Kraft bid as shareholders bet it would spur improved performance, closed up 1 percent at 39.78 pounds, while the FTSE 100 .FTSE was down 0.3 percent.
"They're not stretching here, and nor should they. They're in a very strong position and this is hopefully a sign they're going to be a bit leaner and more shareholder-focused," said GAM fund manager Ali Miremadi, who manages two worldwide equity funds that are 2.5 percent invested in Unilever.
Unilever should be able to deliver the premium Kraft was offering or more over the next four or five years, he added.
AIMING HIGHER
Unilever set a 20 percent underlying operating margin target for 2020, up from 16.4 percent in 2016, fueled by increased cost savings, which Goldman Sachs analysts said suggested 90 basis points of expansion per year, up from a prior goal of 40 to 80 points. But unlike the previous target, the new one excludes restructuring charges, which are seen totaling 3.5 billion euros over the period.
Unilever is now aiming for 6 billion euros of savings by 2019, up from 4 billion euros and said it would double savings within brand and marketing to 2 billion euros.
Goldman, which has a "sell" rating on the shares, worries that reduced marketing spend will hurt sales, but Chief Financial Officer Graeme Pitkethly said Unilever could cut the number of advertisements it makes by a third and the number of agencies it works with by half with little effect.
Much of the improvement would come from combining food, which includes Knorr and Hellmann's mayonnaise, with the ice cream and tea businesses, following the sale or spin-off of the spreads unit, where sales have fallen for years.
Unilever already has interest from private equity firms, who sources estimate may pay some 6 billion euros, but if a sale does not generate enough value it will pursue a spin-off and aims to complete the process by year-end.
MORE DEBT, MORE DEALS
In another strategic shift, Unilever said it will take on debt equal to 2 times core earnings, whereas its leverage ratio has been below one time for more than half of the past 20 years, Jefferies analysts have said.
"Unilever was vulnerable to a takeover exactly because it's been so free of debt," said Neil Wilson, senior market analyst at ETX Capital in London.
Unilever said the leverage will help it grow.
"We think there will be a lot more action in the M&A pipeline ... and as ever we look forward to participating very actively," Pitkethly told Reuters.
While Polman signaled a potential interest in buying French's mustard and Frank's RedHot sauce, which are being sold by Reckitt Benckiser (RB.L) and which sources say could fetch a price around $3 billion, Unilever has generally been selling food brands and buying higher-growth home and personal care.
Analysts have long speculated whether Unilever may divest its food business, which makes up some 40 percent of revenue, and do a blockbuster personal care deal.
"Colgate (Palmolive) (CL.N) is the stand out option on this front," Exane BNP analyst Jeff Stent said, adding that Unilever's comments on Thursday may signal more openness. Colgate has a market valuation of $65 billion and analysts expect a deal would need to be in the area of $90 billion.
Unilever executives said it still made sense to keep its food business, excluding spreads, although they left the door open for big-ticket deals, by touting how much easier they would be if it ditched the dual listings and headquarters in London and Rotterdam, as a single listing would make it easier to spin off businesses and use equity in a share deal.
"With the fast changes we see in the market we will see opportunities come and go quicker than they probably did in the past, and we need to be prepared," Polman said.
Unilever will decide by the end of the year whether to combine its dual listing and headquarters, adding that Brexit would not influence its choice.
(Editing by Greg Mahlich/David Holmes/Alexander Smith)
By Melissa Luz T. Lopez
Senior Reporter
THE COUNTRY's external payments position remained in deficit in February with outflows driven by debt payments and central bank intervention in the foreign exchange market, but is deemed still comfortable for now.
Philippine balance of payments (BoP) settled at a $429-million deficit last month, albeit narrower than the $531-million gap posted in January and the $436- million deficit recorded in February 2016, the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) said yesterday.
“Outflows in February 2018 stemmed mainly from foreign exchange operations of the BSP and payments made by the National Government for its maturing foreign exchange obligations,” the central bank said in a statement.
The BoP measures the country's transactions with the rest of the world at a given time. A deficit means more funds fled the economy than what went in, while a surplus shows that more money entered the Philippines.
Inflows were recorded from net foreign currency deposits held by the government, as well as the steady stream of income from the BSP's offshore investments. These are the same factors cited by the central bank as it reported smaller but still healthy $80.422 billion in dollar reserves, enough to cover 7.9 months' worth of import duties and 5.6 times the country's short-term foreign debt.
The latest figure brought the two-month BoP deficit to $961 million, nearly double the $445-million shortfall posted in 2017's counterpart period. This compares to the $1-billion deficit expected by the BSP by end-2018 and the $863-million actual deficit posted last year.
“The higher cumulative BoP deficit for the first two months of the year may be attributed partly to the widening merchandise (trade) deficit in January 2018 as well as higher net outflows of foreign portfolio investments for the first two months of the year,” the BSP said.
The country's trade deficit widened further in January to $3.317 billion with imports rising by double-digits amid flat exports growth, according to the Philippine Statistics Authority.
On the other hand, the latest hot money data from the central bank bared net outflows in February, although the year-to-date tally still posted net inflows worth $795.16 million.
Analysts have flagged the widening deficit as affecting market sentiment towards the Philippines, as reflected in the weakness of the peso versus the dollar.
The BSP, however, has maintained that the deficit is typical of a growing economy amid increased public spending.
A number of private sector economists agree.
“The BoP deficit is not a cause for concern,” Ruben Carlo O. Asuncion, chief economist at the Union Bank of the Philippines, said when sought for comment.
“A deficit does not necessarily mean that the economy is in a bad situation… This means that the Philippines is investing more than it is saving and, consequently, it is using other resources from other economies to meet its domestic consumption and investment demand,” he explained.
“One will see that the ‘Build, Build, Build' program of the Duterte government is one of the main reasons why the BoP deficit is closer to the BSP target for the year.”
At the same time, the analyst said the $1-billion deficit target set for 2018 “is no longer appropriate” and would have to be adjusted to reflect new assumptions amid faster economic growth.
The current administration plans to spend P1.1 trillion on public infrastructure this year, with hopes that the increased activity will fuel 7-8% economic growth for 2018 from 2017's 6.7%.
April 28 Teijin Ltd :
* Says it plans to sell 100 percent stake of shares in its two US-based home healthcare units Braden Partners, L.P and Associated Healthcare Systems, Inc, on April 27 (US local time)
* Through the sale of units, co will retreat from home healthcare business in U.S.
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/C9qr0Y
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
NOT WHAT YOU WANT TO SEE Huge Cougar Gets Right Up In A Bow Hunter's Face
The hunter, who says the cougar got within 3 or 4 feet at one point, was able to scare it off for good after it came back for a second sniff later.
Editor's note: This is a sponsored post produced for Georgia State University's Robinson College of Business.
It's only a year long, but Master's of International Business students at Georgia State University could already see how the degree will influence their futures as they approached December graduation.
The Robinson College of Business program is attractive to many for its timeframe — just two semesters, which cuts down on costs and enhances the focus on practical content.
Not only do the courses hone in on global issues and strategies, but the program itself draws many foreign students, creating the very diversity that students will face in the working world. This year's class includes enrollees from Afghanistan, Colombia, Kenya and other countries.
Working closely together throughout the year, each cohort has the chance to build strong personal ties, sometimes breeding entrepreneurial ideas that span beyond the confines of the classroom. The degree also requires field study — designated time out in the real world, either traveling abroad or engaging in relevant work experience.
Jennifer Preyss, a religion and business writer originally from Marietta, was living in Texas when she chose to come back home for a program she believed would set the stage for her next career move. An accomplished journalist covering the beliefs and businesses of people from around the world, Ms. Preyss could see a limited future ahead in publishing without more management skills.
“As the years went on, I realized if I were to ever pivot away from reporting, editing or creative directing, my skills would be contained to a limited, lateral career path,” she said. “It certainly isn't common for journalists to choose graduate-level business school over a masters-level (journalism) school, but the MIB program at Georgia State caught my attention because it fused my two passions: international people and business.” [Read the full Q&A with Ms. Preyss]
Delivering Diversity
Ms. Preyss was also drawn to the “petri dish” of international cultures the program enabled at the Buckhead Center campus. Married to a Tunisian immigrant, she reveled in the fact that she found Atlanta to be a more diverse city than the one she'd left after getting her bachelor's at Georgia State.
“Atlanta has changed substantially since I lived here more than a decade ago, but the city seems to be thriving, growing and attracting a premier global community that will inevitably continue to bring a steady stream of economic development and international diversity to the city,” Ms. Preyss said.
That diversity creates a “demand and supply curve” that reinforces itself in the city's changing demography, said Mohammad Qais Nasimi, who's originally from Kabul, Afghanistan. It's a virtuous cycle: Companies need the talent, and qualified people come here because the companies are looking, said Mr. Nasimi, who calls himself a “global citizen.”
“Atlanta is a great place to learn global business because it's very diverse and gives you an opportunity to interact with all different backgrounds, which is crucial,” Mr. Nasimi said. “I have seen a lot of international companies' footprints over the last couple years.”
Hands-On Learning
The program intentionally provides that interaction, he said, using hands-on simulations and field visits to drive home important lessons: Mr. Nasimi learned how to work in virtual global teams, conduct international negotiations and analyze markets through the MIB.
“I learned how businesses work and what were their biggest challenges, either working for somebody else or having their own business. Overall it was a great experience,” Mr. Nasimi said. [Read the full Q&A with Mr. Nasimi]
Another example was MIB student Arthur Kiboit, who through a study-abroad connection helped Moroccan startup Sultan Tea introduce a new cold tea concept in a North African country where the drink is traditionally served hot. With Mr. Kiboit's input, the company ended up going with “cool tea” to avoid diluting the brand by linking it to ice.
This type of “real-life” approach, combined with the fact that this year's cohort is a veritable melting pot, appealed to Monica Mendoza, a native of Bogota, Colombia, who decided to pursue the MIB after earning a bachelor's degree in economics from Georgia State in 2015.
Ms. Mendoza particularly like how much of the class material was based on case studies, and she enjoyed visits to the Port of Savannah as well as a project advising a European startup looking to tackle the international market.
“The most valuable lesson I learned is that adaptability is key,” she said. “International business is all about relationships and how well you are able to adapt to different cultures and environments.”
The program is different than what she could find back home in Colombia, she said, noting that coming from Bogota, a city of 8 million, to Atlanta was a bit of culture shock that was worth pushing through.
“Having an American degree does add value to your resume,” she said. [Read the full Q&A with Ms. Mendoza]
Ms. Mendoza is currently working as a fellow in the office of the president of CARE USA, the poverty-fighting nonprofit. She hopes to gain a full-time job with the organization soon.
For Ms. Preyss, whether it's going back to her writing career, helping universities with communications, forging ahead with cross-cultural coaching or working on a new venture with a Kenyan classmate, she feels prepared for whatever comes in the future.
“I believe the MIB has allowed me to accomplish the goals I laid out for myself at the start of the year, and I am confident I will add even more value to the next company I join.”
Learn more about the MIB program here or view the video below:
Master of International Business at the Robinson College of Business from Robinson College on Vimeo.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has opted not to recuse himself from the investigation of Michael Cohen, President Donald Trump's personal lawyer, though he may remove himself from certain questions on a case by case basis, according to a Tuesday afternoon Bloomberg report.
Because he has declined to fully recuse himself, Sessions will reportedly receive briefings on the investigation, which is headed by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York.
There seem to be no hard and fast rules about which questions Session must back away from, Bloomberg reports, though he will likely stay away from anything pertaining to Special Counsel Robert Mueller's Trump-Russia probe. Sessions recused himself from the Russia investigation in March 2017, triggering Trump's enduring ire and clearing the way for his Deputy Attorney General, Rod Rosenstein, to appoint the special counsel.
Search warrants from the investigation into Prince‘s death were released on Monday, revealing that the music icon had a romantic relationship with singer-songwriter Judith Glory Hill from 2014 until he died last April after accidentally overdosing on the painkiller fentanyl.
According to the search warrants, the 32-year-old performer revealed that she would communicate with Prince by phone and email, using a gmail address with the name “Peter Bravestrong,” a pseudonym he often used to conceal his identity while traveling.
Hill was a star in her own right, scheduled to go on tour with Michael Jackson shortly before his 2009 death and appearing on season four of The Voice. She even won a Grammy in 2015 for best music film for her work in the documentary film 20 Feet from Stardom. Get to know more about the singer below.
1. Hill was on the plane with Prince when he lost consciousness days before his death
💜 A post shared by Judith Hill (@judithgloryhill) on May 14, 2016 at 3:55pm PDT
In an article published by The New York Times in June, Hill recalled the moment the music legend lost consciousness while on a flight from Atlanta to his Paisley Park estate outside Minneapolis.
The two were eating dinner and chatting about his performance that night when “his eyes fixed” and he nodded off. Knowing something was wrong when she couldn't wake him up, the plane made an emergency landing in Moline, Illinois.
“We knew it was only a matter of time; we had to get down,” Hill said. “We didn't have anything on the plane to help him.”
Six days later, Prince died of an accidental overdose of opioid painkillers.
“Now he's gone, and I realize I was leaning on him a lot,” she said. “And that's what's scary. I'm on my own.”
2. She was selected to sing with Michael Jackson on his This Is It tour
In Paris. Ambassador's party. A post shared by Judith Hill (@judithgloryhill) on Dec 8, 2016 at 1:36pm PST
In 2009, Hill was given the opportunity of a lifetime when she was chosen as Jackson's duet partner on his new concert tour. After months of rehearsal, however, the King of Pop died.
Hill and her fellow This Is It cast members performed at Jackson's memorial service. She received recognition for her vocals on the song “Heal the World,” which was performed at the gathering. Hill also released a tribute to Jackson titled “I Will Always Be Missing You.”
3. She wowed on The Voice
Hill auditioned for the fourth season of the reality competition show in 2013, prompting all four judges to fight for her to join their teams. She chooses to pair up with Adam Levine, advancing all the way to the Top 8. Her elimination was considered highly shocking to fans, who felt she was a front-runner throughout the show.
Soon after the season ended, the singer toured with Josh Groban and John Legend.
4. She met Prince after naming him as her dream collaborator
Hill was doing an interview around the time of The Voice airing and 20 Feet from Stardom‘s debut. According to The New York Times, when was asked who she most wanted to work with, she replied, “Prince.”
The music icon happened to see the interview and invited her to visit Paisley Park, where they soon began working on music together.
5. A producer sued Prince for “stealing” Hill away from her contract with The Voice
After Hill appeared on The Voice, she signed an exclusive recording contract with Sony and producer Jolene Cherry. When she started recording with Prince and planned to release Back in Time as a free digital download, they warned that she could be sued for breach of contract.
“Judith Hill's first album—Back in Time—is now out, but rather than cheering along with her, the people who paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to develop her career and album and worked to position Hill for her first release (as well as those who co-wrote many of the songs) are sitting dumb-founded on the sidelines while Prince gives away their investment for free,” the legal documents stated.
FROM COINAGE: Mind-Blowing American Idol Success Stories, From Kelly Clarkson to Carrie Underwood
Cherry sought damages to compensate them for their losses, as well as punitive damages “to hold Prince accountable for tortuously interfering in its agreement with Hill and recover damages stemming from the fact that he deliberately interfered with its relationship with Hill and made it economically unfeasible for them to ever release Hill's first album.”
The album was officially released on Tidal, iTunes and Spotify on October 23, 2015.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Kei Nishikori of Japan holds a towel over his head during a changeover against Fabio Fognini of Italy (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Fognini won 6-4, 6-2. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Kei Nishikori of Japan reaches for a backhand against Fabio Fognini of Italy (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Fognini won 6-4, 6-2. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Fabio Fognini of Italy reaches for a forehand against Kei Nishikori of Japan (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Fognini won 6-4, 6-2. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Fabio Fognini of Italy serves against Kei Nishikori of Japan (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Fognini won 6-4, 6-2. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Kei Nishikori of Japan hits a forehand against Fabio Fognini of Italy (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Fognini won 6-4, 6-2. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Fabio Fognini of Italy hits a forehand against Kei Nishikori of Japan (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Fognini won 6-4, 6-2. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Rafael Nadal of Spain hits a backhand against Jack Sock of the United States (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Nadal won 6-2, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Jack Sock of the United States reaches for a forehand against Rafael Nadal of Spain (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Nadal won 6-2, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Rafael Nadal of Spain celebrates after his match against Jack Sock of the United States (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Nadal won 6-2, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports0
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Rafael Nadal of Spain hits a forehand against Jack Sock of the United States (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Nadal won 6-2, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Jack Sock of the United States hits a backhand against Rafael Nadal of Spain (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Nadal won 6-2, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Rafael Nadal of Spain reaches for a forehand against Jack Sock of the United States (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Nadal won 6-2, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Rafael Nadal of Spain (R) shakes hands with Jack Sock of the United States (L) after their match on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Nadal won 6-2, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Jack Sock of the United States hits a forehand against Rafael Nadal of Spain (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Nadal won 6-2, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Rafael Nadal of Spain hits a forehand against Jack Sock of the United States (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Nadal won 6-2, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Rafael Nadal of Spain serves against Jack Sock of the United States (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Nadal won 6-2, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Jack Sock of the United States hits a forehand against Rafael Nadal of Spain (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Nadal won 6-2, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Rafael Nadal of Spain hits a volley against Jack Sock of the United States (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Nadal won 6-2, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Rafa Nadal moved into the Miami Open semi-finals with a straight set win over American Jack Sock on Wednesday, while second seed Kei Nishikori was sent packing after going down 6-4 6-2 to unseeded Italian Fabio Fognini.
Nadal staved off four break points to avoid going down a double-break early in the second set, a pivotal game that set the stage for his 6-2 6-3 victory on the Crandon Park hardcourt.
READ MORE: Venus beats Kerber and Konta ousts Halep
Nadal's poise and shotmaking came to the fore when 13th seed Sock threatened to take a stranglehold on the second set.
“That was the key of the second set, two-love (down), 15-40,” Nadal said in a courtside interview. “With three-zero a player like Jack, you'll probably be thinking third set.
“It was a double positive thing. I saved that game and got the break back (in the next game). The match was much closer than the result says.”
Nadal could face his long-time nemesis Federer in the final, with the Swiss, who has a Thursday quarter-final against Tomas Berdych, on the other side of the draw.
WATCH: Sharapova says being temporarily banned from tennis was "difficult"
Federer and Nadal have met twice this year, with Federer winning both times, in a memorable five-set final at the Australian Open and in a one-sided straight-sets fourth-round thumping at Indian Wells two weeks ago.
But Nadal is not looking ahead to Federer, because his semi-final opponent Fognini presents a potential banana skin. Nadal has a 7-3 career record but is mindful he lost to the Italian in a five-set thriller on the U.S. Open hardcourt in 2015.
"It's like a dream maybe,” said the 29-year-old Fognini after becoming the first unseeded player in 10 years to make the Miami semis.
“This is a big, big tournament for me. I'm happy about my performance. I'm just trying to be focussed on my game and do my best.”
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Greg Stutchbury/Peter Rutherford)
This marks the second defection in less than a year across the DMZ, a dangerous trek about two and half miles wide. The Zone is 160 miles long and is fortified with tens of thousands of troops on both sides, not to mention barbed wire, landmines, electric fencing and rows of surveillance cameras.
© AFP 2017/ KATIE SCHUBAUBR / AFPTV Seoul Says North Korea May Attempt Assassinations After Top Diplomat Defects
According to Seoul's Defense Ministry, the soldier is being held for questioning after crossing the military demarcation line in the DMZ's middle sector. No gunfire was exchanged.
Interrogation is typically one of the first things to happen when someone defects to the South, to determine whether the defector is a spy. If admitted to the country, defectors can be eligible for government assistance and transition help from non-governmental and nonprofit organizations.
South Korea is reporting a recent uptick in the number of defections from the North, though military defections don't occur very often.
Since 2010, only five to 10 North Koreans have defected using the DMZ route, according to the Yonhap News Agency, with September 2016 being the last time a North Korean soldier used the route to defect.
The DMZ has been in place since July 1953 after the signing of the Korean Armistice Agreement, which ended the hostilities of the Korean War. The agreement was not a peace treaty and, technically, war could resume between the US and North Korea. South Korea agreed to observe the agreement but was not a signatory.
Both Washington and Pyongyang accuse one another of violating the armistice, in particular as North Korea has pledged to continue its ballistic missile and nuclear weapons development and testing in violation of UN sanctions, and the US has refused to rule out military intervention against the country.
The defection comes as only days a suspected North Korean camera-mounted drone was captured by the South Korean military. Seoul's Defense Ministry determined the unmanned craft was sent to conduct surveillance on the US' controversial Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system (THAAD) installed in South Korea.
South Korea presently hosts about 28,5000 US service members.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The contract with Rosoboronexport was signed by Assistant Chief of Air Staff of Bangladesh Air Force, Air Vice Marshal M Naim Hassan, Bangladesh News 24 reported, adding that the deal became part of government measures to modernize the country's air force. The helicopters will be used in the framework of UN peacekeeping operations, according to the online newspaper.
On May 26, Russian Helicopters CEO Andrey Boginsky said the holding had signed deals worth more than $350 million at the 10th international helicopter industry exhibition HeliRussia-2017.
According to Russia's Center for Analysis of World Arms Trade (CAWAT), Russia delivered three Mi-171Sh helicopters to Bangladesh in 2007, three in 2012, five in 2015 and five more in 2016. In February, media reported that the specialists of the Russian Helicopters were training the pilots of the Bangladesh Air Force in the framework of the contract for the supply of Mi-171Sh helicopters to this country.
The Mi-171Sh can be used in a wide range of missions, including the airlifting of military forces, the transportation of cargo, air-to-surface attacks, medical evacuation and search and rescue operations.
March 30 Buckeye Partners Lp
* Announces plans for a long-haul Permian-to-Corpus Christi pipeline binding open season and further development of its South Texas distribution capabilities
* Pipeline is currently expected to be 24 inches in diameter with a total capacity of up to 400,000 barrels per day
* Currently plans to hold binding open season for South Texas gateway pipeline during Q3 of 2017
* Also developing projects to expand existing capabilities and create new connectivity throughout Corpus Christi market
* Expects South Texas gateway pipeline will be in service in 2019
* Proposed new pipeline system would deliver crude oil, condensate from origination points in wink, midland, Texas to existing btp refining
* Proposed new pipeline system would deliver crude oil, condensate from origination points in Texas to export facilities in Corpus Christi Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Baptist State Convention of North Carolina (BSC) Executive Director-Treasurer Milton A. Hollifield Jr. challenged North Carolina Baptists to live lives that are marked by humility and free from hypocrisy in an address to the state convention's board of directors on Tuesday, May 22.
“If we claim to be Christ-followers, we should live with behaviors and attitudes that remind people of Christ,” Hollifield said, drawing from several passages in the New Testament. His remarks came at Caraway Conference Center near Asheboro as part of his report during a regularly scheduled meeting of the BSC's board of directors.
Hollifield called on North Carolina Baptists to pray for upcoming ministry activities and meetings on both the state and national levels. These include annual summer children's and youth ministry events that begin in June at state convention camps and conference centers, as well as the upcoming Southern Baptist Convention (SBC) annual meeting scheduled for June 12-13 in Dallas, Texas.
Each year thousands of middle and high school students attend one of seven weeklong camps sponsored by the state convention at Fort Caswell. Since 2014, more than 1,400 students have trusted Christ as Savior during youth weeks, which includes more than 300 last year alone, Hollifield said. Many others surrender to a call to vocational ministry at youth weeks. Likewise, both Camp Caraway and Truett Camp share the call to follow Christ with hundreds of children and teens each summer, while encouraging those making salvation decisions to become true disciples of the living Lord.
“Let's pray that God would do another great work this year,” Hollifield said.
Hollifield called on N.C. Baptists to pray for the ministry and outreach events being held in conjunction with the SBC annual meeting, as well as this year's SBC presidential election. Both of the announced SBC presidential candidates have North Carolina ties. They are J.D. Greear, pastor of the Summit Church in Raleigh-Durham, and Ken Hemphill, a North Carolina native and current administrator at North Greenville University in Greenville, S.C.
Hollifield also requested prayer for wisdom for search committees seeking to fill leadership vacancies with the International Mission Board (IMB) and the SBC Executive Committee.
During Hollifield's report, Chuck Register, BSC executive leader for Church Planting and Missions Partnerships, introduced Greg Queen, a former IMB missionary who now serves as a church mobilization specialist with the IMB for several southern states, including North Carolina. Queen's role is to help churches embrace and engage in mission partnerships and opportunities. Queen may be reached by email at gqueen@imb.org.
In other business, the board heard several other ministry reports and took action on one financial item.
Financial updates
The board authorized the transfer of $381,097 in surplus operations funds from 2017 into the state convention's contingency reserve fund.
Additionally, Beverly Volz, director of accounting services, reported that through the end of April, Cooperative Program giving from N.C. Baptist churches totaled more than $8.65 million.
Appointees announced
Board President Marc Francis announced the appointment of several individuals to serve on various convention and board committees. Appointments included:
Kelton Hinton of Princeton Baptist Church; Don Goforth of Great Marsh Baptist Church in Saint Paul's; and Gregory Shaver of Hopewell Baptist Church in Monroe to the Articles and Bylaws Special Committee.
Terry Stockman of Meherrin Baptist Church in Murfreesboro and Barbara Bowen of Trinity Baptist Church in Raleigh to the Budget Special Committee.
Lee Davis of Crosslink Community Church in Mebane; Ben Francis of Parkwood Baptist Church in Gastonia; and Josh Hayes of Pleasant Garden Baptist Church in Marion to the Christian Life and Public Affairs Special Committee.
BSC Executive Committee members Lawrence Clapp, Ken Jones and Matt Ledbetter to the Fruitland Baptist Bible College Nominating Committee.
Facilities named
John Butler, executive leader for Business Services, reported that the Business Services Committee approved the renaming of the existing recreation pavilion at Camp Caraway in honor of the late Raiford Troutman, who was instrumental in starting the camp at Caraway. Additionally, the new gymnasium at Camp Caraway will be named in honor of former camp director Charles Harris.
One of Caraway's conference rooms will also be renamed the Higher Education Dining Room in appreciation of gifts made to Caraway's capital fund by the five educational institutions historically affiliated with the state convention.
In addition, the gym floor at Fort Caswell will be named for the Farmer family, who has maintained the floor for the past two decades.
Statement on designated giving
Francis made the following announcement based on work of the Executive Committee in recent months related to designated giving to the convention by some North Carolina churches.
“During the Executive Committee's March 2018 meeting, the Executive Director-Treasurer made the Committee aware that in 2017 ten churches added a special designation on their Baptist State Convention remittance forms for the Cooperative Baptist Fellowship (CBF). The staff forwarded these designated funds to CBF consistent with accounting practices to forward funds to those organizations/entities that have previously been in the Baptist State Convention's budget. In 2017, the funds designated to CBF totaled approximately $36,000. These same 10 churches also gave in excess of $413,000 to the Cooperative Program and all special offerings supporting Baptist State Convention and Southern Baptist Convention causes.
“Because the national CBF had changed its hiring policy in February 2018, the Executive Committee voted to direct Convention staff to cease forwarding designated funds from churches to CBF.
The Executive Committee also asked the Executive Director-Treasurer to contact each of the churches that made such designations in 2017 and inform them that the Baptist State Convention would no longer receive funds designated for CBF. The Executive Director-Treasurer has reported to the Executive Committee that he has successfully contacted all of the churches in question and received confirmation that the churches would cease sending funds designated to CBF to the Baptist State Convention.”
The next regularly scheduled meeting of the board of directors is set for September 24-25 at Caraway.
ENNIS, TX — If you live in or around Ennis, you might've heard a loud bang!
Well, according to the Ennis Mayor's Facebook post, it was an asphalt tank explosion near the U.S. Polyco plant.
Ennis Police Department have stated the fire is contained, but the fire department is still wary on the surrounding tanks.
The asphalt rail container reportedly blew it's top and started, but you can sleep a little easier knowing that, at least right now , there are no reported injuries or any known threat to the environment.
Scroll for more content...
The Terre Haute South boys basketball team beat Franklin Central 67-66 to improve to 5-1 in Conference Indiana.
Hascall Steel Company is a trusted steel center in the US. The company boasts a diverse product inventory that suits several applications.
[GRANDVILLE, 05/30/2018] – Customers rely on Hascall Steel Company for their steel processing needs. The company offers practical and cost-effective solutions that suit various industrial applications.
A One-Stop Steel Service Center
Hascall Steel Company is a leading steel service company that offers various steel services. It forges strong partnerships with local and foreign steel producers and suppliers. The company carries one of the most diverse and versatile inventories, and customers turn to the company to find a solution for their needs. Its products include cold reduced steel, blanked steel, slit steel, flat-rolled steel coils, and more.
The company's sales team considers every customer's needs and offers practical solutions. In fact, as a reliable steel partner, it takes the time to understand various requirements to achieve success. Customers can trust the team to conduct rigorous quality tests to ensure that every product meets quality standards.
A Broad Range of Steel Solutions
Hascall Steel Company takes pride in offering various steel services that meet almost every application. It selects and processes inventory to fit customer specifications by evaluating gauge, width, as well as physical and chemical properties. Since the company boasts one of the largest and diverse inventories, it offers different types of steel for various commercial purposes, including hot rolled black, cold rolled aluminized, coated steel, and more.
Customers can count on the company to shorten lead times and reduce supply chain costs. Hascall Steel Company's cost-effective solutions will deliver the right steel product, exceed quality processes, and provide a quality assurance guarantee.
Precise Steel Processing
The company's technicians go through rigorous training to operate their machines and achieve the ideal tolerance level that will result in the perfect coil or sheet. Hascall Steel Company has an in-house laboratory that runs multipoint testing to check whether the steel properties fall within the client's composition requirements.
About Hascall Steel Company
Hascall Steel Company has been serving the steel service needs of customers for over 45 years. It offers competitive rates and ensures availability of some of the most in-demand products and steel services. The company has become simultaneous to a provider of top-quality steel processing services.
To learn more, visit http://www.hascallsteel.com/.
May 2 Cadiz Inc:
* Cadiz Inc announces strategic transaction with Apollo to finance cadiz water project construction
* Cadiz - funds managed by Apollo affiliates, co executed agreements to replace, refinance co's senior secured mortgage debt, provide $15 million new senior debt
* Cadiz Inc - Apollo funds also executed conditional commitment letter to fund up to $240m in construction finance expenditures for Cadiz Water Project
* Cadiz Inc - apollo funds entered into an agreement to provide $60m of capital to refinance Cadiz's $45m senior secured mortgage debt Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The NBC and Comcast logo are displayed on top of 30 Rockefeller Plaza, formerly known as the GE building, in midtown Manhattan in New York July 1, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
Comcast Corp's NBCUniversal is pacing ahead in the amount of advertising inventory it has sold for next February's Winter Olympics compared with the same time four years ago, NBC Sports executives said on Wednesday.
NBCUniversal is paying $963 million for the right to broadcast the Winter Olympics from PyeongChang, South Korea, as part of a $4.38 billion media rights deal with the International Olympic Committee (IOC) that carries through the 2020 Summer Olympics from Tokyo.
NBCU has a separate $7.65 billion deals with the IOC for U.S. rights through 2032.
NBC Sports executives met with advertisers on Wednesday to get them to purchase ads for next year's Olympics.
NBC Sports executives said on a conference call with reporters that they were “a little bit” ahead of where they were at this point four years ago. Executives would not give any dollar amount for the advertising commitments for PyeongChang, which is costing NBC nearly $200 million more than the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics, which cost the network $775 million.
NBC brought in more than $800 million in ad sales for the Sochi Olympics.
The Winter Olympics begin Feb. 8, 2018, only four days after NBC's airing of Super Bowl LII. Dan Lovinger, executive vice president, said NBC will offer advertisers the chance to package ad buys across both events. It will be the first time since 1992 that any U.S. network will air both events in the same year.
As it did with the 2016 Rio Olympics, NBC is working with Snap Inc's Snapchat, giving the mobile app access to Olympic content, which will be curated by BuzzFeed. NBCU, which is famously guarded about giving access to official Olympic video to other outlets, has invested in both companies.
For the Winter Olympics, NBC will be able to sell Snapchat's geofilters and lenses for advertisers to sponsors, which can cost as much as $700,000 for 24 hours. It will be the first time Snap has allowed a third party to sell those to advertisers.
(Reporting by Tim Baysinger; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
PERU, Ind. (AP) — Some drug traffickers appear to be using President Donald Trump's image to brand their illegal wares.
Scroll for more content...
An Indiana State Police news release about 129 arrests in a series of drug busts in northern Indiana includes a photo of what police describe as “Trump-shaped ecstasy pills.”
They are orange and stamped with a face. On the back are the words “great again,” an apparent reference to Trump's campaign slogan, “Make America Great Again.”
Traffickers sometimes produce uniquely shaped or colored drugs as a marketing technique to encourage buyers to return for more.
Friday's release doesn't provide details, including how many of the pills were seized.
The six-day operation in June involved traffic stops by state and city police, as well as sheriff's departments. LSD, cocaine and other drugs were also seized.
Senior Software Developer (.NET)
Senior .NET Developer – up to R75,000 CTC
International consultancy based in Cape Town, looking for an experienced C#Developer to join their expanding team on a permanent in-house basis.
Perks:
They offer an open plan, agile work environment and work on the latest projects using the newest technologies.
Other perks such as FREE gym, FREE lunches, modern offices, location allows you to avoid traffic, flexi hours, quarterly teambuilding events, “non corporate environment”, and more is on offer for the successful candidate!
Responsibilities:
Your main focus will be on assissting with client project development and integration based at the office. The opportunity to grow within the company into a manager role exists for ambitious individuals who are keen to further progress on a professional level.
The candidate would be:
The right candidate will have a passion for coding, as well as a creative mindset. Knowledge of C#, ASP, MVC and SQL is essential. Other skills such as JavaScript, Bootstrap and React would be beneficial.
This is an opportunity not to be missed, you will be working under some of the best in the business, using the latest technologies.
If you would like the opportunity to work with like-minded, Microsoft professionals in an environment where you can grow on a personal as well as professional level, apply now!
I have a strong relationship with this client so I'm able to arrange interviews on short notice. Send an up to date CV to (email address) or call me on (contact number) for more information on how to secure this position.
As the global leader in .NET recruitment, Nigel Frank International are the sole supplier to this client. We lead the way in .NET recruitment and deal with some of the biggest Microsoft partners throughout the industry, some of which use us exclusively to recruit high caliber candidates due to our understanding of the market.
Learn more/Apply for this position
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
[India], Jul 4 (ANI): A man was thrashed by people outside the Civil Lines police station here for allegedly eloping with a girl.
According to the police, the Station House Officer (SHO) has been given a show cause notice, while the head constable has been suspended.
A case has been registered in this regard. (ANI)
The continued sentencing hearing for former doctor Larry Nassar erupted in chaos Friday morning.
Scroll for more content...
After listening to his daughters describe the abuse they suffered, Randall Margraves tried to take matters into his own hands.
He lunged towards Nassar in court and the bailiffs sprung into action.
"I understand his emotional outburst," Saginaw County Sheriff William Federspiel said.
Federspiel has two daughters and admits he too would have had trouble containing himself. He said the bailiffs who intervened did the right thing.
"We have to make sure that the rule of law is always followed and that we don't ever allow anyone to exert any type of street justice," Federspiel said.
The sheriff and Lt. Miguel Gomez said what those bailiffs did was textbook procedure.
"They did an excellent job. If you look, the first deputy grabbed him around the chin, right? And then he turned his head and then when he was put on the ground they controlled the head and then he couldn't move anymore," Gomez said.
Gomez said court bailiffs are not only trained on how to stop an attack, but watch for warning signs such as facial cues.
The sheriff said when emotions run high, those deputies have to be on an even higher alert.
"They can only respond to actions. So you have to wait until he makes his first move and the minute he makes a move physically to do something that's when we have to intervene and that's what they did," Federspiel said.
The father was later brought back into the courtroom where he apologized for his attack.
"You have to remember one of the first duties of a father is to protect his daughters. So it's going to be emotional and it should be emotional," said Mark Gaertner, assistant Saginaw County prosecutor.
The father spent some time locked up on Friday after his outburst, but no charges were filed against him. Gaertner believes that was the right call in this situation.
"To him, his daughters are probably worth a lot more than a prison sentence for Dr. Nassar. You can understand it. It's human nature. It's human behavior," Gaertner said.
DESLEIGH Forster believes Too Good To Refuse finally has conditions to suit in his bid to reclaim his place among Queensland's best sprinters when he runs in Friday's $100,000 Rockhampton Newmarket.
Too Good To Refuse has not won since his devastating performance in the Keith Noud Quality in November of 2016.
He has finished top four in nine of 16 starts since then, including three black-type placings, but connections have been left wondering what might have been.
With Eagle Farm out of play, Too Good To Refuse's record has suffered from having to race around the tighter Doomben track.
Camera Icon Too Good To Refuse finishes strongly to win at Eagle Farm. Picture: Supplied, Grant Peters, Trackside Photography
The wider expanses of Callaghan Park, with a long run in and likely firm ground give Forster the confidence to think the drought might end.
“Frustrating? It can be frustrating if you let it, but it doesn't get you anywhere. Even though he hasn't won for a long time, he's run a lot of good races,” she said.
“That's the way he races and the tracks probably haven't helped.
“With a horse like him, we've had to run him a lot of times even when we didn't want to, because they are the races that have come up.
“Now we've worked out we can wait a month for the right race to come along. We can take him to the beach and just keep him ticking over. He goes well fresh and we picked this race out a while ago.
“I think he's got plenty of favours this time. It's a nice weight, the right style of track and he's in good form.
Camera Icon Too Good To Refuse trainer Desleigh Forster. Picture: AAP
“We just have to be patient and I think he gets his chance. With Charlie Boy and Niccanova there, I think he gets in pretty good at the weights.
“He's going as good as I've ever had him going. I'm very happy with where he's at. He just has to travel well now, that's the only little query.”
In-form Jimmy Orman, off a treble at the Sunshine Coast last Saturday, takes the reins on Too Good To Refuse for the first time on raceday.
“He's had a nice trial since his first-up run (winning at Doomben on June 26) and Jimmy (Orman) was able to get a feel of him. We think he's an easy horse to ride – you've just got to be patient,” Forster said.
“We didn't want to be on the inside last time but he just kept getting jammed back in there. There was nothing Jimmy (Byrne) could do and he was pretty kind to him in the last 150m.”
There is the forecast for some showers tomorrow, but Forster doesn't expect them to have too much of a detrimental effect on the track if they arrive.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – In 2017, 19 states across the country increased minimum wage.
The minimum wage increased in Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Hawaii, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, Montana, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, South Dakota, Vermont, and Washington. Massachusetts and Washington state have the highest new minimum wages in the country, at $11 per hour.
Tennessee is one of five states that do not have a minimum wage law, a trend throughout the Southeast United States. The national minimum was last raised, to $7.25, in 2009.
While 19 states have minimum wage laws that are at $7.25 and two states have standards less than the federal minimum wage, 31 states have laws that call for a minimum wage higher than the national minimum wage.
About 7.4 percent of hourly workers in Tennessee earned wages at or below $7.25, according to the U.S. Census Current Population Survey. That's the highest proportion of minimum wageworkers in the country, according to the report. Nationally about 4.3 percent of the workforce or 3.3 million workers earn at or below minimum wage.
Back in 1968, the federal minimum wage was $1.60 an hour. Tennessee's current minimum wage of $7.25 an hour is 31 percent lower than the value of the minimum wage in 1968. According to Raising the Minimum Wage, if the minimum wage had kept up with inflation during the ensuing 46 years, it would be more than $10.50 an hour today.
President Barack Obama has sought to gradually raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 an hour. Raising the minimum wage would increase wages for 635,000 workers in Tennessee by $987,829,000 if the minimum wage is raised to $10.10, according to the Center for American Progress Action Fund.
“Right now, a parent working full-time earning the minimum wage and raising two children is making poverty wages. She struggles to make ends meet and can barely afford basics such as school supplies for her children. But with a higher minimum wage, workers will have more money to spend on basic needs, money that will go back into the local economy, which in turn gives businesses more customers—helping them to hire more workers. It is time to put more money in the pockets of hardworking people in Tennessee and boost our economy,” said Anna Chu with the Center for American Progress Action Fund.
Chu argues that federal minimum wage has failed to keep up with either inflation or worker productivity. She says the widening income inequality gap is hurting low and middle-income American families and hurting communities and the economy.
While workers and labor advocates argue the increases will help low-wage workers now barely making ends meet and boost the economy by giving some consumers more money to spend, many business owners opposed the higher wages, saying they would lead to higher prices and greater automation. Some restaurant owners may consider reducing portion sizes or charging for side dishes that were once included in the price of a meal to absorb the increase, according to Melissa Fleischut, president of the New York State Restaurant Association.
“I'm sure prices will go up where they can, but restaurants want to avoid sticker shock,” said Fleischut. “They're going to have to get creative.”
The high number of states and localities raising the wage this year reflects the successful work of fast-food workers and organized labor, according to Tsedeye Gebreselassie, senior staff attorney at the National Employment Law Project, as well as federal inaction on the wage.
“These aren't only teens trying to make some pocket money,” she said. “Increasingly it's adults who are using this money to support their families.”
California raised its wage to $10.50 for businesses with 26 or more employees in 2017. New York state is taking a regional approach, with the wage rising to $11 in New York City, to $10.50 for small businesses in the city, $10 in its downstate suburbs and $9.70 elsewhere. Some specific businesses – fast-food restaurants and the smallest New York City businesses – will have slightly different wage requirements. The adjustments in New York, California and several other states are part of a series of gradual increases to a $12 or $15 hourly wage.
“This $1.50 increase, I cannot even comprehend or tell you how important this will be,” said Alvin Major, a New York City fast-food worker. The 51-year-old father of four helped lead the fight for the increase in his state, one of several successful efforts by fast-food workers and other low wageworkers around the country. “The price of food has gone up. Rent has gone up. Everything has gone up. … This will make a difference for so many people.”
Voters in Arizona, Maine, Colorado and Washington approved increases in this year's election. Seven other states, Alaska, Florida, Missouri, Montana, New Jersey, Ohio and South Dakota, are automatically raising the wage based on indexing. The other states seeing increases are Arkansas, Connecticut, Hawaii, Michigan and Vermont. Additional increases are slated for later in the year in Oregon, Washington, D.C., and Maryland.
In Arizona, the state Chamber of Commerce and Industry filed a lawsuit challenging the increase, which will raise the minimum wage from $8.05 to $10. On Thursday, the Arizona Supreme Court refused to temporarily block the raise. The minimum wage will also go up in 22 cities and counties, including San Diego, San Jose and Seattle.
BRUSSELS (Sputnik) — Russia's Permanent Representative to the European Union Vladimir Chizhov said Tuesday that the time for a bilateral strategic partnership is "long overdue."
"The moment has not only come, but it is even long overdue. It is necessary to look at the fields and areas of cooperation that meet the pressing needs of both sides," Chizhov told reporters.
Since 2014, relations between Russia and the European Union and the United States, deteriorated amid the crisis in Ukraine. Brussels, Washington and their allies introduced several rounds of sanctions against Russia on the pretext of its alleged involvement in the Ukrainian conflict, which Moscow has repeatedly denied. In response to the restrictive measures, Russia has imposed a food embargo on some products originating in countries that have targeted it with sanctions.
She goes on to say that many of her clients, who receive five weeks of coaching on how to declutter, are too ashamed to invite anyone over to their houses.
Here are some tips for starting to declutter your home:
Work in two-hour time blocks at first. It's hard to make any progress in less time. Don't turn on the TV and don't pick up the phone. Stick with getting organized.
Take one small space at a time. For instance, organize just one drawer, one small closet or your briefcase.
Invest four hours total the first week. In this length of time, you can begin to experience some progress. Stick to four hours a week, until you can trim the time to one hour a couple of days a week.
Marian says that it helps to sort your items into four piles. The first pile is the sacred stuff you don't want to store, such as pictures, your favourite purse, or cookbooks you use a lot. The second pile is stuff you want to store out of sight: nice dishes, clothes for another season, or your high school memorabilia. The third pile is for the "trash" items, and the fourth pile is the "I don't know what to do with this" items.
Marian advises that you get the trash stuff into the trunk of your car quickly. It never comes back into the house. The sacred stuff must then be put in place. And next, the items you want to store should be placed in closets or drawers.
"The pile that you don't what to do with is the only one that will require sorting," says Marian.
She advises dealing with living areas, bathrooms, and the kitchen first. This way, you can begin to open up space to invite friends over.
"Get your whole family in on the act," Marian advises. "Train your kids and spouse to declutter. You'll feel more positive vibes in your home."
The three of us decided to use Marian's system. It works. After just one month of decluttering, we were amazed.
Emma H. Hopson and Ted Hagen, Tribune News Service
In the wake of a yearlong AZCIR investigation that found lax oversight of the state program that allowed Arizona law enforcement agencies to seize $200 million from people suspected of committing crimes and spend more than half of it on general operations, the Arizona Legislature is considering a measure that would fundamentally alter how police agencies can take a private citizen's money or property.
Most significantly, HB2477 would change the evidentiary standard that police and prosecutors must meet when seizing money or property under Arizona's civil asset forfeiture statutes. The current standard is a preponderance of the evidence, which means that prosecutors must only prove that it is more likely than not that the property is linked to a crime, and thus can be seized.
The legislation would change that to clear and convincing evidence, meaning prosecutors would have to prove that there is a high probability that the property is tied to a criminal act.
The bill also seeks to make it easier for people to challenge seizures and recover their property. Under the current law, if a person challenges a seizure and does not establish that “his entire interest is exempt from forfeiture,” the person must then pay the state's attorney's fees and any costs relating to the investigation pertaining to the seized property. Arizona is the only state in the nation with such a provision.
HB2477 would also dramatically increase transparency on the civil asset forfeiture system.
Law enforcement agencies would be required to submit more detailed information each quarter to a state commission that compiles annual reports on the program.
AZCIR reported in January that the reports created by the Arizona Criminal Justice Commission include only broad spending categories, and virtually no information is provided on the assets that were seized other than their total value.
HB2477 would require detailed information on both seizures and expenditures. The bill mandates that law enforcement agencies disclose what property was seized, when it was seized, the alleged criminal offense that led to the seizure and whether charges were ever filed against the property owner.
The law allows police agencies to seize money and property, even if the owner is never charged with a crime, much less convicted.
The bill also would force law enforcement agencies to detail how seized funds are spent, including a breakdown of salaries and overtime pay for prosecutors, police officers and support staff. It would further require that any expenditure categorized as “other operating expenses” be separately itemized.
HB2477 is scheduled to be heard by the House Federalism, Property Rights and Public Policy Committee on Feb. 14, and by the House Judiciary and Public Safety Committee Feb. 15.
The bill is sponsored by Rep. Eddie Farnsworth, R-Gilbert.
MEXICO CITY Italian authorities on Sunday captured a fugitive Mexican former governor charged with drug smuggling, bank fraud, racketeering and money laundering, are expected to extradite him to Mexico over the next few days.
Tomas Yarrington, ex-governor of Tamaulipas state, on Mexico's northeastern border with Texas, was accused in 2013 by a federal grand jury in Texas of taking millions of dollars in bribes from the Gulf Cartel and other traffickers.
Mexico's attorney general's office said on Sunday the arrest of Yarrington was made possible by an Interpol red notice, the closest to an international arrest warrant "for the crimes of organised crime and money laundering, among others."
Beginning in 1998, U.S. authorities have said, Yarrington began taking bribes from the Gulf Cartel and other traffickers, when he was mayor of Matamoros on the U.S. border.
Yarrington, who was governor of Tamaulipas between 1999 and 2005, is one of several former politicians in President Enrique Pena Nieto's Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) accused of corruption. He was suspended from the PRI in 2012.
In a statement, the PRI said it backed the work of the attorney general's office and asked for all the necessary investigations to be carried out.
In March, a Mexican judge issued an arrest warrant for former Chihuahua state governor Cesar Duarte, also a member of Pena Nieto's ruling party, on suspicion of embezzlement.
(Reporting by Liz Diaz; Writing by Anthony Esposito; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
The Anne Arundel County Office of Planning and Zoning is seeking applicants for the General Development Plan Citizen Advisory Committee.
The 13 member commission will be responsible for providing input to the Office of Planning Zoning as they begin drafting the 2019 General Development Plan. The Commission will consist of a Chair, Vice-Chair, citizens from each of the seven County Council districts, as well as representatives from the environment, education, building, and planning sectors.
Applicants of diverse backgrounds, professions, gender, geography, and ethnicity are encouraged to apply. The application is available at aacounty.org/Plan2040 and can be emailed to [email protected]
The deadline for application is May 15th, 2018. The Committee will begin meeting in July. Members of County boards, committees and commissions generally may not serve on more than one such group at a time.
For more information of Anne Arundel County's General Development Plan go to: www.aacounty.org/Plan2040.
Related
Category: Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
Kate Middleton spent just 12 hours in the hospital for the birth of her third child — and stepped out to greet the public an incredible seven hours after giving birth. Even more unbelievable? She did so with her signature blowout styled to perfection and while wearing a dress and heels.
Kate has become known for her speedy hospital exits: Following both the births of the new little prince and Princess Charlotte, she was in and out of the hospital within 12 hours. (After Prince George was born, she spent one night in the hospital before heading home to Kensington Palace.)
There's no doubt that Kate's royal status contributes to her quick exits from the hospital: Her presence there causes such a frenzy outside, which can be disruptive to the other patients. (Just think about the couple who exited the Lindo Wing yesterday with their newborn, only to be greeted by a crowd of photographers!) And since Kate has access to her medical team whenever she needs them, she likely prefers to be in the comfort of her own home (make that, palace!) post-birth.
Prince William, Kate Middleton and their new baby Tim Rooke/REX/Shutterstock
Kate's glam squad also plays a key role in her stylish exit. Just one hour before welcoming her baby boy, her longtime assistant-turned-stylist Natasha Archer was spotted leaving St. Mary's Hospital. Archer helps the royal mom plan her outfits for official engagements and tours and is thought to have dropped off Kate's outfit before the royal couple debuted their newborn son on the steps of the Lindo Wing. And Kate has been counting on her personal hairdresser, Amanda Cook Tucker to style her picture-perfect blowout since 2012.
RELATED VIDEO: Royal Baby No. 3 Has Arrived!
However, this quick post-birth exit isn't exactly standard royal protocol: When Princess Diana gave birth to Prince William in 1982, and then Prince Harry in 1984, she didn't do a same-day dash out of the hospital. After William's birth on June 21, she and Prince Charles introduced him to the public on June 22, one day later. And with Harry, Diana spent one night in the hospital as well: She gave birth on September 15 and her son's public debut came on September 16.
Prince Charles, Princess Diana and Prince Harry in 1984 Tom Wargacki/WireImage
Queen Elizabeth's post-baby debuts can't compare since she didn't give birth in a hospital — she gave birth at home in the palace. It was the next generation of royals that began the new standard of giving birth in a hospital. (Princess Anne was the first to break the norm, giving birth to son Peter Phillips at St. Mary's Hospital in 1977.) The Queen gave birth to all of her four children at home.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) – Republican U.S. Rep. Diane Black has named two prominent former politicians from either end of Tennessee as co-chairman for her gubernatorial bid.
Black says former state Senate Speaker Ron Ramsey and former U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher will hold the leadership positions in her campaign. Ramsey, an auctioneer from the northeastern corner of the state, retired from the Legislature last year after presiding over vast Republican gains that took the GOP from an afterthought to near complete control. He is also a former gubernatorial candidate who fell short in the 2010 GOP primary.
Fincher, a farmer from the West Tennessee community of Frog Jump, was part of the 2010 GOP class that won back control of Congress just two years after Barack Obama was elected president. He retired last year.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Alek Minassian was a member of the forces from Aug. 23, 2017 until Oct. 25
Officials say the man accused in a van attack that left 10 people dead in Toronto on Monday was a member of the Canadian Armed Forces for two months last year.
A spokeswoman with the Department of National Defence says Alek Minassian was a member of the forces from Aug. 23, 2017 until Oct. 25.
She says Minassian did not complete his recruit training and asked to be voluntarily released after 16 days.
READ MORE: Toronto van attack suspect faces 10 counts of first-degree murder
READ MORE: Officer's actions ‘one shining moment' after Toronto van attack
The 25-year-old from Richmond Hill, Ont., was charged on Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Ten people were killed and 15 people injured after a van mounted a sidewalk in north Toronto on Monday afternoon.
More to come.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The latest census in 2014 demonstrated that there were only 1,864 wild pandas left on the planet. It is therefore incredibly lucky to encounter this animal in the wild.
The giant panda cub was for the first time spotted in the Wolong Nature Reserve in China when a group of researchers accidentally noticed the baby on a tree. The animal is likely to be about seven months old and to weigh some 20 kilograms. This nature reserve is especially advantageous for pandas as there are a lot of bamboo plants, the main source of livelihood for pandas.
Duke says men's basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski will be taking a medical leave after surgery on his lower back, the university announced Monday.
Assistant coach Jeff Capel will take over the Blue Devils, which is 12-2 this season.
Krzyzewski is scheduled to have the surgery on Friday, Jan. 6 to remove a fragment from a herniated disc. Duke's next game is Saturday, Jan. 7.
“Dr. William Richardson, Dr. Friedman, and our medical team have worked tirelessly to help manage this issue for several weeks,” Krzyzewski said, according to the university. “Together, we have determined that surgery is the best course of action at this time."
A four-week recovery is expected, ESPN reported.
Motorists are warned to expect major delays next week as carriageway resurfacing works begin for the new Lidl supermarket on A58 Park Road.
The resurfacing works begin on Monday, October 9 and are expected to be complete by Monday, October 16.
During this time, Park Road and Blackbrook Road will remain open with temporary two-way signals in effect, and Boardmans Lane will remain on a one-way closure.
Work will continue after the week of resurfacing works but with less severe delays expected.
For more information on roadworks in St Helens, visit www.sthelens.gov.uk/traffic-travel-parking.
On Monday, French Finance Minister Michel Sapin told the German newspaper Handelsblatt that in order to increase growth in the Eurozone , countries such as Germany need to increase investment.
"Germany could be more ambitious in this area," he said, adding that Europe needs to restore investment to the levels seen before the global financial crisis.
"If we all only pull in one direction, namely reducing budget deficits, the adjustments (in Europe) will be even harder."
Germany is by far the largest exporter of goods to EU and non-EU countries. In 2015, Germany accounted for 28.2 percent of the EU's exports of goods to non-member countries, and 22.6 percent of goods shipped to other EU member states.
On February 9, Germany's Federal Statistical Office announced that last year, Germany reached a record export surplus of 252.9 billion euros ($267.6 billion).
US President Donald Trump has repeatedly criticized German trade policy and threatened to place tariffs on imports from Germany such as cars.
Last month he called the EU a "vehicle for Germany," and last week his adviser Peter Navarro accused Germany of exploiting the euro exchange rate for trade purposes.
Germany "continues to exploit other countries in the EU as well as the US with an 'implicit Deutsche Mark' that is grossly undervalued," Navarro told the Financial Times.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel rejected the accusation that Germany is exploiting the euro exchange rate for trade purposes, and said that Germany has no influence over the behavior of the European Central Bank, which sets the exchange rate.
"Germany is a country that has always called for the European Central Bank to pursue an independent policy, just as the Bundesbank did before the euro existed," Merkel said.
Despite his criticism of Germany's lack of investment, Sapin told Handelsblatt that he doesn't agree with attacks on Germany's strong position within the Eurozone.
"The ECB never tries to manipulate the exchange rate of the euro to achieve trade or competitive policy goals," Sapin said.
"The euro is the currency of the entire Eurozone. On the international level, what counts are the surplus of the entire Eurozone, not that of Germany."
© AFP 2016/ John MACDOUGALL 'Uneasy Relationship': Trumponomics Makes New US President Unpopular With Germans
Henri Sterdyniak of the French Economic Observatory (OFCE) told Sputnik Francais that encouraging German investment is one of several strategies which would help stimulate demand in less competitive Eurozone countries.
"Mr Sapin's position is not completely clear. Of course, the US is right: Germany is exploiting this situation in Europe. Germany has a very low exchange rate, particularly against the dollar, which explains its record surplus to a large extent. At 8.6 percent of GDP it is the largest in the world and exceeds the rather high average 6 percent average established by the European authorities," Sterdyniak said.
"In this regard, there are two solutions. The first is rejected by Sapen: Germany exits the Eurozone, so that its exchange rate matches its competitiveness. Sapen is forced to choose another solution: for Germany to spend more, invest more, and, I might add, it would be good a good if they increased salaries in order to reduce the excessive competitiveness."
Sterdyniak said that the reluctance of German companies to reinvest their profits is causing a disbalance in the Eurozone, as well as globally.
"I must say that European integration has also led to countries being able to reach fabulous competitiveness without fearing the negative exchange rate consequences. The competitiveness of Germany doesn't suffer because of an increase in the currency's value, and that disturbs the balance in Europe and the world."
"Germany should have a considerably higher exchange rate, which upsets the world equilibrium. German companies are highly profitable, (but) they don't invest their profits, which creates a disbalance in Europe and the world," Sterdyniak said.
Similar criticism of Germany has been made by the IMF and ECB, which have called on Germany to increase investments in order to stimulate import demand and assist global economy recovery.
At a meeting of the Asian Development Bank in Frankfurt in May 2016, ECB head Mario Draghi sought to lay some of the blame for slow economic growth in the Eurozone on "excess saving" by some countries.
"In a world where real returns are low everywhere, there is simply not enough demand for capital elsewhere in the world to absorb that excess saving without declining returns."
"Our largest economy, Germany, has had a surplus above five percent of gross domestic product for almost a decade," Draghi said.
On February 5, German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schauble agreed that the Euro exchange rate is too low for Germany, but said the European Central Bank was responsible for pursuing a policy that is "too loose" for Germany.
"The euro exchange rate is, strictly speaking, too low for the German economy's competitive position," Schauble told Tagesspiegel.
"When ECB chief Mario Draghi began with the expansive monetary policy, I told him he would drive up Germany's export surplus. I promised then not to publicly criticize this course. But I don't want to be criticized for the consequences of this policy."
The Government Service Insurance System (GSIS) is evaluating external asset managers who applied to manage $800 million worth of investments in a move to diversify its funds.
“We're looking at the resumes of the external fund managers. We want to make sure that they're really qualified. We have to be able to trust them,” GSIS President and General Manager Jesus Clint O. Aranas said in a press conference Wednesday, July 4.
Mr. Aranas said more than 40 fund managers applied for the trust fund, with the state pension fund only hiring two.
Qualifications for the pension fund's wealth managers include proven track record, global presence and an experience of at least 10 years in the financial markets, Mr. Aranas said.
GSIS has extended its search for external asset managers by a month until April 13 as it wants to receive more applicants. — Karl Angelo N. Vidal
Manchester United have signed Swedish defender Victor Lindelof from Benfica on a four-year deal. It's believed the 22-year-old will cost United a fee of 35 million euro.
Lindelof arrived in Manchester fresh from international duty with Sweden, where he was an unused substitute in last night's 1-1 draw with Norway.
Lindelof is Jose Mourinho's first summer signing and could be the first of three or four high-profile acquisitions expected at Old Trafford this summer.
Here's a look at the National Hockey League (NHL) All-Star Game.
Scroll for more content...
January 28, 2018 - The NHL All-Star Game takes place at Amalie Arena in Tampa, Florida. The Pacific Division defeats the Atlantic Division, 5-2. Brock Boeser is named MVP.
January 29, 2017 - The NHL All-Star Game takes place at Staples Center in Los Angeles. The Metropolitan Division defeats the Pacific Division, 4-3. Wayne Simmonds is named MVP.
Other Facts: The All-Star Game is sponsored by Honda.
2016 brings a format change, where the teams play three-on-three in a tournament, in games lasting 20 minutes.
Fans vote online to select the captains of four divisions. The player with the most votes in his division wins.
The NHL Hockey Operations Dept. selects the remaining 40: six forwards, three defensemen and two goalies per team, for a total of 44 All-Stars. There are 11 players on each team.
The division representatives in the Western (Central and Pacific) and Eastern (Atlantic and Metropolitan) conferences play, then the winners face off for the championship.
2018 NHL All-Star Team Captains: Atlantic Division: Steven Stamkos, Tampa Bay Lightning
Central Division: P.K. Subban, Nashville Predators
Metropolitan Division: Alex Ovechkin, Washington Capitals
Pacific Division: Connor McDavid, Edmonton Oilers
Full All-Star Game Rosters
Timeline:
October 13, 1947 - The first NHL All-Star Game is played in Toronto. The defending Stanley Cup team played a selection of players from the league's other teams.
1966-1967 - The All-Star Game is moved from the start of the season to mid-season.
1968 - The last year that the defending Stanley Cup team played against a selection of All-Stars.
1979 - The All-Star Game is replaced with a game pitting NHL stars against players from the Soviet Union. This happens again in 1987.
1995 - The All-Star Game is canceled due to a labor dispute.
1998 - The format of the All-Star Game is changed again. North American stars play against a group of all-stars from around the world. This format lasts for five years.
2005 - The All-Star Game is canceled due to a labor dispute.
2006, 2010, 2014 - No All-Star Game due to the Winter Olympics.
2011 - The format of the All-Star Game changes from a conference vs. conference format to a fantasy draft format.
2013 - The All-Star game is canceled due to a labor dispute.
January 25, 2015 - The NHL All-Star Game is held in Columbus, Ohio. Team Toews defeats Team Foligno 17-12, in the highest scoring All-Star Game in history.
November 2015 - The format changes again, to a three-on-three tournament between the four division teams.
“Right now, we can't afford the sustainment costs we have on the F-35,” Ellen Lord, the new Defense Department undersecretary for defense acquisition and sustainment, told reporters this week. “And we are committed to changing that.”
The F-35 Joint Strike Fighter is the most expensive weapons program in US history and remains the Pentagon's "most significant" program, according to Lord.
© AP Photo/ Rick Bowmer US to Equip Future F-35 Fighters with Nuke Capabilities - Nuclear Posture Review
According to the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, "sustainment is a key component of performance. Including sustainment planning ‘up front' enables the acquisition and requirements communities to provide a weapon system with optimal availability and reliability to the warfighter at value."
The stealthy F-35 is available to fly missions at a moment's notice only "around 50 percent" of the time it sits in hangars, the Pentagon's Director of Operational Test & Evaluation (DOT&E) said in a report to Congress last week. What's more, this availability rate "has existed with no significant improvement since October 2014, despite the increasing number of aircraft," the testing office said.
The Government Accountability Office has issued comparable criticisms concerning the mounting kinks on the logistical side of sustaining the planes.
"DoD's capabilities to repair F-35 part at military depots are six years behind schedule, which has resulted in average part repair times of 172 days — twice the program's objective," the GAO reported in October. The GAO also found that there was a shortage in spare parts for the aircraft.
"The F-35 aircraft represents the future of tactical aviation for the US military, and is DoD's most expensive weapon system, with sustainment costs alone estimated at more than $1 trillion over a 60-year life cycle," the watchdog noted.
The aircraft's autonomous alert system diagnosing issues that require new parts has been prone to false alarms, or, detecting "failures" that "actually have not failed," the test and evaluation office said. This wreaks havoc on an "already overloaded repair system" because the misdiagnosed parts are "returned to the supply chain" after being sent back to the manufacturer, according to the DOT&E.
Lord offered some vague ideas about how the Pentagon would approach the sustainment cost challenge. "It's really deconstructing a program, as you always would," she said. "One of the things we've been talking about a lot is that we will be data driven," Lord told Defense News. "So, we are frankly wasting people's time if we sit around with opinions and concepts… If that is not backed up by analytical rigor and the data behind it. So, we're practicing all of that on the F-35."
Two Bangladesh club cricketers who deliberately conceded runs to protest against poor umpiring in the Dhaka Second Division Cricket League have been banned from cricket for 10 years, local media reported on Tuesday.
Lalmatia Club's Sujon Mahmud conceded 92 runs in four legal deliveries in his side's match against Axiom Cricketers last month, peppering the field with 15 no balls and 13 wides that also raced to the boundary.
Fear Fighters Sporting Club's Tasnim Hasan had conceded 69 runs in seven legitimate deliveries in a similar protest against the umpiring in an earlier match.
"This incident has dented the reputation of Bangladesh cricket and we have taken a stern step because this was important for us," Bangladesh Cricket Board director Jalal Yunus was quoted as saying by local newspaper the Daily Star.
The two clubs have been barred indefinitely from competition. The captains, managers and coaches of both teams have been banned for five years.
"They willingly tarnished the image of Bangladesh cricket," Sheikh Sohel the BCB's disciplinary committee chief said.
"A bowler won't be able to do such a thing without the order of their team management. From the whole investigation we realised that it was done to hurt Bangladesh cricket."
(Reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru, editing by Ed Osmond)
[India], May 31 (ANI): Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath called for a Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI)-led probe into the death case of ATS officer Rajesh Sahani.
Yesterday evening, the Chief Minister held a meeting with Principal Secretary (Home) and DGP UP, where he took the decision.
A recommendation in this regard has also been sent to the Central Government.
On May 29, Rajesh Sahni, a senior police officer of Uttar Pradesh Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) committed suicide in Lucknow.
Sahni was Additional Superintendent of Police of Uttar Pradesh ATS. His body was found inside the ATS office with a bullet wound. "Rajesh Sahni, Additional Superintendent of Police, ATS, committed suicide by shooting himself on the temple at 1245 hrs in his office with an official weapon. The reason for suicide is being ascertained, "said, Additional Director General (Law and Order) Anand Kumar. Sahni was a 1992 batch Provincial Police Services (PPS) officer. (ANI)
So far, supplies are still well stocked for those making last-minute preparations for Hurricane Nate. (Photo source: WLOX)
After escaping two hurricanes, one to the west and then one to the east, now it's South Mississippi's turn to deal with the mess that Nate will be causing.
For some, the preparations have already been made. For others, it's just beginning. So far, grocery store shelves are pretty well stocked, and business is steady.
“I had to come get water so I'd have distilled water for my puppies,” said Carolyn Cadenhead, of Gulfport. “And, of course, I added a few things along the way.”
Cadenhead is among many not in a big rush or having a big worry about the storm.
“I've lived here all my life, and I've been through a bunch of them,” Cadenhead said. “My house is nice and sturdy, and I don't worry about things that I can't do anything about.”
Nancy Wood is calm as well.
“My God is the master of the sea,” Wood said. “He calms the storms. I'm in his hands.”
Gas lines for some stations have been long.
“Last night, it was pretty hard to get,” said Darnell Swanier, of Gulfport. “It was gridlock up in here.”
Today is a little easier for Swanier, who is also a Katrina veteran.
“Going through a storm already, you kind of know about what's to be expected, what's coming, and how to be prepared,” said Swanier.
The sand bag locations are getting busier.
“We have a low front yard, and the water drains right down to the front door,” said Jaime Witcher, of Biloxi.
He hasn't been flooded yet, but he's not taking any chances.
“We've been very fortunate, but we don't know what this one's going to do,” said Witcher.
Brad Smith is originally from Paducah, KY.
“We're familiar with storms up there, but not this kind,” Smith said. “So, this is my first hurricane, and we live in Pass Christian now. So, about 1,700 feet from the beach. So, we're getting ready with some plywood.”
He's leaning from others with more experience.
“I'm not worried, because I live by people who went through Katrina,” Smith said. “And, and they stayed there for it. So, against all odds, they were fine. And so, we're listening to their advice.”
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All Rights Reserved.
× Man accused of mowing down pedestrians in Toronto charged with murder
TORONTO — Alek Minassian, the man suspected of plowing into pedestrians with a van Monday, was charged Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder in a Toronto court.
Minassian is also charged with 13 counts of attempted murder.
No one knows why a rental van plowed into Toronto pedestrians for nearly a mile — except for the driver himself.
By the end of the melee Monday, 10 pedestrians were killed. Another 15 were injured. And now the suspect is in custody, though the reason for the devastation remains unclear.
“Obviously all Canadians continue and will continue to have questions about why this happened, what could possibly be the motive behind it,” Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Tuesday.
Investigators hope to get more answers when the suspect, Alek Minassian of Richmond Hill, Ontario, appears in court at 10 a.m. ET Tuesday.
So far, officials aren't calling this an act of terrorism. “There would appear to be no national security connection,” Canadian Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said.
But Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said “it's very clear just from a general perspective to say that the actions definitely look deliberate.”
The van sped down a busy street Monday with reckless abandon, swerving into the wrong lanes of traffic and careening onto a sidewalk.
Minassian was arrested in a white rental van less than 30 minutes after police received a 911 call, Saunders said.
He said Toronto authorities hadn't had previous contact with the 25-year-old suspect. But a US law enforcement official with knowledge of the matter said Minassian was known to authorities.
Clue emerges from Facebook
Investigators found a Facebook account they believe belongs to Minassian, CNN law enforcement analyst Josh Campbell said.
A message posted on the account earlier Monday read: “All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!”
Campbell said investigators believe the post refers to the man who killed six and injured 14 in a drive-by shooting and vehicle ramming attack near the University of California Santa Barbara campus in 2014. Rodger later died from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Investigators said Rodger was motivated to carry out his attack by a personal grievance related to his immersion in the extremist ideological subculture of men's rights activists, who believe women don't actually want gender equality and have been brainwashed by feminist propaganda.
A mile-long scene of carnage
Authorities said Minassian left a trail of destruction nearly a mile long, north of midtown Toronto.
“Based on witness accounts, we have a vehicle that started north on Yonge Street from Finch (Avenue) and drove southbound at some point in times on sidewalks, at some point in times driving southbound in northbound lanes,” Saunders said, adding that it appeared to be a deliberate act.
Ten people were transported to Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre and two were declared dead at the hospital. Five patients there were in critical condition. Two other patients were taken to St. Michael's Hospital, but their conditions are unknown.
‘Scene from a war zone'
Diego DeMatos was one of the good Samaritans who tried to save victims.
DeMatos said he was driving north on Yonge when he saw the van driving fast southbound. He said he saw the van hit a man and a woman.
“Blood started gushing out of his head, and she was bleeding really badly, too,” DeMatos told CNN.
At first, he thought the collision was a hit-and-run. But then he noticed four to five victims on the ground as he drove a few meters further.
DeMatos said he stopped to help another victim, who was already being aided by someone.
“I went over to try to perform CPR on him. … He died in our arms,” DeMatos said.
“It was like a scene from a war zone. There were garbage cans everywhere, broken bus shelters and mailboxes on the ground.”
A dramatic arrest
Cell phone video obtained by CNN partner CTV appears to show a tense standoff with a suspect after the incident. Police have not said whether the person in the video was Minassian.
The footage appears to show a man standing in front of a white van with a damaged front bumper. The man is yelling and extending one arm, pointing an object at an officer standing behind a black car.
The officer has his weapon drawn and pointed at the man. The officer slowly steps toward him and yells “Get down, get down!”
Later in the video, the man is seen on the ground and the officer is cuffing his hands behind him; the object can be seen lying on the ground off to the side.
As for whether the suspect had a weapon, “There's nothing that indicates he has a gun,” Saunders said.
Trudeau offered his condolences to the families of the victims. He thanked first responders, who he said “faced danger without hesitation, and their efforts no doubt saved lives and prevented further injuries.”
“We should all feel safe walking in our cities and communities,” he said. “We are monitoring this situation closely, and will continue working with our law enforcement partners around the country to ensure the safety and security of all Canadians.”
× Man kills estranged wife, then himself in her sister's home
SAN DIEGO — An estranged couple died in a murder-suicide at a San Diego home, authorities said Monday.
The incident was reported about 10 p.m. Sunday in the 4800 block of Elsa Road, San Diego police Lt. Mike Holden said. Responding officers found a 36- year-old woman and a 39-year-old man dead inside a residence, he said. Both were Santee residents.
“Investigators have determined that the decedents were married and having marital problems,” he said. The woman was spending the night at her sister's Elsa Road residence.
The husband is believed to have entered the residence, shot his wife and then shot himself, Holden said.
The victim's sister, husband and young children were in the residence at the time of the shooting but were not injured, he said.
The names of the victim and suspect were not released pending notification of relatives.
LONDON, March 31 Swiss-based commodities trading and mining giant Glencore is in advanced talks to sell a bundle of its global oil storage stakes, sources familiar with the matter said, following a boom period for storage companies.
If the sale reaches completion, Glencore will likely end up with minority stakes in the assets. The company owns much of its storage terminal interests via joint ventures and is selling half of these stakes, the sources said.
A spokesman for Glencore declined to comment.
"It's an exotic combination of assets with a variety of functions, mainly storage. It's most, if not all, of Glencore's global liquid storage," one source said.
The portfolio includes assets in Argentina, Belgium and Madagascar, the source said.
"As a bundle it would appeal to someone looking for an entry point to certain countries," the source added. (Additional reporting by Dmitry Zhdannikov; Editing by Dale Hudson)
CTV Atlantic
Government is taking a second look at all sexual assault cases deemed unfounded by New Brunswick's municipal police forces.
"Unfounded" is a label police use to classify an alleged sexual assault, but the definition can vary.
“An offence may have occurred or been attempted, but there just wasn't enough evidence to pursue charges,” says Beth Lyons, executive director of New Brunswick's Women's Council. “Whereas other definitions said that the investigation showed that there was no offence either attempted or completed. And those are very different definitions of unfounded.”
In Saint John for instance, between 2010 and 2016, there were 366 sexual assault cases deemed to be unfounded, averaging 45 per cent of all cases.
That was enough for the New Brunswick government to request all municipal police forces hand over those cases for them to review.
The Fredericton Sexual Assault Centre, the New Brunswick Women's Council, and the New Brunswick Police Commission are talking part in the reviews.
“It's not about police departments or RCMP defending themselves, first and foremost,” says Lyons. “It's actually about taking steps to make sure that women and others who survive sexual violence feel confident that the institutions that are supposed to protect them and help them seek justice will actually do that.”
Steve Roberge, executive director of the New Brunswick Police Commission, says he has been assured by government that the commission will get copies of all the cases, and that they will be meeting to look into the cases before the end of August.
Fredericton police not only agreed to the review, but also started a review of their own. They've reached out to the Fredericton Sexual Assault Centre to take a look at their files.
"The public should be reassured that protection of private information will not be disclosed and that we are very interested in the feedback provided by these professionals who work in the area of sexual violence from a different vantage point," said Fredericton Police Chief Leanne Fitch said in a statement.
The Department of Justice and Public Safety is leading the initiative. The meetings, which are expected to take place in the coming weeks, will determine what's next for these unfounded cases.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Laura Brown.
Johannesburg - Seven people have been arrested in Kliptown, Johannesburg, at the "Bagdad" flea market by the South African Police Service (SAPS) for allegedly being in possession of suspected stolen City of Johannesburg property, the city said on Saturday.
The suspects would appear in the Kliptown Magistrate's Court on Monday, mayor Herman Mashaba said.
"A concerned Joburg citizen contacted the city's group forensic and investigation service (GFIS) department yesterday [Friday] morning and informed the team about a group of people who stripped off building material from the vacant Kliptown RDP houses in Soweto," he said.
"A team was immediately dispatched to Kliptown, Bagdad flea market and it was confirmed that the building material was stripped off the RDP houses. The material was then being sold to the public in the market. When the suspects were questioned about where they got the building material from they became violent and threatened the team," Mashaba said.
An operation was then set up by the GFIS, the Johannesburg Metropolitan Police Department (JMPD), and the SAPS. The flea market was raided and building material belonging to the city was confiscated by the JMPD.
"Not very far from the flea market is the Soweto Country Club, where thieves stole 12 panels of clear view fence in December last year. On Friday, we arrested one suspect who is allegedly involved in the theft of the fence," he said.
"I am happy that the thieves are behind bars and I have no doubt that the SAPS will work around the clock to ensure that everyone involved faces the full might of the law. I would like to commend GFIS, JMPD, and the SAPS for the sterling job.
"I would also like to thank the residents of Kliptown and Eldorado Park who refused to be part of this criminal activities and pointed out the thieves. Historically these criminals have operated with impunity, and those days are coming to an end.
"I would also like to encourage people to report any theft, fraud, and corruption activities through our 24-hour tip-off hotline 0800-002-587 or visit the GFIS offices situated at 48 Ameshoff Street in Braamfontein," Mashaba said.
African News Agency/ANA
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady will visit President Donald Trump‘s White House with the Super Bowl-winning team this week, reports say, while other players have decided to skip the event.
The 39-year-old NFL star will take to the president's D.C. home along with the team on Wednesday, Politico reports, citing sources familiar with the planning.
Although it is tradition for Super Bowl champions to visit the White House, a few of Brady's teammates have announced that they will skip the event — and some have cited Trump's policies for their decision.
Martellus Bennett, Devin McCourty, Dont'a Hightower and Alan Branch, have all said they would not accept an invitation to visit the White House, NBC News reports.
FROM COINAGE: Super Bowl Winners Pay as Much in Taxes as You Make in a Year
However, Brady, who said in October that he considers Trump a friend, said he has no negative feelings about his teammates' decision, telling NBC Sports, “Everybody has their own choice.”
“Putting politics aside, it never was a political thing At least, it never was to me,” Brady said. “It meant you won a championship and you got to experience something cool with your team, with your teammates.”
He added: “You only get so much time with your family and friends, and if people don't want to go they don't want to go and that's their choice.”
Brady skipped a 2015 visit to the White House when Barack Obama was in office due to a prior family commitment, ESPN reported. He was in attendance during the team's three visits to George W. Bush's White House, according to Boston.com.
(CNN) - The Washington Nationals are opening their playoff season Friday with a special visit from a Rep. Steve Scalise (R-LA).
Scalise will throw out the ceremonial first pitch in the game against the Chicago Cubs.
Scalise was critically wounded in June when a gunman opened fire on the Republican baseball team at a practice before its annual game against the Democrats.
He was shot in the hip and suffered significant damage to bones, organs and blood vessels.
Three other people were also shot before police killed the gunman.
Scalise returned to the House of Representatives last month.
Copyright 2017 CNN. All rights reserved.
Smart Office Market: Introduction
Conventionally, office spaces were operated manually to control HVAC settings, lighting, surveillance, and safety & access control. With due course of time and changing workplace environments drive advancement towards the adoption of smart office infrastructures.
The smart office systems deploy automated systems, sensors, and advanced communication infrastructure & networks, which assist in providing the centralized control and wireless data transfer for monitoring and data analysis. Advanced HVAC systems and automated lighting systems contributes the commercial places to manage energy in a better and systematic way, owing to various benefits associated with deploying smart office infrastructure the demand for smart devices for office and other commercial building spaces is projected to increase.
Request Sample Report @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6208
Smart Office Market: Drivers and Restraints
Increasing the demand for better commercial infrastructure to motivate employees for work is the major factor driving the growth of the smart office market during the forthcoming years. Owing to increase in inclination to adopt energy saving solution at offices is the other primary factor spurring the growth of the smart office market. Also, increasing internet penetration globally is influencing the installation of better and advance infrastructure, which provides more luxury at commercial places is also contributing to scale the demand for the smart office market.
Also, increase in demand for smart lighting in commercial sectors to save energy cost is another driver for the growth of Smart Office Markets during the forecast period.
Global Smart Office Market: Market Segmentation
Global Smart Office Market can be divided into three segments, on the basis of Product, Building Type, and Region.
Segmentation on the basis of the Product of Smart Office Market as:-
The major segments of Smart Office Market on the basis of the Product include:-
Smart Lighting
Security and Access Control Systems
Audio Video Conferencing Systems
Energy Management Systems
Smart HVAC Control Systems
Fire and Safety Control Systems
Request Report toc @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6208
Segmentation on the basis of the Building Type for Smart Office Market as:-
The major segments of Smart Office Market on the basis of the Building Type include:-
Retrofits
New Office Buildings
Global Smart Office Market: Competitive Landscape
The major player operating in Smart Office Market includes United Technologies Corporation, Koninklijke Philips, Electric SA, Honeywell International, ABB Ltd., Schneider Siemens AG, Johnson Controls, Cisco Systems, Lutron Electronics and Creston Electronics.
In October 2014, a major player in the smart office market, Schneider Electric launched the Fiber to the Home (FTTH) solution to boost the company's smart building products segment in the market. This solution aims to enhance the company's Smart & Intelligent Homes portfolio by providing better services related to lighting & room controls, home automation, building management systems, and security and surveillance systems.
Global Smart Office Market: Regional Trend
Owing to development in the commercial and industrial sectors in emerging economies such as China, India is the major reason, significantly promoting the growth of the smart office market. Also, increase in demand for better office infrastructure and to deliver good environment to the employees are the key reason driving the adoption of the Smart Office Market during the forecast period.
April 7 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Headlines
* Tillerson says U.S. 'steps under way' for removal of Syria's Assad. on.ft.com/2o2Iz3o
* Norway's oil fund wants CEO incentive plans scrapped. on.ft.com/2o7LKIJ
* Twitter sues U.S. over account that criticised Trump. on.ft.com/2o2DwzX
Overview
* U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the Trump administration had begun efforts towards removing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad from power after the suspected gas attack in the war-torn country that killed more than 70 people earlier this week.
* Norway's $915 billion sovereign wealth fund, the world's largest, wants the firms it invests in to end long-term incentive schemes for chief executives.
* Twitter Inc said in a lawsuit on Thursday that it had received a demand from U.S. officials for records that could reveal the user behind an account opposed to President Donald Trump and that it was challenging the demand in court. (Compiled by Parikshit Mishra in Bengaluru; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Despite Josh Homme's apology, social media users are furious with his behavior during their latest concert.
Performing in Los Angeles, the Queens of the Stone Age musician kicked a photographer, Chelsea Lauren, in the head as she took pictures of him close to the stage. While he claims that he would never harm anyone intentionally, the whole world can see his move on Instagram. Lauren intends to file a police report, as she was hospitalized, saying her “eyebrow was bruised and her neck was sore.”
Later Homme apologized on Twitter and then posted a video on YouTube where he addresses Chelsea, but it seems that people are even angrier with him now.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Ships belonging to the fleet are currently continuing to carry out duties in long-haul expeditions in the Mediterranean Sea and in the North Atlantic, he added.
"Throughout 2016, Baltic Fleet ship detachments carried out seven long-haul expeditions in the Indian and Atlantic oceans," Martov said in a statement.
Baltic Fleet ships visited ports in Spain, Greece, Oman, Malta, Cyprus, Djibouti, as well as visiting Cuba and Trinidad and Tobago for the first time in recent history, according to the spokesman.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
SAN DIEGO — A former U.S. Border Patrol agent was convicted by a federal jury Friday in San Diego of seven counts of illegal transportation of firearms and one count of possession of a short-barreled rifle.
Martin Rene Duran, 48, of Chula Vista was found guilty following a three-day trial, according to Kelly Thornton, the director of media relations for the Office of the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of California.
“According to evidence presented at trial, Duran purchased seven firearms in Arizona in 2011, 2013 and 2014,” Thornton said. “Duran made these purchases using an Arizona driver's license with an address where he never lived and claimed Arizona residency even though he resided in California.
“At the time of the execution of a federal search warrant in October 2015, Duran was in possession of multiple firearms that were illegal in California and one short-barreled rifle.”
Duran is due to be sentenced on April 30. He is facing a five-year prison sentence, $250,000 fine and three years of supervised release following his release from prison for each conviction of illegal transportation of a firearm and a 10-year sentence, $250,000 fine and three years of supervised release for the conviction of possession of unregistered firearm, Thornton said.
“Federal law enforcement officers are not above the law,” U.S. Attorney Adam L. Braverman said. “All citizens are required to abide by the laws of the United States.”
Everton midfielder Tom Cleverley will join Watford permanently at the end of his current loan spell, the Premier League clubs said on their websites on Friday.
Cleverley, who has 42 appearances for Everton, joined Watford on loan in January with an option to make the move permanent. Watford have taken up that option, handing the 27-year-old a new five-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; Editing by Alison Williams)
Testimony wrapped up for the week in the trial of Rex and Rebecca Clark, the Seminole couple accused of killing their foster child, 9-year-old Colton, back in 2006. The body has never been found.
Today, Rebecca Clark took the stand. At times, she rambled. Other times she was visibly agitated with the questions she was being asked. Colton's brother testified the two were abused by Rebecca and Rex. He also testified the last time he saw Colton, his face was swollen from a beating he had suffered.
Mrs. Clark insisted the testimony about the abuse was false and the beatings "never, never occurred" and are "fabricated." When asked if she saw her husband Rex kill Colton, she replied, "Absolutely not."
As Mr. Clark was being led down the hallway by deputies, we asked him if he killed Colton. He grinned and strained against his handcuffs. Leaning forward, he said, "Do I look like it?" as deputies pulled him back.
The trial will resume Monday.
The Ontario Liberals have an extra $1.5 billion to spend between now and the next election and can still keep their promise to balance the provincial budget by 2018, thanks to a helpful ruling on how to handle surpluses in a couple of big provincial pension funds.
For $1.5 billion, the Liberals could cut electricity bills by another eight per cent and probably buy labour peace with Ontario's doctors and have some left. They could stop pressuring boards of education to close half-empty schools. They could replace half a dozen small hospitals. They could even cut taxes.
We're talking serious money.
Premier Kathleen Wynne and Finance Minister Charles Sousa have sworn up and down that Ontario will finish 2018 with a balanced provincial budget.
But they got a shock last fall when Bonnie Lysyk, the province's auditor general, told them she thought it was wrong to count money held by the pension plans for the Ontario Public Service Employees Union and Ontario's teachers' unions as provincial assets. Specifically, about $11 billion in surpluses in those funds, the government's share of which had been treated as government assets for as long as they'd been there. That stripped billions of dollars off the government's balance sheet.
More importantly, it meant $1.5 billion in income that the government had treated as revenue could no longer be handled that way.
That produced a nasty spat between the auditor-general and Liz Sandals, the minister who, as president of the treasury board, is in charge of how the province keeps its books. Sandals presented the legislature with an unaudited financial report because Lysyk wouldn't sign off on it, a brazen way of handling an ordinarily dull part of running the government.
The money's there either way, the only question is in which ledger it should be inscribed. If it's in this ledger here, it makes the Liberals' budget-balancing promise $1.5 billion easier; if it's in that ledger there, the promise is $1.5 billion harder.
The government appointed an expert panel to make a ruling, a four-person group led by Tricia O'Malley, former chair of the Canadian Accounting Standards Board, a job she had twice, with a long stint helping set international accounting standards in between. The others are a benefits lawyer, an actuary who consults for Ernst & Young on pensions, and the Province of New Brunswick's chief accountant.
What they say doesn't have the force of a judge's order, but they have credibility. And they say the government can count the money as a provincial asset.
The provincial government co-sponsors the pension plans, so it's effectively a half-owner. That said, the government can't directly draw on the surpluses, the money has to stay in the plans. If the government can't take the money, Lysyk's reasoning goes, the money isn't really a government asset.
Nevertheless, the panel's report volleys back, those surpluses work in the government's favour.
"It is reasonable to expect that the plan sponsors will be able to benefit from lower contribution levels in the future, if the plans have surplus assets," the panel's report says.
Ultimately: "The surpluses in the plans can be used by reducing the contributions the government is required to make to the plans, freeing cash that would otherwise be required to make contributions to be used for other purposes."
"We are committed to implementing the advice of this independent panel and will use it in preparing the province's financial statements," Sandals said in a written statement.
And in campaigning for 2018.
dreevely@postmedia.com
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SEATTLE -- On Monday, August 21, the United States will experience a Total Solar Eclipse, the first one to cross the entire country in 99 years.
While everyone in North America will have an opportunity to see a partial eclipse, the path of the total eclipse will only cross through the U.S., giving the event the name the “Great American Eclipse”.
Does your house, work, or school fall in the path of the total eclipse? How long will you be in the moon's shadow? Will you only be able to see a partial eclipse? NASA has an interactive Total Solar Eclipse map where you can zoom in and get detailed eclipse information for any location.
A Total Solar Eclipse is when the moon passes between the sun and the earth, blocking the sun from view as casting a shadow on the Earth. If you're in the dark part of that shadow, you'll see a total eclipse.
The eclipse will start at approximately 9 a.m. Pacific Time on August 21. If you are in a spot where you can see it, the total eclipse will last between one and three minutes depending on your location.
Click here to use the interactive map >>
April 18, 2017
by The Canadian Press
BULL ARM, N.L.—There's some good economic news in cash-strapped Newfoundland today as a ceremony marks the wind-up of construction for the massive Hebron oil platform.
It will be towed next month from Bull Arm to its destination about 350 kilometres southeast of St. John's.
Hebron is expected to start producing oil later this year in a field estimated to contain more than 700 million barrels of oil.
The $14-billion project employed more than 3,500 people at the height of construction.
Total costs have almost tripled and oil prices have dropped since the Hebron project was first announced 10 years ago for an estimated price of $5 billion.
The governing Liberals say Hebron will generate $10 billion in royalties and benefits over the next 20 years—less than half what the former Tory government estimated.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An angry resident has accused Curo of wasting much-needed social housing after two three-bedroom family homes on the Foxhill estate have been allowed to sit empty for months.
One of the two houses on Queens Drive has sat empty since March, while the other has been vacant since June.
A concerned resident, who doesn't want to be named, says Curo haven't given her any answers as to why the houses are empty.
The mum-of-one, who lives on Queens Drive, explained she brought the matter to the attention of the housing group in a resident's meeting held in September and was told the housing company would be looking into it.
“I just want to know why these houses have stood empty for so long,” said the frustrated resident.
(Image: Paul Gillis)
“But we're in December now and there's still nobody living there.
“It's absolutely awful when you consider the homeless situation in the area. It breaks your heart when you go shopping and you see them on the streets.
“They don't have anything in the world, but there's two perfectly good family homes rotting away here.
She said one of the homes had been empty since the tenant, an elderly lady, died in March.
"She lived on her own and Curo haven't been anywhere near the house since then," she said.
“Her husband moved out years ago and I think he is still on the tenancy but it's been empty since she died."
(Image: Paul Gillis)
The other home housed a family and police visited "all the time", she continued, adding that the garden was filthy and full of rubbish.
"I think there were troublesome teenagers and so on living there.
“All of the sudden in June or July the family disappeared in the middle of the night and they've been gone ever since.”
The 38-year-old resident, who has lived on the estate her whole life, claims that no one from Curo has been to visit either home since they were left empty.
She said a lack of care has led to the large family homes falling into disrepair with rubbish piling up in the gardens and mould growing on the exterior.
“The houses are really overgrown, disgusting and vile,” said the resident.
“No one from Curo has been up to do anything at all with them. The windows are black and there's a half collapsed shed in one of the gardens.
“If some squatters were walking past they would be straight in there, and they could be targeted by drug users too.
“There are lots of children living on this street and having these houses empty is a huge concern.
“But the main issue is that there should be families in there. Why didn't Curo do up the houses and get more families in – it's just a big fat waste.
“There are lots of places where children live in cramped flats with no gardens at all and it just seems ridiculous having two three-bedroom houses sitting empty - it's just wasteful.
“It shouldn't take so long to go and sort the houses out though in any case.
“In their defence it looks like they've taken on a lot more than they can chew and they are probably packed to the rafter with repairs and so on.
“Most people on the estate are more concerned about losing their own houses at the moment.”
Social housing company Curo is planning to knock down up to 542 homes and build up to 700 new ones at Foxhill - with the loss of 250 social homes.
A spokesperson for Curo said: “The current tenancy on one of the homes in Queens Drive formally ended today.
“The house has already been advertised on B&NES Homesearch and we have a shortlist of 106 people who are interested in the property.
“When we receive the keys today we will carry out any required works before a new family moves into the home.
“The other property in Queens Drive has been the home of a tenant since 1989 and is still officially tenanted.
“However the tenancy is due to end in the next few weeks, at which point it will be available for a new family.
“We remain committed to providing social rented homes to local families, both in Foxhill and across our 13,000 homes in the region.
“Our re-let times are currently less than two weeks, making us one of the top-performing Housing Associations in the country according to this measure.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas will not meet U.S. Vice President Mike Pence during Pence's visit to the region this month in a snub over the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, the Palestinian foreign minister said on Saturday.
Violence erupted for a third day in Gaza in response to President Donald Trump's announcement on Wednesday, which overturned decades of U.S. policy towards the Middle East.
Israeli air strikes killed two Palestinian gunmen on Saturday after militants fired rockets from the enclave into Israel on Friday, which had been declared a “day of rage” by Palestinian factions.
Trump's recognition of Jerusalem has infuriated the Arab world and upset Western allies, who say it is a blow to peace efforts and risks sparking more violence in the region.
Late on Saturday, Arab foreign ministers urged the United States to abandon its decision and said the move would spur violence throughout the region. The Arab League, in a statement issued after an emergency session in Cairo, called Trump's announcement a “dangerous violation of international law” which had no legal impact and was void.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reacted to critics in a statement before meetings in Paris on Sunday with French President Emmanuel Macron to be followed by a meeting with European foreign ministers in Brussels.
“I hear (from Europe) voices of condemnation over President Trump's historic announcement but I have not heard any condemnation for the rocket firing against Israel that has come (after the announcement) and the awful incitement against us,” Netanyahu said.
Israel maintains that all of Jerusalem is its capital. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state.
Most countries consider East Jerusalem, which Israel annexed after capturing it in a 1967 war, to be occupied territory, and say the status of the city should be left to be decided at future Israeli-Palestinian talks.
The Trump administration says it is still committed to Palestinian-Israeli talks, that Israel's capital would be in Jerusalem under any serious peace plan, and that it has not taken a position on the city's borders. It says the moribund negotiations can be revived only by ditching outdated policies.
Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki said the Palestinians will be looking for a new peace talks broker instead of the United States and would seek a United Nations Security Council resolution over Trump's decision.
“We will seek a new mediator from our Arab brothers and the international community,” Maliki told reporters in Cairo before the Arab League meeting on Trump's Jerusalem decision.
A Turkish presidential source said Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan and French President Emmanuel Macron will work together to try to persuade the United States to reconsider the move.
A possible meeting with Pence has also been turned down by Egypt's Coptic Church, MENA state news agency reported.
White House and U.S. State Department officials did not respond to requests for comment. Palestinian officials said Pence had been due to meet Abbas on Dec. 19.
Trump's adviser and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, is leading efforts to restart negotiations, though his bid has shown little public progress so far.
ROCKETS, AIR STRIKES
Palestinian militants launched at least three rockets towards Israeli towns from Gaza after dark on Friday and Israel said it responded with air strikes that targeted a weapons depot, a military compound and two weapons manufacturing facilities.
Hamas, which controls Gaza, confirmed the two men killed in the pre-dawn strikes belonged to the group, which has urged Palestinians to keep up the confrontation with Israeli forces.
However, Palestinian protests on Saturday were less intense than on the previous two days. About 60 Palestinian youths threw stones at Israeli soldiers across the Gaza-Israel border and the health ministry said at least 10 were wounded by Israeli fire.
In the occupied West Bank, Palestinians set fire to tires and threw stones and firebombs at Israeli troops, who responded with tear gas, water cannons, rubber bullets and, in a few instances, live fire. The Israeli military said one protester was arrested.
In East Jerusalem about 60 people demonstrated near the walled Old City, where paramilitary border police and officers on horseback tried to disperse the crowd with tear gas. Thirteen demonstrators were arrested and four officers were lightly injured by stones, police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said.
On Friday, thousands of Palestinians took to the streets in protest and two Palestinians were killed in clashes with Israeli troops on the Gaza border. Scores more were wounded there and in the West Bank. Across the Arab and Muslim worlds, thousands more protesters had gathered to express solidarity.
The Turkish presidential source said Erdoğan and Macron agreed during a phone call that Trump's move was worrying for the region and that Turkey and France would make a joint effort to try to reverse the U.S. decision.
Erdoğan also spoke to the presidents of Kazakhstan, Lebanon and Azerbaijan on Saturday, the source said. On Wednesday, he called an urgent meeting of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation in Turkey next week.
A senior United Arab Emirates (UAE) official said on Saturday that Trump's move was a “gift to radicalism”.
“Radicals and extremists will use that to fan the language of hate,” Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Anwar Gargash said at the Manama Dialogue security conference in Bahrain.
Organization Central Institute for Cotton Research Type of Position SRF No. of Posts 1 Last Date 16.1.17 Education Requirement MSc Biotechnology, Genetics Experience Requirement 0…
Prince William and Princess Kate's third child made history the moment he was born. The new prince, whose name has not yet been revealed, is now fifth in line to the throne, and is the first newborn of the immediate royal family to be affected by new rules determining the line of succession. So what does that mean for the rest of the royal family?
For the first time, a female royal won't lose her place in line to the throne due to the birth of a younger brother. Princess Charlotte remains fourth in line thanks to the 2013 Succession to the Crown Act, which made birth order, not gender, the determining factor for the next heir to the throne. Previously, princes took precedence over their older sisters, and the only way a royal daughter could inherit the crown was if there were no living sons.
Before the act was passed, the arrival of a younger brother bumped older sisters down a spot in line. This happened twice to Queen Elizabeth's only daughter, Princess Anne, whose brothers Prince Andrew and Prince Edward were born more than a decade after her, and who now sit respectively at seventh and tenth in line, while she is now 13th.
Samir Hussein/WireImage
John Stillwell/PA Wire
RELATED VIDEO: Prince George and Princess Charlotte Visit Royal Baby in the Hospital
Princess Anne's older brother, Prince Charles, remains the heir to the throne. Prince William is second in line, and his children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and the new royal baby now hold the third, fourth, and fifth positions, according to their respective birth orders.
Can't get enough of PEOPLE's Royals coverage? Sign up for our newsletter to get the latest updates on Kate Middleton, Meghan Markle and more!
Chris Jackson/Getty Images
While the royal baby's arrival had no effect on his grandfather, father or older siblings' positions, he did bump his uncle, Prince Harry, down to sixth in line. Following Prince Harry, Prince Andrew and his daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie also each move down one spot in the line of succession.
Lasik treatment is one of the most common eye surgeries in the world to correct the vision of people with bad eyesight. Wearing glasses or contact lenses is not always the most comfortable thing to be doing throughout the day. There might be numerous occasions you feel you want to permanently get rid of them. Lasik treatment in Dubai can do this for you. You can say goodbye to your glasses and lenses.
This is one of the most pain-free surgeries you can do to your body. With the improvement of scientific knowledge and technology, fixing the vision of people has become an easy task. When you consider permanently fixing your eyesight, you will imagine that the surgery you have to undergo will be a complex and painful one. But, it is assured that the Lasik treatment is completely pain-free, and any person, regardless of their level of sensitivity can undergo this treatment.
It might come to surprise you that your vision will be fixed right after the surgery. You will be able to see clearly right after you walk out of the clinic. Many surgeries that a person undergo has a healing period within which the results of the surgery will develop. But, with the Lasik treatment, you will be able to witness the results right after undergoing the surgery.
You will have the opportunity to go back to your normal routine or lifestyle very fast. You are not expected to wear bandages or stitches like most other surgeries. You can resume almost all the activities within 24 hours post surgery. However, it is advisable to consult your surgeon before indulging in any activity to make sure you can go ahead with it.
You will realize over time that your expenses have significantly reduced after the surgery. You do not have to go for frequent eye check-ups, which cost a lot of money. You do not have to update your glasses every time the surgeon thinks you should. You do not have to fear about losing your contact lenses or your glasses and spending a considerable amount to get new ones every time you lose them.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Posted by admin on February 2, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
How support groups help families celebrate holidays despite grief
hello
After a loved one dies, the holidays are never the same.
They can be festive. They can be cheerful. They can even be memorable. But they'll never be the way they were before.
That's one of the many messages delivered by a national grief support program that several suburban religious communities use to help people cope with the holidays while they're in the midst of mourning.
The GriefShare program and its season-specific Surviving the Holidays events are designed to help people enduring a loss find a comforting, accepting place to learn they're not alone, said Samuel Hodges, executive producer for Church Initiative, the North Carolina-based parent organization of GriefShare.
Especially at the holidays, the hole left by the death of a spouse, a parent, a child, another close relative or a friend can seem even larger -- and lonelier.
"When everyone else is celebrating, people who have lost a loved one are often missing that person," Hodges said. "With everyone else in such a happy, festive mood, no one wants to bring that up."
GriefShare and Surviving the Holidays exist to allow people to discuss the loved ones they've lost -- to the extent they feel comfortable -- and to hear how others have found hope through the tears.
"The biggest thing about GriefShare is the sharing part," said Margie Mayfield, parish nurse at Faith Lutheran Church in Arlington Heights, which sponsored a Surviving the Holidays event in November and has a GriefShare group launching Jan. 15. "As people share, a lot of times, the answers just come and present themselves."
Different Christmas
Judy Cornett's husband, Jerry, died at age 74 in June 2016. But the loss still robbed his widow of her usual Christmas spark come December.
"I had to do Christmas so different," said Cornett, 77, of Aurora. "I didn't put up a tree. I just didn't have the energy."
With her friend Katy Klepper, whose husband also died that year, Cornett attended a Surviving the Holidays program at her church, Grace United Methodist in Naperville. She said the session helped normalize her emotions and lack of motivation.
"There were days when I didn't feel like putting on that red, sparkly sweater and acting the part," Cornett said. "And I'm an act-the-part person, so that was hard."
It's common for people experiencing grief to lose interest in or capacity to handle some time-honored traditions, Hodges said.
GriefShare facilitators, who often have endured a loss themselves, encourage attendees not to fear a shift in customs, but to "feel the freedom to change," Hodges said. Doing things differently won't dishonor a deceased relative; in fact, Mayfield said, it can commemorate the person, carry on their memory and create a "new normal."
But when things don't feel normal, Cornett advises those grieving to seek support.
"Being willing to ask for help I think is key," she said. "It's a gift that you give to other people if you allow them to help you."
Atmosphere of help
Although churches take the lead in offering holiday grief support, the meetings they host are not "churchy or theological," said the Rev. Mark Himel at Grace United Methodist. They are welcoming and honest. "It's a very purposeful atmosphere of acceptance," Himel said.
At the beginning of the Surviving the Holidays session Grace offered Nov. 29, Himel spoke of resources such as pastoral care for spiritual needs and counseling from a nonprofit organization called Samaracare. But then he faded into the background as the group watched a video and reflected on the ripples of grief throughout their lives.
No one is forced to talk during a Surviving the Holidays seminar, and no one is given a tissue -- although there are plenty on hand.
"When someone starts to cry and you hand them a tissue," Cornett said, "they think they have to stop."
They don't, Himel said. And they shouldn't.
"Each time you cry, you get a little stronger," he said. "Lots of crying means lots of healing."
Speech to Text for 5:00 - President Trump writes a letter of support to Officer Pitts' family
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
support. you'll recall -- pitts served with the police department for 16 years. he was shot and killed -- in the line of duty -- in May. news 10's abby kirk talked to people who knew officer pitts best. shes joins us in the studio with more on this special follow-up. alia, the family received a letter from president Donald Trump. as i leanred today -- this letter highlights pitts bravery, and his sacrifice. nat "coping...you know do you ever forget? no... and i don't think that you should." in some ways the loss of fallen terre haute police officer ---rob pitts---- still doesn't seem real... "we miss him...but we will keep going and we will do it in his honor and we will do it the correct way." about two months have passed ...with a fellow officer gone... but never forgotten. "it came in a manilla envelope. and the return address was ... the White House." nat "it was a letter to the family of rob pitts." at the bottom... was president Donald Trump's signature. nat "dear pitts family... it is with heavy hearts that we learn in the loss of rob." it was sealed and sent to the terre haute police department. "for him to take time and even sign the letter, it means something. it means something to the terre haute police department, it means something to the men and women in law enforcement, more importantly...and most importantly....it means something to the pitts family." "it was kind of a sense of pride...you know...that he would reach out and uh..you know just take the time to do this for us." the president of the united states wished to express his condolences over the death of a lost brother....and hero .... nat "we join your family, friends and community in honoring rob for making the ultimate sacrifice while in the line of duty." nat coming up... a message from the pitt's family.... and---what rob's older brother would say if he had the chance to see him one last time... that's straight ahead on news 10 at 6. back to you alia. we're just a couple of days away from july
A Central Florida family is accusing Walmart employees of kicking her 10-year-old son out of a motorized cart, even though, they say, he needed it.
Scroll for more content...
Tiffany Ferris started her now viral Facebook post with "Walmart did something very inexcusable," and ends with pictures of her son, Cameron, in tears outside of the big box store.
Ferris says her son needed the chair because of a muscular development delay which causes a lot of pain for the child in his legs.
The mother claims employees told her child on two different occasions, during the same trip, to get out of the chair despite his pleas.
Here's is the mother's accusation against the Walmart on 355 Cypress Garden Blvd. in Winter Haven:
"All my friends and family, I have a big favor PLEASE READ! Wal-Mart did something very inexcusable to my BABY BOY last night. Here is his story...
I took my children with me to the Wal-Mart at 355 Cypress Gardens Blvd in Winter Haven Florida last night, and as many of you know my youngest son Cameron (who will be 11 this winter) has a language delay and a muscular development delay that we are still working with his Drs on. He has been in special shoes, wheelchairs at school, and there have been many nights spent rubbing his legs so he can just sleep. Well he started to have leg spasms and I had him use a motorized cart to finish our trip. I had stepped away for a minute the first time a lady (Walmart associate) approached him and told him that he couldn't be in the carts, he was trying to explain but she just continues to tell him no! My husband approached a manager (a floor manager) who apologized and said he would make sure that didn't happen again. We completed our shopping and went to check out where people were informed we HAD to self checkout because they don't check out anyone between 10 pm and 7am...???? Then another lady says loudly "Ma'am , ma'am, excuse me Ma'am is that your son?" Pointing to my youngest, and I told her "Yes." She then goes on to Loudly make a scene about him not being able to be in the cart and he can't ride it etc... I asked her, " Are we seriously going to do this again? You guys have already upset him once and yes he is, he is disabled and he needs it." To which she replies " I DONT REALLY CARE ABOUT THAT, But minors can't ride our carts it's policy because it's a liability" ( Now I would like to add here that the FOR. ONE. ITS. ANSOLUTELY. NOT. WALMART. POLICY. AND. FEDERAL ADA GUIDELINES OUTLAW this exact behavior for a reason guys. The exact terms are that while a store is not necessarily made to carry motorized carts if they do, they and I quote "makes it a discriminatory practice to deny anyone full and equal accommodations in a place of public accommodation because of a physical disability. " if they do offer them, they must be offered to all folks and your "policy" doesn't trump Federal disability laws. At this point my baby is balling his eyes out because he is embarrassed. I help him to hobble out of the store after telling them I think they are ridiculous and after the General manager does NOTHING about the situation. There are laws about how we treat our citizens with disabilities for a reason. My son Did not deserve to be belittled and humiliated over something out of his control, and this "lady" needs to have some new training. My son is now terrified to go out to the store, and he is scared to death of Walmart! They should be ashamed of themselves and this needs to change!!!! This is my son sitting outside waiting on his father to finish shopping (EDITED **** By Shopping I was referring to the checkout process which is all part of shopping, I assumed everyone knew what I meant I apologize) because he wouldn't go back inside.please feel free to share."
The post has been shared more than 45,000 times and has garnered more than 31,000 likes. Facebook users on both sides of the case, saying Walmart is trying to protect those who actually need the chairs. Others asking Walmart to correct the issues.
ABC Action News has reached out to Walmart for comment on this issue. They released the following statement:
"We have apologized to the family about a misunderstanding over the use of a motorized cart. We always strive to ensure our customers have positive shopping experiences, and in this case we fell short. We take this matter seriously, and the store has since addressed the issue with associates."
According to the American Disabilities Act:
"State law does not specifically require retail establishments to provide motorized carts or other mobility devices for customers with disabilities to use while shopping. But it makes it a discriminatory practice to deny anyone full and equal accommodations in a place of public accommodation because of a physical disability. Whether this could be construed as requiring retail establishments to provide motorized carts or other mobility devices for customers with disabilities to use in the establishments is a matter for the court to decide. For purposes of this law, a "public accommodation" means any establishment that caters or offers its services or facilities or goods to the general public (CGS § 46a-63)."
New York University Professor and Heterodox Academy founder Jonathan Haidt writes that many of the claims about sex differences in the Google Memo are scientifically-defensible.
Haidt and his co-author, Sean Stevens, cite several peer-reviewed studies to analyze the contents of the memo that led to the firing of James Damore. The memo focused on ideological diversity at Google and cognitive sex differences that could lead to a disparity in gender representation at tech firms like Google. Haidt and Stevens point out that while there is no difference in ability between men and women with regards to performance in math and science fields, there is significant scientific research that purports that there is a gap between men and women with regards to interest in math and science fields.
advertisement
Gender differences in interest and enjoyment of math, coding, and highly “systemizing” activities are large. The difference on traits related to preferences for “people vs. things” is found consistently and is very large, with some effect sizes exceeding 1.0. (See especially the meta-analyses by Su and her colleagues, and also see this review paper by Ceci & Williams, 2015).
After analyzing several studies on the cognitive differences between men and women, Haidt and Stevens come to the conclusion that “Damore seems to be correct that there are ‘population level differences in distributions' of traits that are likely responsible for understanding gender gaps at Google and other tech firms.”
In conclusion, based on the meta-analyses we reviewed above, Damore seems to be correct that there are “population level differences in distributions” of traits that are likely to be relevant for understanding gender gaps at Google and other tech firms. The differences are much larger and more consistent for traits related to interest and enjoyment, rather than ability. This distinction between interest and ability is important because it may address one of the main fears raised by Damore's critics: that the memo itself will cause Google employees to assume that women are less qualified, or less “suited” for tech jobs, and will therefore lead to more bias against women in tech jobs. But the empirical evidence we have reviewed should have the opposite effect. Population differences in interest may be part of the explanation for why there are fewer women in the applicant pool, but the women who choose to enter the pool are just as capable as the larger number of men in the pool. This conclusion does not deny that various forms of bias, harassment, and discouragement exist and contribute to outcome disparities, nor does it imply that the differences in interest are biologically fixed and cannot be changed in future generations.
You can read the entirety of Haidt and Steven's analysis here.
Special counsel Robert Mueller is in the process of arranging interviews with current and former Trump administration officials as part of his ongoing investigation into Russia's interference in the 2016 election, the New York Times reported over the weekend.
Two people briefed on the negotiations told the Times that Mueller is particularly interested in learning more about key meetings, such as any discussions that led up to the abrupt May dismissal of former FBI director James Comey. Mueller reportedly assumed control of an FBI investigation into whether President Donald Trump obstructed justice by firing Comey, who oversaw the Russia investigation at the time. Trump later bragged to top Russian diplomats that doing so took “great pressure” off of him.
Ty Cobb, one of the lawyers leading Trump's outside counsel, told the Times that the White House would “continue to fully cooperate” with the investigation.
Recently ousted chief of staff Reince Priebus is at the top of the list of Trump associates Mueller wants to speak with, according to the Times' report. As chairman of the Republican National Committee, Priebus began working closely with Trump's campaign as soon as he emerged as the presumptive GOP nominee, and he was a fixture at most major meetings through the transition and during the first six months of the administration.
The Times report revealed that Priebus was also on the calendar of former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort on June 9, 2016—the day that Manafort and other officials met with Russians who claimed to have damaging information about Hillary Clinton to offer as part of the Kremlin's efforts to help the Trump campaign. Whether the two actually met, and what they discussed if they did meet, will be important for Mueller to uncover.
That Mueller wants to interview former and current officials promises another headache for a White House inundated with them. Trump was heavily criticized last week for his seemingly off-the-cuff escalation of threats against North Korea, in which he promised the U.S. could take military action against Kim Jong-un's government at any time. The President has also taken repeated aim at his own Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell (R-KY), whose cooperation he will desperately need as the fall legislative session begins and he hopes to finally make progress on his stalled agenda.
The Canadian Forces Snowbirds stopped to refuel at Kenora Airport before taking off again for home base at Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, Tuesday afternoon, July 3. Team service technician Sgt. John Enright related that the 431 Air Demonstration Squadron members were on their way back home from performing in Ottawa during the Canada Day celebrations on July 1.
Have a knack for trivia? Well, so does Brooke… Try to answer as many questions right as you can in 30 seconds. If you answer more correctly than Brooke, you win 100 bucks! Good luck!
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
Paris Hall, 12, says she was terrified to wake up Monday morning to find a burglar in her room. But, she will also tell you she remained calm, cool, and collected.
Scroll for more content...
Her grandparents think her calm demeanor helped keep her safe. Paris thinks so too.
"I feel like if I would've got scared, he would've got scared," Hall told ABC Action News reporter Michael Paluska.
Hall was home alone and said she heard her light switch turn on around 9 a.m. Monday morning. At first, she thought a family member was in her room. Then she saw a man she didn't recognize.
"I had rolled over and I have seen some stranger looking behind my TV so I was kind of confused and said 'excuse me what are you doing?' I had an old phone that doesn't work, it was sitting on my dresser. So, I guess, he looked at that and made up an excuse; 'Oh my uncle told me to come get my phone' and in my mind, I was thinking OK. I guess my granddad must be his uncle."
She still told the man to leave. When he went out the back door she was even more confused. Then she saw the kitchen window was shattered.
"I put two and two together and figured my granddad wasn't his uncle," Paris said. "I was very scared at that point I didn't know what to do."
She called for help. Her granddad told her to run to a neighbors house and call 911. When she ran out the front door the man was waiting for her.
"He was standing in the front yard and he asked me 'what time do your parents get back home?' I was really calm about it because I didn't want to trigger him or alarm him. He said 'do you want to come outside and chill with me for a little while?' Then I went in the house and got a knife and then I told him to leave. I went over to the neighbor's house I was scared I was crying my heart was beating."
Paris is scared to be in the house alone or sleep by herself. She hopes someone will recognize the man and call police.
The suspect is described as a black male, approximately 5' 7', short hair wearing a white hat particle facial hair, white shirt with red and blue stripes, aside washed shorts, and red, white, and blue Air Jordan shoes.
January is looming, which means most of us will already be mentally plotting an emergency diet strategy to target the unmentionable amount of mince pies and pints consumed during the Christmas period.
But what if there was a way of eating that could not only help you shed your winter weight, but also cure your January blues?
Post up on @littlelifebox ! Vata Churna (Spice Blend) for the holiday season to keep your digestion strong and healthy 🔥 LINK IN BIO A post shared by Seed & Rind (@seedandrind) on Dec 8, 2017 at 5:35am PST
That's the idea behind Ayurveda, an ancient healing system that developed some 5,000 years ago in India, translating from Sanskrit to mean “knowledge of life”. The eastern practice – which counts Gwyneth Paltrow and Jennifer Aniston as celebrity fans – is deeply rooted in the belief that health and wellness depend on a fragile balance between the mind, body and spirit. If one takes a hit, the other two are thrown into chaos.
Celeb-favoured fads usually involve all manner of bonkers rituals, but there are plenty of intuitive Ayurveda-derived practices that you've probably already adopted without realising it – like breathing exercises, yoga and drinking herbal teas. Now the wellness set are looking at how Ayurveda treats food, which happily resonates with our obsession to maintain a certain degree of sanity in an ever chaotic and stressful world.
So what exactly are the mechanics? Ostensibly, the diet is tailored to your specific body type, or “dosha”. There are three in total, “vata” are tall and slender with creative and excitable personalities, “pitta” are fair strong and study, while “kapha” are loving and gentle.
A mental disruption to the equilibrium can manifest in unpleasant physical symptoms. For example, if kapha is imbalanced, it can lead to skin breakouts and digestion problems. The idea is you keep the see-saw from swinging by eating foods that oppose your dominant dosha.
Dishes are homely and comforting (Thinkstock/PA)
Jasmine Hemsley, one half of cheffing duo Hemsley + Hemsley, is a vocal champion of Ayurveda's healing benefits and has just struck out on her own with her first cookbook on the method, East Meets West (£25, published by Bluebird). The book is filled with adaptable recipes that can be tweaked to keep each dosha harmonious.
“It's basically the food equivalent of, ‘if you're feeling hot, take off your jumper, or if you're feeling cold, put it back on,'” Jasmine tells me. She first stumbled across the method through her yoga practice, but says she soon began to notice how eating slowly and mindfully (which is a large part of Ayurvedic eating) improved her digestion.
So what other benefits can you expect? “Better balance all round – mentally, spiritually, emotionally and physically,” Jasmine says. “Getting to understand yourself as a seasonal creature can help you to customise your diet for day-to-day balance.”
As well as helping keep the mind and body on good terms, converts claim the method can boost energy levels, improve mood, fight blemishes and even ward off winter flu.
Perhaps most encouragingly of all, it's not a January diet that will leave you utterly miserable. Warm and comforting recipes include Kitchari – a creamy rice of lentils – teff waffles with turmeric, honey and lamb hotpot with pink peppercorn. “Ayurvedic doesn't mean Indian food – it's not as hot and spicy – it's much more mellow,” says Jasmine. “It's the opposite of deprivation and all about enjoying and savouring comforting food.”
East by West by Jasmine Hemsley (Bluebird/PA)
While its not designed for weight loss (devotees will tell you it's all about maintaining the balance of energy in your body) commiting to eating healthy and balanced meals after a season of roast dinners and booze is sure to work in your favour.
Brands are starting to get the buzz too. London-based drinks company Botanic Lab deals in Ayurvedic alchemy – creating cold pressed juices and tonics with ashwagandha and turmeric, which are two adaptogenic herbs at the core of the diet's stress-busting philosophy.
Organic beauty brand Urban Veda have also tailored a range of face oils to match your dosha. They'll help you fill out a personality profile before nailing the perfect person-to-potion combo.
Botanic Lab's Ayurvedic tonics (Botanic Lab/PA)
“With more and more people waking up to the fact that mind and body are inextricably connected, Ayurveda feels like a good fit for people seeking ways to manage modern living and its associated stresses,” says Botanic Lab creator Rebekah Hall.
“From a dietary perspective, we're more aware than ever that highly processed foods are having an adverse impact on wellbeing and that diets containing whole foods and plant ingredients are beneficial.”
Should it come as a surprise that physical wellness shouldn't involve starving yourself into misery at the start of the year? Probably not. Either way, January might not be so grim after all.
© Press Association 2017
April 6 Infratil Ltd:
* Infratil disposal of 19.91% stake in Metlifecare
* Entered into a block trade agreement with Forsyth Barr Limited for off-market sale of it 19.91% stake (42.4 million shares) in Metlifecare Limited
* Deal at a price of $5.61 per share for aggregate consideration of $237.93 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
On Tuesday's broadcast of MSNBC's “Morning Joe,” co-host Joe Scarborough stated VA Secretary nominee and White House Physician Ronny Jackson “sounded like Hitler's doctor,” Vladimir Putin's doctor, or a doctor in North Korea during Jackson's press conference about President Trump's health.
Scarborough said, “I thought it was just shameful, that you've got a guy that, first of all, obviously, for anybody that's ever — I mean, you don't have to be one of those people that work at circuses that look — ‘Hey, I can guess your weight,' to know that Donald Trump weighs a hell of a lot more than 239 pounds. That was embarrassing. But then, Willie, the (topper) of it all, the piece de resistance, was when he said, and it sounded like Hitler's doctor, I'm sorry, ‘Hey, you know what, his genes are so good…he could live to be 200 years old.'”
He added, “Who would say that? Forget about Hitler, strike Hitler, but let's just say maybe Putin or another autocrat's doctor coming out, to say that — a North Korean doctor actually might be a tighter fit, fearless leader's genetics are so pure and so strong, that fearless leader could live to be 200 years old.”
(h/t Mediaite)
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
With a swipe of a pen Monday, Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant signed into law a bill that prevents women from getting abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy. His state, effective immediately, now holds the distinction of having the earliest abortion ban in the nation.
“I was proud to sign House Bill 1510 this afternoon. I am committed to making Mississippi the safest place in America for an unborn child, and this bill will help us achieve that goal,” Bryant tweeted Monday.
Lt. Gov. Tate Reeves echoed that sentiment Monday, tweeting “It's a great day in Mississippi” along with a picture of the signing.
Also known as the Gestational Age Act, Mississippi's new law makes exceptions only for medical emergencies or cases in which there's a “severe fetal abnormality.” There are no exceptions for incidents of rape or incest.
The law also puts physicians on notice. Doctors who perform abortions after 15 weeks will be required to submit reports detailing the circumstances. If they knowingly violate the law, their medical licenses will be suspended or revoked in Mississippi. If they falsify records, they will face civil penalties or be forced to pay fines of up to $500.
The measure is just one in a string of efforts to diminish access to abortions in Mississippi, critics say.
“Abortion is a safe medical procedure and it is a critical part of the broad spectrum of reproductive health care that a woman may use in her lifetime,” said Felicia Brown-Williams, Mississippi state director for Planned Parenthood Southeast Advocates, in a statement. “This ban is not only unconstitutional — it endangers women's health care across our state. If legislators truly cared about women's health, they would be focused on ways to improve access to health care for women, not restrict it.”
Access to abortions in Mississippi was already highly restrictive.
It is among a small handful of states that has one remaining clinic: in this case, Jackson Women's Health Organization. Although Mississippi is among the states with a 20-week ban, up until the enactment of this latest bill, the cutoff time for abortions at the Jackson clinic was 16 weeks. And since hospitals won't perform abortions, the resulting one-week change brought on by this new law is “arbitrary,” based on “capricious whim” and a way to “feed political meat” to a political base, said Dr. Willie Parker, board chairman of Physicians for Reproductive Health.
Mississippi is the only state in the country that requires physicians who perform abortions to be board-certified or board-eligible obstetrician-gynecologists, a fact that's being challenged in court as unconstitutional by the Center for Reproductive Rights. Parker, an OB/GYN, explained that he could be trained in a plastic surgical procedure and be free to perform that procedure in Mississippi, even though he's not a board-certified plastic surgeon. But a family physician, a surgeon or an internist trained to perform abortions isn't given the same leeway.
Mississippi also requires in-person counseling and a 24-hour waiting period before receiving an abortion, which means women must make repeat trips to the facility — a fact that's especially burdensome for those living outside Jackson. Health plans under the Affordable Care Act, insurance policies for public employees and public funding for abortions can be applied only in cases of rape, incest, fetal impairment or when a life is endangered, according to the Guttmacher Institute.
About 2,000 women a year in Mississippi receive abortions, Parker said. The vast majority, 88%, receive them in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy. So by 15 weeks, he estimates, 200 women in Mississippi who should have access to an abortion no longer will.
For women living in poverty who need time to gather resources to pay for an abortion and for those outside Jackson who need to find ways to cover additional expenses associated with travel, House Bill 1510 will close the door to a procedure that's been a legal right for women since the passage of Roe v. Wade in 1973.
Proponents of the bill, like Mississippi State Rep. Dan Eubanks, argue that this law will do what's best for women.
“Beyond the obvious debate of trying to save the lives of innocent babies, there is the often less discussed issues that relates to the health of the mother who receives an abortion,” Eubanks wrote in an email. “When did looking out for the life, health and overall wellbeing of a child or its mother start getting labeled as extreme in this country?”
Eubanks says that the longer a woman carries a child in her womb, “the greater the potential she will suffer from psychological, emotional, and physical damages as an outcome,” though that contention is generally disputed by those who advocate for safe access to abortions.
The new Mississippi law is expected to be challenged in court.
The Center for Reproductive Rights points out that similar efforts in other states — Arizona, North Dakota and Arkansas — were shot down on constitutional grounds. And the advocacy group expects that this bill to ban “pre-viability abortion” will similarly be stopped.
“Mississippi politicians' flagrant assault on reproductive rights will not go unchallenged,” said Lourdes Rivera, senior vice president of US programs at the Center for Reproductive Rights, in a written statement. “This bill is dangerous and unconstitutional. The Center is prepared to answer any attempt to undermine 40 years of Supreme Court precedent with the full force of the law.”
