A drug smuggler who used air hostesses to bring millions of pounds of cocaine to Bristol is still being pursued for his profits – 10 years on.
Clifton Rochester was ordered to hand over more than £1million of criminal assets after being jailed for 14 years in 2005 for heading up a drugs operation.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) said on Monday, August 14, it was still looking to “claw back the cash”.
Rochester was head of a crime gang which was estimated to have imported almost £50million worth of cocaine from Jamaica to the UK using air hostesses as couriers. Tens of millions of pounds worth of Class A drugs were dealt in Bristol where Rochester admitted conspiracy to import and supply cocaine, deception and money laundering offences.
The 47-year-old of Greenford, Middlesex, was ordered in 2007 to forfeit his profits with the promise his future finances would be under surveillances.
Bristol Crown Court gave Rochester two years to pay £1,000,003 - or face up to six and a half years more in prison.
In September 2010 the confiscation figure was reduced to £629,908. He has paid a total of £325,629 leaving an outstanding balance of £425,834. In 2014 he was sentenced to serve a default 821 days because of failure to pay in full.
The NCA is now appealing for help to trace Rochester's assets under Operation Repay – an agency drive to take back criminals' gains.
Nigel Kirby, deputy director of Economic Crime Command, said: “It has been 10 years and we will not give up on getting the full sum back from Rochester.
“We have far-reaching legal powers to take action and confiscate assets, so if anyone can identify how he has used or invested his dirty money, we would urge them to get in touch with us.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tanning salon owners have agreed to meet with homeless charity to discuss options for keeping the homeless sprinklers switched off.
Consol tanning salon drew heavy criticism from national media and homelessness campaigners following a story in the Bristol Post this week on the salon's use of ‘anti-homeless sprinklers' to deter rough sleepers outside their shop.
The sprinklers drip water constantly overnight, with bosses saying they installed them after homeless people left vomit and faeces outside the shop and threatened staff.
The news drew criticism and threats of picket lines and protests outside the shop from activists.
(Image: Acorn)
Today (Friday, February 2) community union Acorn cancelled a planned picket event due to be held outside the salon tomorrow (Saturday, February 3).
Acorn organiser Nick Ballard said: “We're reasonable people and in exchange for Consol agreeing to meet with Help Bristol's Homeless to explore more constructive options and for keeping the sprinklers off in the meantime we've called off tomorrow's picket.”
Meanwhile Jasper Thompson of Help Bristol's Homeless confirmed the group is due to meet with Consol.
He said: “At least they're making an effort."
Jasper said he had reservations about Consol's claims about homeless people sleeping and defecating outside the shop on numerous occasions.
“I hope we can get to the root of what actually happened and on how many occasions.
“We go out to that area and we can say to the guys, let's keep this bit clean.
Jasper said Consol needed to develop an alternative to the sprinklers and he was happy to talk through ideas with them.
“It's barbaric, in 2018 they shouldn't be using such a draconian measure of deterring them from using that space.”
Jasper said he didn't feel there was a need for protests outside the salon, saying: “Consultation is always best, isn't it?”
The Bristol Post contacted Consol for a comment but they told us: “We feel you have completely misrepresented us and so will not be issuing any further comments now or in the future.”
RIO GRANDE, Ohio — The River Valley swim team claimed first place in six events on Friday in Gallia County, in the team's home invitational.
The lone first place relay team for the hosts was the girls 400-meter freestyle team. The Lady Raiders had teams take second and eighth in the 200m freestyle relay, while the Silver and Black were sixth in 200m medley.
RVHS senior Alyssa Lollathin placed first in both the 100m freestyle and in the 200m freestyle to lead the Lady Raiders. Also in the 200m freestyle, Maddee Tabor claimed eighth, while Julia Nutter (ninth), Tabor (12th) and Alyssa Bennett (13th) also competed in the 100m freestyle.
The Lady Raiders' other first place finish came from sophomore Elisabeth Moffett in the 50m freestyle, an event in which Jenna Burke was fourth, Alyssa Bennett was 15th and Bailey Bennett was 19th. Moffett also earned a second place finish in the 100m breaststroke, with Nutter claiming sixth in the race.
RVHS senior Kenzie Baker was second in the 100m butterfly and fourth in the 200m individual medley, with Rankin placing seventh in the 100m butterfly. In the 100m backstroke, Jenna Burke was third, while Natosha Rankin was ninth and Bailey Bennett was 12th.
The River Valley boys had relay teams finish third and sixth in the 200m medley, third in the 400m freestyle and fifth in the 200m freestyle.
RVHS sophomore Ethan Cline earned both of the Raiders first place finishes, winning the 400m freestyle and the 200m freestyle, with Wyatt Bragg (8th) and Chase Johnson (11th) also competing in the 200m freestyle. Bragg earned a fifth place finish in the 100m butterfly for the Silver and Black.
The Raiders' lone runner-up was George Rickett in the 100m backstroke, while Ryan Lollathin was sixth and Noah Meerwinck was seventh. Rickett earned a fourth place finish in the 200m individual medley for RVHS, while in the 100m breaststroke, Will Edgar was fourth and Ian Eblin placed ninth.
In the 50m freestyle, Cole Franklin was fourth, Ryan Lollathin took 14th, Eblin placed 18th and Ethan Browning took 20th. Competing in the 100m freestyle for the Raiders were Franklin (sixth), Edgar (seventh), Browning (13th), Meerwinck (15th) and Johnson (21st).
River Valley will swim again on Dec. 23 at the Huntington Invitational.
By Alex Hawley ahawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Mr. William Adams, a scientist with the Navy Center for Applied Research in Artificial Intelligence, Washington, D.C., takes notes on the inbound freight processing procedures used by the 436th Aerial Port Squadron truck dock personnel Feb. 7, 2017, at Dover Air Force Base, Del. Williams was part of an Air Mobility Command military and civilian study team that observed many facets of the Super Port during their four-day visit. (U.S. Air Force photo by Roland Balik)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.07.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 08:26 Photo ID: 3167001 VIRIN: 170207-F-BO262-1020 Resolution: 2832x4256 Size: 3.93 MB Location: DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, DE, US Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, AMC paves ground for Aerial Port of the Future [Image 1 of 9], by Roland Balik, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Songs We Love: Retirement Party, 'Passion Fruit Tea'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sarah Beidatsch/Courtesy of the artist Sarah Beidatsch/Courtesy of the artist
Emo has plenty of genre-wide classics, the kind of songs that, while never actually topping the charts, have become inescapable within that scene. And while it's a fairly crowded field, one listen to "Passion Fruit Tea" proves that Retirement Party deserve a place in the canon.
Taken from the Chicago band's debut album Somewhat Literate, which follows the self-released Strictly Speaking EP, "Passion Fruit Tea" sees vocalist-guitarist Avery Springer waking up only to realize that she's unwittingly entered adulthood, and that she doesn't know exactly what that means. It's a common trope, but instead of prostrating herself, she uses the song as a means of embracing her worth, taking stock of the things she has and opting to appreciate them fully — even if it's just a perfectly steeped batch of tea.
"Passion Fruit Tea" bubbles with big, pop-punk hooks — the kind that recall Modern Baseball at its best — but they're buoyed by nimble solos courtesy of Springer and guitarist Nick Cartwright. Instead of the overly intricate, borderline math-rock displays that permeated so much of the emo revival, Retirement Party's solos feel rooted in classic rock, the kind that re-frame the vocal melody before building up to a final note bent cathartically toward the sky.
In essence, Retirement Party offer up a song that invites both introspection and self-deprecation. "Owe me, owe me, everybody owes me," Springer sings at the top of each chorus, tongue firmly in cheek. It's part acknowledgement of the reflexive doubt that so many musicians feel about sharing their unvarnished thoughts in song, but also a way to push back against the myopia of it all. Much like adulthood itself, "Passion Fruit Tea" embraces these dichotomies, proving that just because you've started taking yourself seriously doesn't mean that you can't have a little fun with it.
Somewhat Literate is out May 25 on Counterintuitive Records.
Nikki Haley Says 'We Should All Be Willing To Listen' To Trump Accusers
Enlarge this image toggle caption Drew Angerer/Getty Images Drew Angerer/Getty Images
Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the U.N., said on Sunday that women who have accused President Trump of sexual harassment and assault "should be heard."
More than a dozen women came forward during the 2016 campaign with allegations of unwanted touching or kissing, or other forms of sexual harassment.
Haley addressed the allegations on CBS' Face the Nation, after discussing North Korea's missile tests and the plan to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem.
Haley told host John Dickerson that women who feel that they were harassed by Trump have "every right to speak up," and "we should all be willing to listen to them."
Asked by a reporter if the "official White House position" is that "all of those women are lying," press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said during an October briefing, "Yeah, we've been clear on that since the beginning."
Sunday's remarks by Haley, the former South Carolina governor whom Trump nominated for her current post, were a sharp deviation from that approach.
During the campaign, Trump called the allegations fabricated, false and "outright lies." More recently, he's described them as "fake news."
At the 5:15 mark in the video, Dickerson asks Haley about the recent developments in politics and the culture as a whole, with powerful men (including senior news managers at NPR) losing their jobs over sexual harassment allegations.
"What do you think of this cultural moment that's happening?" Dickerson asked.
"I'm incredibly proud of the women who have come forward, I'm proud of their strength, I'm proud of their courage," she said. "I think it will start to bring a conscience to the situation not just in politics but ... in Hollywood and every industry, and I think the time has come."
"Given that consciousness," Dickerson asked, "how do you think people should assess the accusers of the president?"
Haley answered promptly.
"Well, I mean, you know, the same thing. Women who accuse anyone should be heard. They should be heard and they should be dealt with. And I think we heard them prior to the election and I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way they have every right to speak up."
Asked if the election settled the question, Haley said, "That's for the people to decide. I know that he was elected but women should always feel comfortable coming forward and we should all be willing to listen to them."
As NPR's Danielle Kurtzleben has reported, several of the allegations against Trump align with boasts that he has made on tape. Trump said, on the infamous Access Hollywood video, "I just start kissing them ... I don't even wait." Multiple women accuse Trump of kissing them on the lips without permission.
In the same video, Trump said "when you're a star" you can "grab [women] by the p——. You can do anything." Multiple women accuse Trump of reaching up their skirts and touching their crotches.
In an interview with Howard Stern in 2005, Trump said he would go backstage at pageants he owned while "everyone's getting dressed ... they're standing there with no clothes." Multiple former pageant contestants say that Trump would enter dressing rooms unannounced, while some women were nude or partially nude.
Trump, either personally or through a spokesperson, has denied every report of sexual misconduct.
Union minister Prakash Javadekar (right) and Karnataka BJP chief B.S. Yeddyurappa try to pacify the supporters of the latter's son B.Y. Vijayendra, who failed to get a ticket for the assembly polls, in Mysuru on Tuesday. Photo: PTI
Bengaluru: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Tuesday named B. Sriramulu, a close aide of mining barons, the Reddy brothers, as its candidate from Badami assembly constituency to take on Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah, inviting sharp comments from the Congress.
Sriramulu filed his nomination from the North Karnataka constituency with just about an hour left for close of nominations. Like Siddaramaiah, he too is set to contest two seats in the 12 May assembly polls.
Political parties scrambled to name candidates on Tuesday, the last day of nominations. Siddaramaiah also filed his nomination from Badami, a seat he was asked to contest at the insistence of his party's high command, on Tuesday.
The BJP decided to field Sriramulu from two seats, Molakalmuru and Badami, while it reached an arrangement with the Janata Dal (Secular) to take on Siddaramaiah in his second constituency, Chamundeshwari.
The BJP, considered the main opposition to the Congress' bid for a second consecutive term in office, has been scrambling for candidates in many constituencies. While a large number of voters in Badami are Valmikis, a Scheduled Tribe, the Congress is banking on support from the Kuruba community, who too make up a sizeable percentage of voters.
“They (BJP) want to make it a tough fight for Siddaramaiah and confine him to campaigning in these two seats,” A. Narayana, political analyst and faculty at the Azim Premji University, said. The Congress was banking on Siddaramaiah to mobilize support across the state, he added.
The BJP's decision to field Sriramulu drew sharp criticism from the Congress party, which alleged that Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led BJP was the “benefactor, protector, defender” of the “Ballari gang”—a reference to the border district where the Reddy brothers are alleged to have been involved in illegal iron ore mining.
“Would PM and BJP president explain this sinister conspiracy to put a lid on loot of public money and plundering of natural resources as also the reason for giving 8 BJP tickets to ‘Reddy brothers and associates,” Randeep Singh Surjewala, spokesperson for the Congress, said in a statement.
Chimmanakatti Balappa Bhimappa of the Congress won by a margin of 15,113 votes in 2013 from Badami. However, the BJP had held the seat for two consecutive terms from 2004-2013.
The BJP also named eight other candidates, some replacements, for the polls.
The Congress also witnessed high drama within its ranks as M.H. Ambareesh, a popular Kannada actor and the party's incumbent legislator from Mandya, decided to opt out of the race, prompting the party to give the ticket to Ganiga Ravi Kumar.
Incumbent cabinet minister and senior Congress leader M.R. Seetharam also decided against contesting this year's polls. Ambareesh and Seetharam had figured in the Congress party's first list.
The BJP named T. Basavaraj as its candidate from Varuna, Siddaramaiah's constituency for two terms from 2008-2013. Basavaraj was named after BJP state president B.S. Yeddyurappa announced that his second son B.Y. Vijayendra will not be contesting from the constituency against Yathindra Siddaramaiah, the chief minister's son. Angry supporters attacked BJP offices in Mysuru on Tuesday over the decision not to field Vijayendra.
The state election commission will scrutinize all nominations on Wednesday.
Classically trained flutist Holly Hofmann was influenced by her father, a fine jazz guitarist. At age five, she chose the flute because she could carry it to play music with him. Hofmann has taken the flute from the orchestra to the jazz stand, making her mark with a bluesy style all her own. In this session from 2002, bassist Darek Oles joins Hofmann and host Marian McPartland to perform a set including "You and the Night and the Music" and "Bohemia After Dark."
Originally broadcast in the spring of 2002.
SET LIST
LEONBERG, Germany — February 7, 2017 — As one of the leading producers of finishing and thermal treatment lines for the nonwovens and textile industry, BRÜCKNER considers its participation in the INDEX trade fair in Geneva as absolutely obligatory. On booth no. 1580 in hall 1 the visitors have the opportunity to inform themselves from April 4-7, 2017, extensively about new products and technologies.
In the nonwovens sector the Brückner portfolio comprises all types of application systems, thermal treatment lines, dryers as well as cutting and batching units. On the occasion of this year's INDEX trade fair in Geneva Brückner wants to present their customers and prospective clients the new developments and improvements in the field of belt dryers, a type of dryer which gained compared to conventional drum dryers more and more acceptance in the last years.
The design of the high-performance dryer SUPRA-FLOW BH, which had been particularly developed for the air-through drying of light hydroentangled nonwovens, has been optimized. This type of dryer is characterized by its particularly high evaporation capacity, a high energy efficiency, the gentle material transport and an excellent drying homogeneity. It is thus clearly more than an alternative for the use of an air-through drum dryer and offers many benefits for the user.
Another new development is the SUPRA-FLOW BE-ADL belt dryer developed for ADL products for thermo-fusion of card nonwovens. In the design of this dryer particular attention was paid to a gentle fabric transport, a high temperature accuracy and a precise air control. The air circulation in this dryer follows also the air-through principle.
In the last decades Brückner supplied many lines and dryers for the international nonwovens industry. The final use of the nonwovens is manifold and range from the construction trade to the garment and automobile industry to medical textiles, cleaning or care articles and filter materials. Very different application systems are used for these articles, screen printing and slop-pad coaters, coating machines, flocking units, powder scattering units, spray booths or foam impregnation units or padders. Depending on the purposes Brückner offers also different dryers matching the customers' individual needs and processes. Brückner's portfolio comprises among other systems also flat dryers with one or several fabric passages, vertical dryer, cylinder dryers, drum dryers, airlaid dryers, infra-red radiation dryers, high temperature dryers and combinations thereof.
Particularly in case of lines with large working widths Brückner gained a very positive reputation in the last years. Many very large lines are in operation worldwide, the largest has a working width of more than seven meters and has been designed for the heat-setting of geo nonwovens.
If you are interested in detailed information about our products or technologies for your individual article or process the experts will advise you with pleasure on the BRÜCKNER booth and they are looking forward to meeting you.
Posted February 14, 2017
Source: Brückner
GOP Congressmen Visit Moscow, Thaw Icy Relations Before Trump-Putin Talks This July Fourth, a congressional delegation is visiting Moscow for the first time since Russia's annexation of Crimea. They're all Republicans, and their visit is a prelude to the Trump-Putin summit.
LUCKNOW: Repolling at 73 booths in Kairana Lok Sabha constituency passed off peacefully on Wednesday with an estimated voter turn out of 61 percent, the state election commission officials said here.
The Election Commission had yesterday ordered repolling at these polling stations in view of technical snags in EVM-VVPAT machines during the bye-election on Monday.
Around 80,000 voters were eligible to cast their votes at the booths where the repolling was held today.
Opposition Samajwadi Party and Rashtriya Lok Dal, as well as the ruling BJP, had complained of electronic voting machines (EVM) malfunctioning at these booths.
The repoll began at 7 am and ended at 5 pm in 23 polling stations at Nakur, 44 in Gangoh and one station at Thana Bhawan in Saharanpur and five in Shamli.
On Monday, 54 percent polling was recorded in Kairana seat, which fell vacant following the death of BJP MP Hukum Singh, whose daughter Mriganka Singh is the saffron party candidate in the bypoll.
Mriganka Singh is contesting against Rashtriya Lok Dal's Tabassum Hasan, who is also supported by the Congress, Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party. Counting of votes will take place tomorrow.
The resignation of seven members of the board of trustees at the DuSable Museum, including Chance the Rapper, recently raised questions.
Seven trustees, representing one-third of the museum's board, recently resigned, including Eric Whitaker, Wilbur Milhouse III, Kimberly McCullough-Starks, Michael Gibson, Chance the Rapper and his father, Ken Bennett, and the board's chair Joyce Johnson-Miller.
Chance the Rapper tweeted that he resigned because his schedule was too busy and he couldn't make meetings. The Defender was unable to reach any other board members at press time to find out their reasons for resigning.
The DuSable Museum issued the following statement:
We are grateful to all of our Du Sable trustees, those remaining on the board and those who are departing…[we] thank them for their dedication and service to this great institution, and have been assured of their continued support of the mission of Du Sable Museum. That mission – to educate all people through African American history, art and culture — is more important than ever before, and we are in a climate of change and transformation. We will take this opportunity to continue to build our board, a process that's already underway, and we're excited about the changes to come. Founded by Dr. Margaret Burroughs in 1961, the Du Sable Museum of African American History is the nation's oldest independent black museum, a Smithsonian Institution Affiliate since 2016, and an icon not only for our African-American community but all of Chicago. We are a recognized institutional leader and a major component of the renaissance of Chicago's South Side. Most nonprofits, especially arts and culture organizations, are struggling to raise funds and we are no different. We are driving forward and focusing our efforts, building upon our amazing recent accomplishments and successes, and moving steadfastly towards the future.”
Also On The Chicago Defender:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Barcelona great Andres Iniesta has been given an unprecedented apology from France Football having never been awarded the prestigious Ballon d'Or.
The glittering individual award has eluded the Spain magician despite a legendary career with the Blaugrana and Spanish national team - including four Champions League titles, Euro 2008 and 2012, and the 2010 World Cup.
Speculation has been rife that Iniesta will make a grand exit this summer after 22 years at the Nou Camp, which has led to the game paying tribute to his legacy in Catalonia.
"Perdon Andres" (forgive us Andres) read a piece in the French football magazine, penned by editor Pascal Ferre, in which he describes the omission as a "democratic anomaly."
"What follows are not quite an editorial. it was all agreed on (by France Football) a while ago to avoid any misunderstanding. This is an act of homage," read the apology (h/t Who Ate All The Pies ).
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP PHOTO / LLUIS GENELLUIS GENE/AFP/Getty Images)
(Image: AFP)
"For us, (Iniesta) wasn't just a player, he was the player.
"His generosity, team play and altruism has certainly deprived him of an even more majestic recognition (the Ballon d'Or).
"He has proven that the brain is definitely the most important thing when it comes to being a champion.
"Iniesta is one of the great absences when it comes to Ballon D'or winners. This is painful to us.
"We can only hope that a divine performance at the World Cup helps us to repair this democratic anomaly."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
McDonald's hits the spot on so many occasions, whether you are in search of a mammoth milkshake or a double cheeseburger, but there is one thing missing accompanying your fries – mayo.
The chain will give you ketchup, mustard, and a variety of other dips – but one condiment is absent from Maccy's offering.
For years, McDonald's fans have moaned about the lack of mayonnaise, Birmingham Mail reports .
(Image: Steve Parsons/PA Wire)
"Why no mayo?" they rage on social media, furiously venting their condiment-related woes.
Well, Cosmopolitan have asked the fast-food giant the reason behind its alleged hatred of the white stuff.
McDonald's, remarkably, claims there is not enough "demand" for the delicious dressing – outrageous, we know.
A spokesperson said: "What we offer in our restaurants is based on customer demand.
"We don't currently have any plans for mayonnaise to be made available."
It comes after it emerged you can enjoy the most romantic day of the year at the fast food giant.
(Image: Getty)
Maccy's is playing Cupid this year by inviting couples to have a romantic night at some of its restaurants.
Revealing all on Facebook, McDonald's posted: "Book a table for you and your loved one this McValentine's Day right here, we are going all out providing the most romantic dining experience in history.
"We are offering 3 courses of McValentine's perfection for £20 per couple."
Christopher Plummer Nominated For Golden Globe After Replacing Kevin Spacey The 75th Golden Globe nominations were announced on Monday. Among the nominees is actor Christopher Plummer, for his role replacing Kevin Spacey in All the Money in the World, after Spacey faced allegations of sexual misconduct.
Aldi has recalled one of its food products owing to worries that it may be contaminated with small pieces of hard plastic.
The Rooster's Southern Fried Poppin' Chicken, which comes in 210g packs, may present a safety risk due to the presence of the plastic, which the supermarket giant says affects no other products,
The product in question
The items in question have lot number 1010170, and the Product Code are 45004 and 75744.
Anyone having purchased one of the products should not eat it, instead returning it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.
/
When all the most successful people in your chosen field are gathered, get yourself the room however you can and then act like you belong.
April 24, 2018 9 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
Despite having been fully invested in the beverage game for north of three years with DrinkTru, I couldn't help but still feel like a rookie in the league. Needing big milestones to venture toward, like Dorothy in her search of Oz I set out for the famous Natural Product's Expo West to find my answers.
Anyone in the world of food and drink will tell you that this event is the place you need to be to snag that first big-league retailer or partner with the national distributor who has been ignoring your cold calls for months. This event is where the stars align for three days in Anaheim, Calif. With potential investors within reach, I put my JetBlue and Marriott points on the line and grabbed a one-way ticket to LAX. Like a struggling actor heading west to Hollywood hoping to strike gold with his first big role, I was excited to level up in the industry. After six hours in the air and gobbling more than my fair share of free in-flight snacks, we hit the tarmac and I headed for the big show.
Related: Unlike Many Things That Are a Lot of Work, Trade Shows Are Worth It
I decided to walk the floor instead of bankrupting our company, what with a booth starting at a price-gouging level $5k. I figured we could get some serious value by scoping out our competitors from the cheap seats. After unsuccessfully trying to gain entree as a member of the press by writing an article like this (my Glengarry Glen Ross impression fell on deaf ears) I paid a whomping $860 for a ticket. A seat in the Red Sox dugout during a pennant race would cost less, but over the next 72 hours I recouped at least half the cost by gorging on samples from the likes of Protes Chips and Alpen Dough Cookies.
Long story short, the check engine light on my beat up old Camry is going to be ignored for a few more months.
Since my primary goal was to network with as many people as possible, I headed to the most logical place: the bar. Just as I suspected, most of the decision makers and entrepreneurs were socially lubricating with a few Moscow Mules, engaging in genuine conversations and swapping stories of legendary shenanigans from the past years. I buried myself deeper in credit card debt purchasing rounds for the sake of “networking.”
The following morning I discovered the event was worth the price of the golden ticket to get in. After handing over multiple forms of identification to pass through layers of security I was finally allowed into the Fort Knox of the world's most valuable collection of food and beverages. Veteran goers tried and failed to depict the magnitude of the operation: 3,300 companies under one roof battling for the attention of a handful of retailers. It was like going to a party with a 2,999 of your buddies and each of you is asking the same girl out.
Related: 4 Ways to Get Noticed at a Crowded Trade Show
Upon entering through the golden gates, I immediately felt a rush of excitement and anxiety. Hopeful entrepreneurs were hawking product like street vendors in Times Square. It was as though the 1.6M sq. ft. Anaheim Convention Center had temporarily seceded from the USA to form its own nation state populated with CPG enthusiasts bartering food. The competition for buyers and attention was fierce.
Each table had its own character. Some went with the noisy neighbor approach with blaring music. Others took the peacock approach, utilizing giant jumbotrons, dancing mascots and neon lights to let people know the bar was open. The distinctions between economic classes were clear. The big boys like Naked Brands boasted monstrous McMansions in the form of customized booths that rose floor to ceiling with meeting rooms on the second floor where dealmakers could escape the sea of people flooding the floor. The comfortable middle class boasted huge teams of ambassadors but lacked sky views or grandeur.
The people I admired most were the bootstrappers who put their mortgages and life savings on the line. These dreamers went all-in. Unlike the household brands represented by highly paid execs and rented fitness models, they bought a 10X10 booth and represented themselves. Many of these entrepreneurs flew in early to build their own displays and stayed after everyone else was gone to break it down. They smuggled in samples with travel bags from their hotel room rather than pay exorbitant fees to have new samples delivered to their booth. Founders told me this dictatorship handed out floor penalties freely and taxed small companies heavily by charging for everything from internet and electricity to trash and sample delivery.
Related: 7 Ways to Get the Most Out of Exhibiting at a Trade Show
On the flip side, the floor itself was a utopia of food and beverage. You could browse from one favorite cuisine to the next with only a few strides. Founders told the unique stories of what inspired them to build something from scratch, despite the tremendous odds stacked against them, while serving samples of dishes enjoyed around the world. I met a firefighter who retired after being injured during service. He decided to take his seasoned almond recipe, a firehouse favorite, to the masses.
It was like walking down my local supermarket aisle, except instead of reading the brand's story on the box I heard it directly from the founders. There were young brands, old brands, rebrands. There were small startups and billion-dollar giants. Brands had come from all over the world representing everything from the best of cold brew coffee and kombucha to packaging companies and prenatal vitamins.
Expo West is high school all over again. Although there is certainly value in attending the nightly events put on by the show, the deals are made at the exclusive extravagant parties held by VCs at nearby venues like the House of Blues and Morton's Steak House. Though I felt like the nerd at sleepover camp, I made it my life's goal to meet the popular kids during my walk around the floor.
Related: The Role of Trade Shows and Exhibitions on Promotion of Trade
After five hours of trekking the floor like it was the Appalachian Trail, I hadn't come close seeing everything. My body begged to be horizontal. It was time to rest and recover so later I could dress in my Sunday best and put on my dancing shoes. Having made some great connections and reignited old friendships, I had solved Expo West's dating game and secured dinner plans with some veterans from around the industry. Though the grind appears to take place from 10 am to 4 pm, while the convention floor is open, the real work is done at night.
I was easily the lowest person on the totem pole at the table with several founders who had raised seven figures. Each of these guys had a Rolodex that could change the game for any brand, but, to my surprise, they could not have been more welcoming. A formulation expert at the table shared his secrets on natural preservatives while brokers described upcoming trends in ingredients like nootropics. Regardless of our backgrounds or past lives, we were all united by an obsessive passion for beverages.
Unlike most business ecosystems, where valuable information warrants a tremendous price, the food world is a pay-it-forward society. Reaching out to fellow founders is smarter than hiring a pricy beverage advisory firm of self-proclaimed experts. I have learned more talking to beverage entrepreneurs in the trenches with me than I ever expect to by putting a firm on some crazy retainer so that they can pump my tires and waste my time with hypotheticals.
After a dinner of pad thai paired with a whiskey well, we all jumped into an Uber for a little shindig in the city. The liquid courage served me well for an evening of rubbing shoulders with execs from some of the biggest players in distribution and venture capital. I was pleasantly surprised by everyone's willingness to lend an ear, share data and help a young entrepreneur forward. It takes a village to raise an entrepreneur. Although everyone in the room was striving to become the next darling to make a Cinderella exit like Vitamin Water, Bai or RXBar, the industry really does have a team mentality.
After an eye-opening night, I hit the feathers and awoke to the realization that people who win in this game are not the smartest, the fastest or even the most innovative. The truth, unlike all the clichés that "experts" constantly regurgitate, is that the people who win are idealistic and often illogical. They are blinded to barriers by deep love of their brand. It is more than passion, perseverance and grit. It is probably more aligned with crazy.
The rush of starting a business in this industry is addictive. Days off resemble a hangover. You only see possibilities when others think you have no way forward. Regardless of the countless rejections, you sense a tipping point around the corner. These entrepreneurs are another breed.
Although Natural Product's Expo West boasts a Hall of Fame lin up of keynote speakers, the biggest brands in the game and the young guns of the future, the real reason people attend is much deeper. At the end of the day, we are all outcasts taking an unfamiliar career path that transitioned into a lifestyle and eventually evolved into an obsession. We each said, “Screw it” and jumped in with limited experience and even less knowledge. We are gambling masochists, like colliers heading for the mines of the west in hopes of striking gold. We will cross the country to pay a premium price for a ticket so we can feel normal for three days a year. As the gym-dwelling founder of a bootstrapped shot company, these are my people. For three days, I felt at home. See you next year.
Karl Robinson seemed to drop a hint about Milton Keynes midfielder Samir Carruthers joining Charlton after the 23-year-old was left out of their squad to face Chesterfield today.
The official Milton Keynes Twitter account confirmed the former Republic of Ireland U21 international had not been involved due to “discussions with an unnamed club over a potential transfer.”
When asked about the Buckinghamshire club leaving out a player, Robinson immediately asked if it was Carruthers.
“Was Samir left out today?” he said. “I didn't know anything about that. There was speculation we've been interested. I didn't know he had been left out but I have got an idea what for.”
When told that the player had also been linked with Ipswich, Robinson replied, “We'll see. Its well documented that I think Samir is one of the best midfield players in the league but I've got Joe Aribo and Ezri Konsa who are born and bred Charlton.”
It has also been suggested that Robinson may try and raid his former club for Ben Reeves. The Charlton manager admitted he'd be willing to bring both players to The Valley.
“They're two talented kids,” he admitted.
“If they're available would I be interested? Yes. But they're not my players and I don't think they're available. But, we'll see.”
The Liverpudlian said that he hoped to complete some business early in the window, with Jake Forster-Caskey set to join from Brighton.
“We're looking to try and get something done sooner rather than later but we can't put a timeline on it,” explained Robinson.
“I think we still need to improve in some areas. The important thing today was that I didn't shoehorn, but I made some brave decisions, which people may or may not have agreed with. I'm not going to put players in positions that are not their natural position.
“I think I have to prove to the owner that the players are going to drive us forward. I wanted two midfield players and I know I'm going to now get a phone call – where are them two going to play? We need natural wingers who are exciting to get us off our seats. We need a support mechanism for Josh [Magennis], I know Lee [Novak] has been injured a lot. Maybe I'll have to get some more players out as well to bring in the right type of players to drive us forward.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Scores of people may have been wrongly charged for care by North Somerset Council.
The authority is reviewing around 60 cases after a report found a man should not have been forced to pay £722.40 for care when he was recovering from an amputation.
North Somerset Council was rapped by the local government and social care ombudsman after the man's family brought a complaint against the authority.
Councils cannot charge people for the first six weeks of intermediate care, which is when the person has plans to go home and will not be in a home permanently.
But the council claimed the support they gave the man was not intermediate care but ‘enablement' care, and charged the family.
They have now apologised to the amputee and agreed to reduce the rest of the money the family owe because of the “distress” caused, the ombudsman said.
Tuesday's report said others may also have wrongly paid for care and the council has now confirmed “approximately 60 cases meet the ombudsman recommendation over the last three years”.
Local government and social care ombudsman, Michael King, said: “Simply referring to intermediate care by another name does not allow the council to charge for it. Intermediate care, where people are receiving support with the intention of returning home, cannot be charged in this initial period.
“I am pleased the council has agreed to apologise to the family and pay them the remedy we have recommended. However, it now needs to identify and repay any others who may have been incorrectly charged for the care they have received.”
The investigation found the council had confusing and conflicting information on its website and in leaflets about its enablement service. It also criticised the council for the way the care home sent an incorrect invoice to the family for the care received.
The council has agreed to review its adult social care charging policy to make sure it is compliant with the Care Act.
A spokesman for North Somerset Council said: “The council recognises the findings of the ombudsman report and is in the process of implementing all the recommendations within agreed timescales. We have already refunded the family and apologised for any faults identified in the report.
“The council's enablement service is highly regarded and has been commended by previous Local Government Association (LGA) and Association of Director of Adult Social Services (ADASS) Peer Review Processes and NHS England."
The spokesman said the groups had highlighted the lengths the council went to to make sure people avoided long-term permanent care placements.
He added: “In responding to the ombudsman findings, and moving forward, we are seeking a response from our clinical commissioning group with regard to the lack of intermediate care residential provision in North Somerset which is vital when people leave hospital.”
The local government and social care ombudsman's role is to remedy injustice and share learning from investigations to help improve public, and adult social care, services.
© Jaafar Ashtiyeh/Agence France-Presse
The United States won't stick to the two-state solution of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, if the plan doesn't bear fruit, the White House announced on Tuesday.The United States will not insist on the two-state solution to settle the conflict between Israel and Palestine, the statement reads."A two-state solution that doesn't bring peace is not our goal that anybody wants to achieve, the official said. "Peace is the goal, whether it comes in the form of a two-state solution if that's what the parties want or something else, if that's what the parties want, we're going to help them," the statement said on Tuesday quoting a senior White House official.The concept of a two-state solution to the ongoing conflict between Israelis and Palestinians stipulates creation of "two states for two groups of people." It has long been viewed by the international community as the only realistic way to end the conflict.The boundary between the two states is still subject to dispute and negotiation, with Palestinian and Arab leadership insisting on the "1967 borders," which is not acceptable to Israel.Some experts suggest that any idea that this solution is viable is just a western misinterpretation of how to solve this conflict.Moreover, Israel's settlement expansion into the Palestinian territories hamper the realization of the plan.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nikita and Che are fighting for relationship survival in new reality show Make Or Break .
They are one of eight couples who have headed off to a Mexican tropical paradise to see if their relationship is worth fighting for.
They will then decide if they are with 'The One' in the final of Channel 5's TV show.
Is what they have worth fighting for? Here's what the couple have to say:
NIKITA, 28, NEWCASTLE
(Image: Ray Burmiston/Channel 5)
Stripper
Nikita and Che have been together for nearly 2 years
Nikita can have a temper, which causes issues with boyfriend Che
How did you meet?
It was a bit awkward! I was on a date with somebody else, my date knew Che's friends and we caught each other's eyes. I was like, ‘Oh my God, he is unreal.' A couple of weeks later I split up with my date, Che messaged me and it went from there.
Who said I love you first?
I wanted to say it but do you know when you're trying to make somebody say it? Hint and hint. It took him three months for him to ask me to be his girlfriend. I kept saying, ‘Have you got something you want to ask me?' it took so long but he said it first.
What are Che's best points?
He is quite a laid back, chilled person. He really stuck up for me and stood by me and he was really loyal and trustworthy and I was really happy about that. You don't know until you're put in the situation, you don't know how your partner is going to react.
What issues did you want to iron out in your relationship?
It was more my own issue. I have got a bit of a temper. I am a bit angry; I get hot-headed quite easily. So it was more issues with myself to better the relationship. If I can calm down quicker or not kick off at all it would be fabulous. It is going to benefit the relationship so it was more myself than the relationship.
(Image: Publicity Picture)
What did you think when you saw where you'd be staying?
It was like heaven, it was amazing!
What was going through your mind when Paul told you what would be happening?
It was more like hell! I thought, ‘This is heaven, oh my God I am so happy', to, ‘I hate this, I am in hell!' Literally. I didn't like anything but the last day!
Did you think you'd last the distance on the show?
No, on night one I wanted to go home. I didn't like the fact that I was away from my boyfriend and he was with another girl, Abi, the prettiest girl on the show. I am not insecure but I am a girl and I am jealous. So straight away it was, ‘This is not for me I don't like it.'
And what about Louise the sex therapist?
I didn't like Louise at first, I hated her. I didn't like her when I went with Che. She was giving off a bad vibe and I always treat people the way they treat me. She wasn't being very nice about my relationship, which started the whole thing off badly. But when I met her one on one she was lovely and she ended up being one of my favourite people. She is lovely, she's so nice. But it took her breaking down my wall and getting to know me one on one to get that. She is really good.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
CHE, 21, NEWCASTLE
(Image: Ray Burmiston/Channel 5)
Engineering Apprentice
Girlfriend Nikita is a very jealous person and hates any girl making contact with Che
Can he persuade her to trust him?
Describe your partner in three words...
Gorgeous, cute and funny. It's more me laughing at her though than her trying to crack jokes.
Who said I love you first?
Nikita always used to try to get me to ask her to be my girlfriend. She used to push all the time but I said, ‘Not yet!' I think it was me who said I love you first though.
What are Nikita's best points?
Mainly that she is caring. She always considers my opinion. She wouldn't do anything that made me feel uncomfortable. She always puts me before herself.
What are Nikita's bad points?
She has got quite bad OCD. Everything is regimented, everything is set out perfectly. If she doesn't get her own way with it then she causes hell.
What issues did you want to iron out in your relationship?
We didn't feel like we had any major problems. It was more Nikita controlling the relationship. She used to tell us what we were doing and when. It was me stepping up and saying what I wanted instead of her getting away with murder all the time.
(Image: Publicity Picture)
What did you think when you saw where you'd be staying?
The location was absolutely beautiful. It looked like paradise but it turned into hell really quickly though!
What was going through your mind when Paul told you what would be happening?
It was a major shock to the system when they said you are going to spend time with other girls and boys. The shock got everyone panicking and fretting. But we looked at each other and said, ‘I trust you, you trust me so we know nothing is going to happen.'
How did you get on with the other people?
A lot of people struggled. Elle kept on going into Andy's room and kicking off because he was breathing the same air as another girl. Andy and Elle had a lot of trust issues so I felt that played on her mind a lot more than other people's minds.
Did you think you'd last the distance on the show?
I did think we would have left early. It was becoming tough especially after the first week. I slept on the floor every night so I was absolutely broken. It was challenging and there were times I thought I could just go home now!
And what about Louise the sex therapist?
I took it as a bit of a laugh to be fair. Everyone was taking it really seriously and coming out saying our relationship needs this and that but I just came out and said, ‘She's just been talking b******s for the past hour there!'
* Make Or Break starts on Channel 5 on Monday at 10pm
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There are some things which have become synonymous with the Queen.
A fearlessness when it comes to wearing bright colours, a love of horses, that handbag she always uses, an impressive jewel collection and, of course, corgis.
Corgis and the Queen go a long way back.
A young Princess Elizabeth got her first corgi at the tender age of seven.
For her eighteenth birthday in 1944, she was given a corgi named Susan - and Susan began a corgi dynasty, producing over 10 generations of royal pooch.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Sadly, the last of Susan's line - Willow - was put to sleep at Windsor Castle over a week ago.
As well as being a beloved pet, the loss of Willow is doubly devastating for the Queen, as the dog was one of the last living links to her childhood.
While the Queen still has Vulcan and Candy, her dorgis (a cross between a daschund and a corgi) and adopted pup Whisper, there will be no more corgis for her.
And the reason is certainly a sobering one.
(Image: Getty)
Having owned over 30 corgis, in 2015 the Queen announced she would not be breeding any more - because of her age and her fear of leaving any young pups behind when she dies.
It was a conversation which upset Monty Roberts, a horse whisperer who is friendly with the Queen.
Monty had urged her to breed more dogs in 2012, the Telegraph reports.
"But she didn't want to have any more young dogs," he said.
(Image: Hulton Archive)
"She didn't want to leave any young dog behind. She wanted to put an end to it."
Monty explained that the turn the conversation took had concerned" him as he did not want her to think about dying.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With her nursing job and three young daughters to look after, single mum Ingrid Lyne had been too busy for love. But two years after divorcing her ex-husband, Ingrid had decided she wanted to find love again, so signed up to internet dating. Friends encouraged her – Ingrid was a sensitive and caring person, and she certainly deserved happiness. But the man she had come across online was far from a perfect match.
Brunette Ingrid, 40, may have been petite but she had a larger than life personality. She was funny and spirited, and popular at the Swedish Medical Center where she worked in Seattle.
In 2016, Ingrid met John Charlton online. But John wasn't the type of man Ingrid's friends and family wanted for her. He was a homeless labourer, either sleeping in shelters, on the street or at an ex-girlfriend's house.
John also had a drinking problem and a criminal record that spanned six states. He had convictions for aggravated robbery, theft, larceny and assault. Even his parents had applied for a protection order against him after a violent outburst. He'd scared them by taking the serial killer film Hannibal off a shelf and then telling them to ‘beware'.
(Image: Montana Department of Corrections)
How much Ingrid really knew about John, or his past, isn't clear. Perhaps she sympathised with his situation, or maybe she was clueless about the threat he posed.
On April 8 2016, when Ingrid and John had been dating for just over a month, Ingrid's three daughters, aged 10, eight and six, went to stay with their dad, Phil Lyne. John took Ingrid out on a date to watch a Mariners baseball game and afterwards they went to a bar.
The next day, Phil went to Ingrid's home in Renton, Washington, to drop off their daughters, but her car wasn't in the driveway and there was no sign of her. Phil called Ingrid's mum, Jorga Bass, and together they went inside the house. They found her wallet, mobile and personal belongings – things Ingrid wouldn't have left behind. She certainly wouldn't have missed the return of her children unless something was wrong.
A concerned Jorga called 911 and reported her missing. Jorga and her daughter shared a phone account and she could see Ingrid had made lots of calls to a certain number. She sent a text to the number, asking if they had any information about Ingrid's disappearance.
The reply said: ‘My name is John, I thought she was with her kids today?' Jorga replied asking for more information and said she'd called 911.
John text back again.
‘911? What's going on? We went to the Mariners game last night but we didn't stay the night together because she has her kids today.'
(Image: KIRO)
Desperate friends took to social media and contacted newspapers to try and raise awareness for the missing woman. The police suspected John may have played a part in Ingrid's disappearance, and everyone hoped they could get to her in time.
John was questioned and he admitted going to the baseball game and even said he'd been back to Ingrid's house. But he insisted he'd woken up the next day on the streets in downtown Seattle, with facial injuries and cuts on his body. He said he'd been so drunk he had no memory of the end of the night or why he was there. Then detectives found Ingrid's missing Toyota Highlander close to where John had been sleeping.
Shocking discovery
Police searched Ingrid's home and made a number of disturbing discoveries. There was a 15-inch pruning saw near her bath along with an empty box of plastic rubbish bags. When they investigated down the plug hole and in the drains of the bath, they found blood and human tissue. What shocking event had gone on? All hope of finding Ingrid alive was fading.
That afternoon, 10 miles from Ingrid's home, a member of the public in Seattle discovered human body parts in his recycling bin. A head, foot, lower leg and a hand had been wrapped in bin bags matching the ones missing from Ingrid's home, discarded like trash. Over the next few days, more body parts were found in bins in two more locations across the city.
They were identified as belonging to Ingrid, although not all of her body would be found. Reports revealed that she'd been strangled and dismembered in her own bath, before being scattered across Seattle. Ingrid's loved ones were devastated and three young girls had lost their devoted mum.
(Image: Facebook)
A statement to the media from her family read: ‘This weekend, a light went out of our lives forever. Ingrid, beloved mother, daughter, sister, and friend was taken from us for reasons we still cannot comprehend. Our hearts are broken and can never be fully mended.'
John was arrested. While being questioned, he told police that he had an alcohol problem and that he was ‘not a normal person'. He was charged with Ingrid's murder and for stealing her car. While he was held on bail,
the local media discovered just what had happened to Ingrid and the community was sickened. It made headlines across the world.
In October 2017, John, 38, pleaded guilty to first-degree murder. The plea saved Ingrid's family from a gruesome and disturbing trial. But they were left with few answers about why he'd turned on the woman he was dating.
The prosecution said he'd strangled Ingrid in the early hours of April 9 in her own home. Had they got into a row? Had Ingrid tried to end things? No one knows apart from John and he refuses to talk.
‘Charlton claimed that he had been so intoxicated on Friday night that he couldn't recall how he and Lyne returned to her residence after the Mariners game, or what transpired when they got there,' court documents stated.
‘He said he believed they had sex, and said Lyne was acting “weird”, but could not or would not provide further details.'
John said he didn't recall how or when he'd left Ingrid's home. He assumed that she must have driven him to Seattle where he ended up sleeping on the sidewalk. Despite pleading guilty, John failed to reveal just what horror had occurred that night.
Cruel beyond belief
In January this year, John Charlton was sentenced to a minimum of 27 years and nine months in prison. The judge said it was the harshest sentence she could impose with the state's guidelines but she told John that she would lock him up for longer if she could.
‘What you did was vicious and cruel beyond anyone's belief,' she said, adding that his crime was made even worse by what he'd done to her body afterwards. ‘Nothing can soften the cruelty with which you committed this murder.'
(Image: Missing Persons of America)
Ingrid's ex-husband, Phil, who is caring for their grieving girls, said that John had stolen his daughter's ‘devoted and compassionate' mother.
‘There will be no more motherly advice from Ingrid,' he said, lamenting the end of their trips to the beach and Thursday-night dinners at a steakhouse. ‘Our daughters continue to thrive but they miss their mother every day.'
Friends spoke of their horror at the violation of Ingrid's body.
‘You killed her physical body,' one said to John. ‘Not her energy, her soul or her light. Ingrid is here, represented by those who love her.'
John spoke briefly. ‘I agree there are no words that can alleviate the pain I've caused. For that, I'm truly sorry.'
As he was taken away to start his life in prison, his crime raised questions about the safety of internet dating. For many looking for love, the greatest risk is a broken heart. For Ingrid, it was death.
Clitheroe's Moorland School are champions of England again.
The Ribble Valley School celebrated national glory after lifting the English Schools' FA PlayStation® Under 14 Boys Small Schools' Cup at Reading's Madejski Stadium.
Their emphatic success, scoring five goals without reply against London's Ibstock Place School, from Roehampton, came just days after being crowned Lancashire champions.
The ESFA final was part of the PlayStation Schools' Cup Festival, the culmination of the fifth season of the exciting grassroots partnership between PlayStation and the ESFA. 15 national football finals from Under 12-Under 15 secondary school age groups, featuring both boys' and girls' teams, took place across three days.
“I'm so chuffed for the boys, it is an unbelievable achievement to win two cups in the same week,” said Moorland School's Director of football Charlie Jackson.
“We reached the English Schools Football Association final (Small Schools' Cup) a couple of years ago, but lost on that occasion, so this was really something to savour for Moorland, winning it for the first time.
“We are only a tiny school, but for the team to turn in such an impressive and mature performance is testament to all their hard work.”
Jackson had twice previously led Moorland to national crowns in the Independent Schools Football Association Cup.
But it was one-way traffic at the Madejski Stadium, though, as Moorland cruised to victory in front of an enthusiastic crowd who had gathered at the home of the Championship club.
Man of the match Jacob Holgate led the Moorland charge with Liam Fannon, Badre Abbou and Jay Baisley also on the goal trail.
It means that the Moorland Football Academy can celebrate a sparkling double in 2018 to add to their impressive silverware haul.
The Lancashire Cup final, (Under 14) however, proved a far sterner challenge for the 2017 holders before Moorland could hold the trophy aloft again.
The final, against Bishop Rawsthorne from Croston and staged at the Lancashire Football Association HQ at Leyland, saw the sides locked together 1-1 at the end of normal time.
Adam Wharton had fired Moorland in front before half time – but Bishop Rawsthorne levelled it late on to force a gripping final into extra time and then penalties.
However, it was Moorland who held their nerve during the spot kick drama and Alfie Walker made sure, striking the winning penalty.
Moorland have forged a reputation for nurturing young talent, with former Manchester United striker John Cofie joining Burnley from the Clitheroe School, before the tall Ghanaian's switch to Old Trafford.
Joe Grayson, son of former Preston North End boss Simon, is a Moorland old boy and looks to have a big future ahead of him at Blackburn Rovers.
But it is Jackson's coaching methods that continue to attract nationwide attention.
Jackson unearthed Manchester United midfielder Scott McTominay when McTominay attended a coaching school in Preston as a five-year-old.
McTominay is now a regular in Jose Mourinho's squad and made his international debut for Scotland this year against Costa Rica.
They say opposites attract. But these days, maybe not so much.
A growing number of singles are adding a clause to their online dating profiles telling either Trump haters or Trump supporters — depending on their political preference — that they need not apply.
"This was like a dealbreaker for me," says 50-year-old Elizabeth Jagosz from the Detroit area. "If you are Trump supporter, I'm not even going to consider meeting you for coffee."
It's not just an issue of party politics, Jagosz says. It's about core values. Love, she says, cannot conquer all.
"If you don't care about a person who says you can grab women by the pussy and that's OK — I don't wanna date you if you think that behavior's OK," Jagosz says. "If that's not a dealbreaker for you, then you and I have nothing to talk about."
As another single put it in her profile, "Red hats need not apply."
But the people wearing those red hats — the ones stamped with "Make America Great Again" — have been feeling the same way.
This lack of desire from liberals and conservatives to date each other is what David Goss says prompted him to launch TrumpSingles.com.
"Yeah, it's both ways," Goss says. "You know, like a liberal doesn't want to date a Nazi. And a republican doesn't want to date, well, a whiny snowflake, and that's what they're viewing each other as."
TrumpSingles.com is a kind of safe space for Trump supporters who say they're sick of the "lefties" refusing to even give them a chance.
"[The liberals] are just repeating this left echo chamber of 'Oh, you must be a racist; oh, you must be a homophobe; oh, you must be a misogynist,' " Goss says. "They're judging the people based on who they voted for without actually getting to know them."
Helen Fisher, the chief scientific adviser to the Internet dating website Match.com, says new research from the website shows both liberals and conservatives are moving away from the center of the political spectrum.
"There's a real distinct difference that we're seeing today, and all singles are becoming more rigid in their views," she says.
The data also shows that singles are more likely now to shun those who are at the other end of the political spectrum. And liberals are more likely to spurn conservatives than the other way around.
"I think it's very natural to the human animal to bring it into the idea of 'OK, you like this person, well, you must be like that person then,' " Fisher says. "America is taking this very, very personally. No question about it."
Looking back now, it seems almost unfathomable that even two opposing campaign advisers could cross the aisle and then actually walk down the aisle as James Carville and Mary Matalin did in 1993.
As Carville famously put it once, "You can love the sinner and hate the sin."
The couple says their secret to survival and harmony at home is simply agreeing to disagree.
But today, singles seem to be saying they just can't do that.
"I mean, I wish I could just go out and tell everyone to knock it off and be cool with each other, but it's just not going to work that way," Goss says.
His Trump Singles dating site is up to 35,000 members. LiberalHearts.com, founded by Salvatore Prano, is up to nearly 50,000.
"There's more activity now than ever," Prano says. "I knew liberals would only find comfort in each other's arms."
But there is one other option for lonely liberals. Single Joe Goldman founded MapleMatch.com, a dating site that helps Americans find Canadians "to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency." Goldman became his own first client.
"I can't tell you the sinking feeling I felt [after the election]," he says. "That's not the country I want to live in. So why not consider places that might be more in line with my values, like Canada."
It may be better than the alternative. According to the new Match.com survey, a growing number of liberals today are simply choosing to not date at all.
Gujarat prepares to vote in the second and last phase of the election on 14 December. Photo: HT
Radhanpur/Patan/Vadgam (Gujarat): The state highways are smooth but the journeys are long and arduous. So they take refuge in their smartphones, mostly encased in plastic, shutting themselves off from the rest of the world. The occasional chuckle from the youngsters and the sound leaking from ear plugs give some hint about the source of entertainment—mostly video clips of Bollywood flicks, regional albums or comedy clips.
Prince Parmar is on one such bus, travelling to Gandhidham, a town in Kutch district, from Patan town. The 23-year-old youth, son of a landless farmer, works as a “supervisor” in a garments company in Gandhidham for a meagre salary of Rs10,000 per month. “And they deduct half the salary if you take even three days off,” Parmar, a Dalit, says. While sharing his angst and frustration, Parmar suddenly asks, “How much do you earn? What did you study?”
As Gujarat prepares to vote in the second and last phase of the election on 14 December, Parmar's question takes on added import, reflecting not just the many worries of youth in the state but also sending out a message for parties competing for power. A recurrent highlight of a nearly 550-km road trip across north Gujarat is the Gujarati youth's curiosity about the world of white-collar jobs and their sense of astonishment over the perks and privileges that come with it.
Koradiya Wasimbhai Mehbubbhai, a resident of Radhanpore's Jain Boarding locality, drops in at the makeshift poll office of the Congress with two of his friends. Mehbub says he finished school and underwent vocational training at an ITI (Industrial Training Institute). When a local Congress worker interjects saying he is now doing sundry jobs to eke out a living, the 20-year-old snaps. “What he is saying is not true. I am looking for a good job,” Mehbub says, his voice choking with anguish and a sense of shame. Later, walking towards his shanty on the fringes of the town, Mehbub narrates how circumstances forced him to quit studies after high school. His father is a driver, who earns Rs5,000 per month. Minutes later, Mehbub, in a manner nearly identical to Parmar, inquires about this correspondent's job profile, qualifications and salary. “Did they also pay you separately for this trip over and above the salary? Do they have entrance exams for the job?” Mehbub asks.
En route to Patan's Sami tehsil, Deepakbhai Devipujak, a resident of the district's Baspa village, pulls out his China-made tablet to show images of devastation caused by the July 2017 floods in his area. “All our standing crop was levelled by the surge of water. And till date we have not received compensation for the loss despite numerous promises by the authorities,” he says.
Deepak says he will pursue a law degree, in accordance with his farmer father's wish. However, only reservations can ensure a government job that can secure his future, he affirms. “Our caste numbers around 1.5 crore across the country. We are listed as Backward Castes by the Gujarat government. But we want reservations to end the discrimination against us and ensure our proper representation in the government,” he says.
The Devipujak community, listed among the Nomadic Tribes and Denotified Tribes in Gujarat, fall in the OBC category. But they have been demanding a separate quota within the 27% reservation for OBCs as they are too marginalised to compete with other groups.
In Vadgam constituency's Chhapi village, Bhawesh Kumar echoes a similar sense of despair. The 29-year-old, who has completed his MA and BEd, is desperately seeking a government job but runs a mobile repairing shop out of necessity.
These voices have little presence in the prevailing political discourse of the state, saddled by raging debates on wild conspiracy theories and a heady dose of religious polarisation. The Patidar agitation for reservations, led by Hardik Patel, reflected similar frustration even among the youth of the landed Patel community.
According to Reserve Bank of India's handbook of statistics, Gujarat's growth driven by capital-intensive industries has not generated adequate amount of jobs, and in recent years the rate of manufacturing output has steadily fallen. Small and medium-scale enterprises have also shut shop more than ever before, especially after the introduction of goods and services tax and demonetisation, resulting in further shrinking of job opportunities, data reveals. Will Gujarat's youth make their presence felt in this election? Counting day on 18 December should provide some answers. PTI
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
By Clyde Russell
LAUNCESTON, Australia, April 3 China's appetite for iron ore is likely to have continued unabated in March, but it seems increasingly likely that the first quarter of 2017 may prove to be as good as it gets this year for imports of the steel-making ingredient.
China imported 90.3 million tonnes of iron ore in March, according to vessel-tracking and port data compiled by Thomson Reuters Supply Chain and Commodity Forecasts.
If the estimate is matched by official customs figures, due next week, it will be only the fifth time that monthly imports have exceeded 90 million tonnes, the other occasions being January this year, November and September last year and in December 2015.
The vessel-tracking and port data is typically more conservative than customs data, undercounting by 3.5 percent over 2016, meaning that the risk is that March imports are higher than suggested by the data.
China's imports of iron ore in the first quarter of 2017 have been robust, mainly on the back of strong steel prices and optimism about the resilience of the construction and infrastructure sectors, the main steel consumers.
But there are already signs that the market is realising it got ahead of itself, with spot iron ore prices .IO62-CNO=MB ending last week at $80.39 a tonne, down 15 percent from the peak this year on Feb. 21.
The spot price is now virtually flat from the $78.87 at the end of last year, showing that the rally from December 2015 to February, which resulted in prices more than doubling, is starting to unwind.
Much of the focus on why the price gains were unsustainable has been on the rapid build-up of iron ore inventories at Chinese ports, with industry consultants SteelHome saying stockpiles at 46 ports SH-TOT-IRONINV reached a record 132.5 million tonnes in the week to March 31.
This is some 65 percent higher than the 80.5 million tonnes recorded in October 2015, just prior to the start of the strong rally in prices.
While an overhang of inventories was always likely to eventually cause prices to stumble, it also means that imports may be subdued in the coming months as traders and steel mills work through some of the stockpiles.
STEEL DRAG
Chinese steel demand may also become a headwind for iron ore imports and prices, with the China Metallurgical Industry Planning and Research Institute estimating it will drop to 660 million tonnes in 2017, a decline of 1.9 percent from 2016.
"We think China's steel consumption will decrease step by step by step -- maybe increase some years, like last year. That's our situation," Li Xinchuang, the institute's president, told an industry conference in Perth on March 30.
Such a decline in domestic demand, coupled with likely lower steel exports, would likely lead to steel mills lowering output, thereby cutting their need for imported iron ore.
China's steel exports were 13.17 million tonnes in the first two months of 2017, down 25.7 percent from the same period last year.
If this pace is maintained for the rest of the year, steel exports will reach around 80 million tonnes, well below the 108.5 million recorded in 2016.
Steel prices in China are also feeling the pressure of possible lower domestic demand and exports, with the benchmark Shanghai rebar contract, ending last week at 3,166 yuan ($459.50) a tonne, down 6.2 percent from its recent closing peak on March 15.
For iron ore, it appears the combination of a softer demand outlook and record high inventories is finally weighing down prices.
While this has yet to show up in China's imports of iron ore, the risk is that these too start to moderate from the breakneck pace seen in the first quarter.
(Editing by Joseph Radford)
British Prime Minister Calls For Snap Parliamentary Elections
David Greene talks to British journalist Michael White, who writes for the New European magazine, about what Theresa May has to gain from early elections, which are now scheduled for June 8.
CLOSE Ngata on his reasons for signing and Nigel Bradham on his reasons for returning. Martin Frank/The News Journal
Newest Eagles defensive end Michael Bennett had 8.5 sacks last season with the Seattle Seahawks. (Photo: ELAINE THOMPSON/AP)
PHILADELPHIA – The Eagles traded for Michael Bennett because of his ability as a pass rusher.
But that's only part of what makes Bennett such an intriguing player for the Eagles. The former Seahawks defensive end has always been outspoken about everything, including football and social issues, and he has always been active in the community.
Bennett said none of that will change with the Eagles. Bennett said Monday at his introductory press conference that he's excited to join a defensive line anchored by Fletcher Cox, Brandon Graham, and promising rookie Derek Barnett.
He went so far to compare the rotation on the Eagles' D-line to the rotation the Golden State Warriors use in basketball to constantly bombard teams.
"I think we can have one of the greatest defensive lines to ever play the game," Bennett said. "I think a great defensive line is about the rotation. It's kind of like Golden State. They have those guys who can come in and shoot and shoot and score every time."
The Eagles sent reserve wide receiver Marcus Johnson and a fifth-round draft pick to Seattle last Wednesday in return for Bennett and a seventh rounder. Bennett has been selected to the Pro Bowl in each of the past three seasons and had 8.5 sacks in 2017.
The Eagles also traded for defensive back Daryl Worley, sending wide receiver Torrey Smith to the Carolina Panthers in a straight player exchange. Worley, who grew up in Philadelphia, said he's "ecstatic" about playing for the team he grew up rooting for.
Bennett doesn't have that Philadelphia pedigree, but he already knows about the passionate fan base, and he's looking forward to getting involved in the community.
But Bennett is also 32 years old, and he already knows that he will likely have a lesser role with the Eagles as part of a rotation. Bennett said he's fine with that. He said that will even make him more effective because he can "play savage," meaning that he can go all out on every play that he's on the field for.
And he said the Eagles' scheme is such that he can line up against opposing tight ends more often than top offensive tackles.
"Honestly, I don't think there's a tight end in the NFL that can block me," Bennett said. "I know [Giants quarterback] Eli Manning is probably watching this and thinking, yes, I'm coming.' And [Cowboys QB] Dak [Prescott] is watching this, like, ‘Yeah, he's coming.'
"Yeah I am. [Washington quarterback] Alex Smith, he knows he can't run from me … It's going to fun to be out here and be able to chase quarterbacks."
Local man wins HALF MARATHON: 55th annual race
LOCAL: Attorney who helped sports, charities, dies
But Bennett is about so much more than that. He has long been outspoken on social issues. He and several Seahawks teammates sat during the national anthem last season. And Bennett was one of the 40 or so players in the Players Coalition, headed by Eagles safety Malcolm Jenkins.
Jenkins raised his fist during the national anthem for the 2016 season and last season up until the NFL agreed to earmark nearly $100 million to fund programs in inner cities.
Bennett wouldn't say what he would do this season as far as a protest during the anthem.
"I'm just here to talk about football today, to go out and keep working and doing what I can on and off the field, and keep being a great leader," he said.
But he's very familiar with Jenkins and his work in that regard.
"I talked to Malcolm during [last] season, like once a week, just because we were doing so much stuff together," Bennett said. "I know he's a man's man, he's a very honorable person. He believes in what he believes in. And for me to be part of an organization with people like that, from the team, and committed from the top to the bottom is something I look forward to.
"Me coming to Philly is not also about just winning championships on the field. It's about being a champion off the field, and being able to work in the community with men and young women all across the city and being able to give back and work with youth channels."
But Bennett still wants to win. He was on the Seahawks when they won the Super Bowl in 2013 and got back to the championship game the next season. This season, the Seahawks seem to be rebuilding, as evidenced by releasing cornerback Richard Sherman.
Bennett said he has no hard feelings.
"There's a shelf life and a time for everybody," he said. "You end up just running your course. There's a time where the organization is going to move forward and try to play young guys … and you want to get value for [the older players].
"This is part of the business … This is a great opportunity. It's not like I was traded to a bad team."
Bennett said that was reinforced when he first talked with Eagles executive vice president for football operations Howie Roseman, whom Bennett said told him: “I want to go back [to the Super Bowl]."
"When you hear somebody say something like that, you feel it, and I felt it through the phone," Bennett said. "For me, that's what it's really about."
Contact Martin Frank at mfrank@delawareonline.com. Follow on Twitter @Mfranknfl.
Color Paint and Brushes (Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto)
1. All day Tuesday: ‘Dog Dayz of Summer' sale
In ancient times, “the dog days of summer” referred to the sweltering summer months when only dogs were mad enough to venture outdoors. Don't get mad; be glad that you went shopping at the Art Center's Gift Gallery sale from 10 a.m. until 4 p.m., Tuesday, Aug. 15 at 1010 Winterberry Drive, Marco Island.
Sale on select artwork from the center's private collection; as well as 10 percent off gift gallery items. The Art Center's Gift Gallery offers an innovative mix of handcrafted items by local and regional artists. This includes original artwork, prints, glass art, colorful apparel, unique jewelry, ceramic tea sets, distinctive pottery, books for children and adults, and notecards etc. Information: 239-394-4221.
2. Thursday: Free luncheon for those over 60
Free luncheon for “our friends over 60” who live in Marco, Isle of Capri and Goodland, 11 a.m., the third Thursday of each month (Aug. 17) at Family Church, Winterberry Drive.
Free rides for those who might need them, door prizes and fun activity. This is a collaboration between the Marco YMCA and Our Daily Bread Food Pantry. All are welcome to join. RSVP to Nancy at 706-566-8532.
3. Rookery Bay Environmental Learning Center: Summer hours
Rookery Bay Environmental Learning Center summer hours are 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Buy Photo Kelly Jennings and her son Jarrett, 7, of Greeley, Colo. walk through the trails a part of Rookery Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve on Friday, March 24, 2017. (Photo: Dorothy Edwards/Naples Daily News)
It offers a two-story visitor center, art gallery, gift shop and nature trail with viewing platform. Themed naturalist programs offered daily on topics such as manatees, sharks, sea turtles, marine life touch tank and more. Admission is $5 for adults, $3 for kids 6- 12, and free for kids under 6 and Friends of Rookery Bay members.
Located at 300 Tower Road, one mile south of the intersection of U.S. 41 and Collier Boulevard. Register for events at rookerybay.org/calendar.
Read or Share this story: http://www.marconews.com/story/entertainment/2017/08/14/3-do-dog-dayz-summer-sale/559829001/
× Cardinals, Community Coffee offer discount ticket offer
ST. LOUIS – The St. Louis Cardinals and Community Coffee are offering fans a special discount ticket offer for upcoming games against the Chicago White Sox and Minnesota Twins.
Fans can purchase $5 tickets to watch the Cardinals take on the White Sox on May 1 and May 2 or the Minnesota Twins on May 7 and May 8. Tickets are limited to eight per customer.
To purchase tickets, or for more information, visit cardinals.com/communitycoffee.
How The Quarterbacks From The New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles Compare
The two starting quarterbacks in Sunday's Super Bowl couldn't be more different. The New England Patriots have Tom Brady a five-time champion and global icon. The Philadelphia Eagles have Nick Foles, who doesn't have such a long list of accomplishments.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
Sunday's Super Bowl has one big mismatch - the quarterbacks. On the defending champion, New England Patriots, you have Tom Brady. On the short list of all-time greatest quarterbacks, he is also obscenely rich and husband to Gisele Bundchen, one of the most famous supermodels in the world. The Philadelphia Eagles have Nick Foles. A sportswriter once described him as, quote, "contrite, non-charismatic, cautious, churchgoing." Personality aside, Foles was playing backup quarterback only two months ago. Before signing with the Eagles this season, he was considering retiring.
So is it as big a mismatch as that might sound? Well for more on that, we turn to Bob Ford. He is sports columnist for the Philadelphia Inquirer. Hello, there.
BOB FORD: Hello, Mary Louise, great to be with you.
KELLY: Great to have you with us. Who is Nick Foles? Tell us a little bit about him.
FORD: Well, up to this point, he's been sort of a quarterback that's bounced around a little bit - really didn't have a great career. In some ways, he doesn't have a past. In some ways, he might not have a future after this game. So this is really his moment. And whether he's going to be remembered or not is going to be largely accountable to what happens in the game on Sunday. So that's quite a spot he's in.
KELLY: You're saying potentially he could win the Super Bowl as quarterback for the Eagles, and you're not sure he has a future in the sport?
FORD: Well, I think he has a future as a backup again. I think the Eagles are very much committed to keeping Carson Wentz as their young, up-and-coming quarterback. And he'll get the job back once he recovers from surgery. And Nick Foles will return to his role in the shadows.
KELLY: Now he is known for having had one magic year. He killed it in 2013. He was playing for the Eagles. What happened?
FORD: Well, they had a new coach that year, Chip Kelly. And Chip Kelly brought a lot of different methods to the game. And it took a little bit of time for the defenses around the league to catch up with what those were - and catch up they did. But in the interim, as you said, Nick Foles won 8 out of 10 games. He threw 27 touchdowns - only two interceptions. It was magical. But I also think that was a bit of a mirage given what came afterward.
KELLY: And what came afterward?
FORD: Well, the next season they didn't do quite as well. Nick broke his collarbone. He got traded to the St. Louis Rams. He was a disaster there. And he rebounded as a backup last year in Kansas City before coming back to Philadelphia. So at 29, having had contemplated retirement, he was probably just going to be a career guy who stood on the sideline in a baseball hat and clapped his hands until Carson Wentz got hurt.
KELLY: Wow, and here he is in the Super Bowl on Sunday. Well, let me ask you this. Does he enjoy the advantage of being the underdog? I mean, the expectations are low compared to what Tom Brady is up against.
FORD: Well, I think Nick is used to being the underdog. He was, you know, lightly recruited for college. He was certainly lightly thought of coming out of college. He was only a third round pick of the Eagles. No one has ever been overwhelmed by his athleticism. So I think for Nick being an underdog, this is nothing new. And the fact that he's an underdog in the Super Bowl to Tom Brady is not only a comfortable place for him, but it's expected.
KELLY: How have fans in Philadelphia taken to him?
FORD: Well, it's a little like finding out that your garage mechanic can also do open-heart surgery if you really needed him to...
(LAUGHTER)
FORD: ...Because they didn't think all that much of Nick when he came back. And they love, love, love Carson Wentz. So when Carson Wentz tore his knee ligament, was lost for the season, there was certainly a sense of, OK, it's not about this season anymore. We're just going to build for the future. And then all of a sudden, Nick Foles won two playoff games. And here they are in the Super Bowl. And as I said, it's unexpected. But for a town that has not had all that many championships recently, they'll take any shot they can get.
KELLY: And what do you think? How big a shot is it? Can he and the Eagles beat Tom Brady and the Patriots on Sunday?
FORD: Let me put it this way. The hardest thing about winning the Super Bowl, Mary Louise, is getting into it. Once you're in it, you have a puncher's chance. I think if they played this game ten times, the Patriots would win seven. But they're only going to play at once, so it could be one of those three. So they certainly have a chance. Funny things happen in this game. The ball bounces around funny. And, yeah, they certainly have a chance.
KELLY: Bob Ford, thanks very much.
FORD: Mary Louise, my pleasure.
KELLY: Bob Ford of the Philadelphia Inquirer talking about Nick Foles, quarterback for the Eagles, and what kind of shot he has at a Super Bowl ring come Sunday.
(SOUNDBITE OF SOUTHERN CREEK PLAYERS' "FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS")
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Stella Donnelly has only one EP to her name, but that's been enough to make her sharp wit come through in sweet, quiet songs that rage loudly. The Australian singer-songwriter's Thrush Metal EP was recently reissued in the U.S. with a bonus track, "Talking," which she performs here surrounded by video of wires, a weaving machine and woolen yarns.
Donnelly played "Talking" in Conductors and Resistance, an art installation by the Israeli artist Ronen Sharabani that's on display as part of the SXSW Art Program. Like Donnelly's direct and feminist folk songs, Sharabani confronts the viewer to increase action in areas of high resistance, the only way to ensure a strong reaction.
Set List
"Talking"
Credits
Producers: Bob Boilen, Mito Habe-Evans; Director/Videographer: Nickolai Hammar; Audio Engineer: Josh Rogosin; Photo: Aaron Rogosin for NPR; Executive Producer: Lauren Onkey.
MIDLOTHIAN, Va. – An employee at a Publix supermarket in Virginia said she was stunned when a shopper punched her while apparently trying to get her attention Saturday.
Liberty Gratz, who is deaf and has some vision loss, told WRIC, “All of a sudden, I felt some woman hit me in my back.”
With her mother, Jeanette Gratz, translating, Liberty said she was trying to straighten some items on a shelf near the ground when she felt the blow.
“She doesn't have that peripheral vision, so she's really focused on her work,” Jeanette told WRIC.
Jeanette and Liberty communicate using American Sign Language, but if Liberty wants to communicate with someone at Publix she usually writes it out on paper. Both Liberty and her twin brother were born with Usher syndrome, according to a GoFundMe fundraiser. It's the most common condition affecting vision and hearing, according to the National Eye Institute.
The shopper in Saturday's incident was trying to find something in the store and apparently punched Liberty out of frustration after not getting a response, her mother told The News and Observer.
Liberty said she told others at the supermarket, but they were unable to find the woman in surveillance video because so many shoppers were blocking the camera's line of sight.
Her mother said Liberty was still hurting when she picked her up, but she isn't holding a grudge. In fact, Liberty said she just hopes she can sit down with the person to share some tips on how to treat people with disabilities.
“I know hurt people usually are the ones that hurt people, Jeanette told WRIC. “I will continue to pray for them, and I hope that things get better in their life so they can be better to other people.”
Publix has not responded to requests for comment as of Tuesday evening.
A police officer has denied assaulting a black race relations adviser after she tasered him in the face.
Avon and Somerset Police PC Claire Boddie, 47, tasered Judah Adunbi in Easton on January 14 in an incident caught on video.
During a short hearing at Taunton Magistrates' Court on Monday, August 14, Boddie pleaded not guilty to the charge of common assault.
(Image: SWNS)
Mr Adunbi, 64, co-founded the Independent Advisory Group in Bristol, set up with the help of police to improve the relationship with the Afro Caribbean Community.
Boddie, who wore a black suit and a white shirt, was granted unconditional bail and will next appear at Swindon Magistrates Court on September 12.
PC Boddie was charged following an Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) investigation and a file of evidence was sent to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS).
The IPCC began its investigation after Avon and Somerset Police voluntarily referred a complaint about the incident, during which Mr Adundi was tasered.
The officer was filmed by a neighbour of Mr Adunbi in the incident in Colston Road, Easton on the morning of Saturday, January 14 this year. The eight-minute video sparked controversy at the time, and led to the setting up of a ‘Justice for Judah' campaign in St Paul's and Easton.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission started an investigation into the incident which saw Mr Adunbi arrested and initially charged with assaulting a police officer, although that charge was dropped two days later.
Why The Government Can't Bring Terrorism Charges In Charlottesville
Enlarge this image toggle caption Steve Helber/AP Steve Helber/AP
When Attorney General Jeff Sessions was asked how he viewed the car attack in Charlottesville, Va., here's how he responded:
"It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute," he told ABC's Good Morning America.
That certainly seems to suggest the government is looking into a possible terrorism charge against the suspect, 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. At Saturday's rally organized by white supremacists, a car slammed into counterprotesters, killing one and injuring 19.
But according to the Justice Department and legal analysts, it's simply not possible for the government to file charges of domestic terrorism, because no such criminal law exists.
The Patriot Act does define domestic terrorism, and under this designation, the Justice Department has broad powers to investigate, said Neal Katyal, a Georgetown University law professor who served as former President Barack Obama's acting solicitor general and as the national security adviser to the Justice Department.
He said the government has three basic ways to approach the Charlottesville case.
"No. 1, this is a hate crime, under the hate crime statutes," he said. "The second is that this is a conspiracy to deprive individuals of civil rights."
"And the third is, this is an act of domestic terror, which isn't itself a crime," he noted. In short, the government can't file a criminal charge of domestic terrorism, but so defining the incident does allow it to investigate not only an individual suspect, but also any group the suspect may be affiliated with.
In an email to NPR, the Justice Department made the same point.
The commonwealth of Virginia, meanwhile, has charged Fields with second-degree murder and other crimes.
The Charlottesville case has again spurred a discussion about describing far-right violence as terrorism. After the al-Qaida attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, terrorism was associated primarily with radical Islamist groups based abroad.
The State Department has a list of nearly 60 groups, all foreign, that are identified as terrorist organizations. The vast majority are radical Islamists. And the government can charge a person — American or foreign — with terrorism on behalf of these international groups.
Consider this hypothetical: If the Charlottesville attacker emerged from the car and said he was acting on behalf of the Islamic State, he could be charged with international terrorism, according to Katyal.
Inside the U.S., the political debate appears to be shifting, with growing numbers calling for far-right extremism to be identified as terrorism. But that's almost entirely a political discussion, not a legal one.
On the legal front, there's still a good deal of resistance to creating a criminal charge of domestic terrorism.
"It's an incredibly broad label," said Hina Shamsi, director of the national security project at the American Civil Liberties Union. "There's a real danger of the government criminalizing ideology, theology and beliefs rather than focusing on specific criminal acts."
She said creating a domestic terrorism charge could quickly raise all sorts of political questions about free speech and religion. The ACLU opposes any such law, believing it could be politicized and used, for example, against anti-war groups or environmental activists.
Back in 1995, when Timothy McVeigh killed 168 people with a truck bomb at a federal building in Oklahoma City, it was widely described as the worst act of domestic terrorism to that point.
Yet he was charged with, convicted of and executed for killing federal agents and other crimes — but not terrorism.
The government has historically used the term "terrorism" as a general description for a range of violent acts, including those by right-wing extremists, as well as environmental, anti-abortion and far-left groups. But the specific criminal charge is never domestic terrorism.
Another case came to light Monday, when the Justice Department announced it had arrested a man for allegedly attempting to set off a truck bomb in front of a bank in Oklahoma City on Saturday.
The bomb didn't detonate, the department said. But its description of the case is similar to McVeigh's attack, claiming the suspect, Jerry Varnell, 23, was angry with the government.
The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force is leading what's being described as a "domestic terrorism investigation." Yet the formal charge against Varnell is "attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce."
Not terrorism.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Georgia Toffolo had only just split up from her boyfriend when she started I'm A Celebrity.
And now the Queen of the Jungle has revealed that the heartbreak had a big effect on her first few days in camp.
“I thought about James a lot in the beginning because we had only just broken up," she told The Sun .
"The timing was off. It was sad."
And she admitted that her "fiercely private" boyfriend wouldn't have been happy when she talked about their love life in camp.
(Image: James Saligari)
(Image: Facebook)
“I have so much respect for him because our split was tough on him," she said.
“He didn't sign up to being spoken about on TV in front of 12 million people as he's fiercely private.
“I'm very shocked and touched he supported me.
“I can't imagine doing the same thing if it was the other way around.”
But the winner of this year's show vows to concentrate on her career rather than her love life for the time being.
“This is my time to concentrate on me and my career and not boys," she said.
“I'm still young and, while I 100 per cent want to get married and have kids one day, I've got plenty of time.
“My love life has had a tough year, but winning I'm A Celeb has been good for my self-esteem.”
The Made In Chelsea star opened up to her I'm A Celebrity campmate Vanessa White about her split on last week's show, telling her it happened just a few days before she headed into the jungle.
The blonde beauty, 23, told her pal that her confidence had been knocked and she was hoping to get it back during her time on the ITV show.
Opening up to Vanessa about her split, she said: "You know, it was great but then it just went wrong.
"Maybe I work too much and my work's very difficult.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Vanessa told her she can't blame herself and Toff said: "This is it and the confidence was knocked so much and it happened so soon before I came in here."
It was just a few days before she left for the jungle when her relationship broke down.
Toff added: "I thought I'm going to be away for so long, no phone or anything, I thought I want my confidence to come back, I want to be exactly who I was before."
Incident In Charlottesville Will Make Us Stronger, Gov. McAuliffe Says
David Greene talks to Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe about the protests in Charlottesville. Some say the police didn't do enough to prevent the attack by a white nationalist that left one person dead.
DAVID GREEN, HOST:
Now, of course, President Trump faced a lot of criticism for not directly condemning the white supremacist groups in Charlottesville. He blamed hatred, quote, "on many sides." Vice President Mike Pence had a message yesterday for the president's critics.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
VICE PRESIDENT MIKE PENCE: I will say, I take issue with the fact that many in the national media spend more time criticizing the president's words than they did criticize those who perpetrated the violence to begin with.
GREEN: OK, let's bring another voice in here. It is the governor of Virginia, Terry McAuliffe, who's on the line.
Governor, good morning.
TERRY MCAULIFFE: David, good morning.
GREEN: I know you talked to the president over the weekend. And he is facing, as we just said, all of this criticism about how he responded to this - not directly blaming these white supremacist groups. Did you bring that up to him?
MCAULIFFE: Oh, I did. I spoke to him before I had gone down, and I spoke to him Saturday afternoon. And I made it clear twice on the call. I said, Mr. President, there's entirely too much hate-filled speech, too - horrible rhetoric. It's causing problems in our country. There's too much bigotry. And I said it to the president twice. And at the end of the call, I reiterated and said, Mr. President, let's you and I work together.
And I spent all day yesterday - I visited the Mount Zion and First Baptist churches and spoke all day. Elected officials need to come out, No. 1, and condemn. Call it for what it is. These were white supremacists. They were neo-Nazi. They came into our beautiful state, our beautiful city, with their hate and their bigotry. And I told them to get out. They're not, you know, they're not wanted here. But let's be honest, Dave, they're not wanted anywhere in America. These are not...
GREEN: Well, where...
MCAULIFFE: Yes, sir.
GREEN: I wonder where this resurgence is coming from, in your mind. You've been involved in politics for a long time, and watched different moments and different movements.
MCAULIFFE: And it's a great question. And I do believe that the rhetoric that we have seen - these people felt emboldened, that they could come - and David, you should've heard the language in what these people said on the streets - yelling at the African-American community, yelling at members of the Jewish faith. I've just did my - you know, I've been - you're right, I've been doing this a long time - 40 years. I, never in my life, have seen such vicious, mean-spirited hatred.
And that's why I said, get the heck out of here. I don't know who these people are. I mean, I don't even know what they mean by white supremacy. I don't know why you would be a neo-Nazi today. You know, what we know about the Nazis - for one, we know that they, you know, eliminated 6 million members of the Jewish faith. And why are you marching up and down streets?
So, you know, it's - I think the rhetoric that's gone on - and it starts at the top. And I said yesterday, from the White House, to the statehouse to the mayor's office, all of us, today, need to come out and condemn it. Call it for what it is. Let's get a real realization of how we got to this point in American history. And then let's work together to fix it. This is an opportunity. These folks who came in are disgusting human beings.
And I'll tell you this, they made us stronger here in Virginia. I'm convening my whole cabinet today. We're going to take the lead in reconciliation efforts. They made us stronger. But unfortunate...
GREEN: Well, in terms of, if I may, if - in terms of what you're going to do next...
MCAULIFFE: Sure.
GREEN: I mean, there is talk of more of these kinds of rallies in Charlottesville. There's talk of a protest planned around a monument to Robert E. Lee in Richmond next month. I want to bring up something that I read from Jamelle Bouie. He's the chief political correspondent for Slate. He said compared with protests in places like Ferguson, Mo., where largely peaceful protesters were met with snipers, armored vehicles and riot police, the response in Charlottesville was tame - armed white supremacists facing restrained and measured law enforcement. Did state and local police do enough?
MCAULIFFE: Oh, they did. And first of all, the rally was supposed to start at 12. They moved in at little after 11 o'clock. And the park was cleared by 11 o'clock - by 11:30. They were there. Now, they had to be very careful. We had been planning for this for a while. We had to show tremendous restraint because we knew. We had a lot of intelligence.
These people all camed (ph) armed. David, I've never seen so many weapons. These people were wearing better gear than my own state police were wearing. They had body armor, helmets. They were all - I mean, people were walking around with semiautomatic rifles through the streets. So the key point...
GREEN: Well, does that mean that your police officers should've shown less restraint, if you were dealing with armed and dangerous people?
MCAULIFFE: Well, let's be very clear. Let's think about where we are today - not one ounce of property damage, not one person went to the hospital outside of the car incident - which, David, you can't protect against that. I mean, but not one person went to the hospital from the rally, not one ounce of property damage - and not one single gunshot was fired.
So I will tell you this. The Charlottesville police were in charge. They did a magnificent job. Our state police and guard backed them up. But listen - not a shot fired. And we were worried. And with a thousand people with very, you know - it was a powder keg in there - high tensions. One person fired one shot - it would've been melee. And I would be talking to you today, David, with a lot of body bags that I'm trying to figure out what do we do next. That - none of that happened.
And think of this, not one window was shattered, not one ounce of property damage, not one shot fired, and not one person went to the hospital, except for the 20 - the 19 who were hit by a car terrorist, which, you know, you can't - you know, there's no preparation's going to prepare for some nut, some murderer, who's going to turn his car into a weapon and run through a crowd.
GREEN: All right.
MCAULIFFE: I will tell you this, though, David. We asked - the city of Charlottesville asked for that to be moved out of downtown Charlottesville to a park about a mile and a half away - a lot of open fields. That was the place that it should've been. We were, unfortunately, sued by the ACLU. And the judge ruled against us.
That rally should not have been in the middle of downtown - to disperse all those people from the park where they dispersed all over the city streets. And it became a powder keg. And we got to look at these permits, and we got to look at where we put these rallies and protesters. I got to protect public safety. And our police did a magnificent job.
GREEN: Well, I - it makes me wonder if you're going to do anything differently. Have you learned anything from what happened in Charlottesville if this is going to be planned again, coming up in the next month, in the city of Richmond?
MCAULIFFE: Well, I'll - and I'll tell you this. I mean, the city of Charlottesville, one, wanted to move it, which was the smart decision. No. 2, they tried to ban any sticks and poles, which were used as weapons on Saturday. These were all denied. So I did talk to my attorney general yesterday. We've got to get a better understanding and - with these judges - to understand our job is to keep our community safe.
I'm all for free speech - peaceful free speech. But to put all these people with all these weapons who came in from out of state - and they came in here, David, to hurt people. We know the intelligence. We know what was being said in social media. They came here to hurt people, and they came with guns. We need to...
GREEN: You learned some lessons from Charlottesville, it sounds like.
MCAULIFFE: The lessons I learned is we've got to do a better job of working with the judiciary. They need to listen to the local city officials about where these permits are allowed to allow people to come into your city with guns. Our job is to protect it. And we - the judiciary needs to do a better job of working with us.
GREEN: Governor, I have just a few seconds left. I...
MCAULIFFE: I'm angry that - I am angry that this was not moved to McIntire Park, where the city of Charlottesville had requested. I am very angry today because these people, they were dispersed, and that allowed this guy with the car to run through downtown Charlottesville with people everywhere.
GREEN: So you're ready to be directly involved in where these kinds of protests will happen in the future.
MCAULIFFE: You bet.
GREEN: All right, we're speaking there with the governor of Virginia, Terry McAuliffe, who joined us on the line from Skype, again reacting to the violence that we saw yesterday in Charlottesville. And we're going to be spending a lot of time this morning talking about reaction to those events. Governor, thanks for the time. We're known you're very busy right now. We appreciate it.
MCAULIFFE: Thank you, David. You bet, all right.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Walmart officials apologized Thursday after a photo surfaced on social media depicting a back-to-school display inside one of the corporation's stores that was filled with guns.
The photo began making the rounds on social media Wednesday morning. It displays a gun rack in a Walmart store with a back-to-school sign above it that reads “Own the school year like a hero.”
“What's seen in this photograph would never be acceptable in our stores,” Walmart said in a statement, according to the New York Times. “We regret this situation and are looking into how it could have happened.”
Walmart officials confirmed Thursday that the displays were official Walmart marketing materials. On Friday, the company announced it had determined the cause of the display was “mischief.”
Walmart spokesman Charles Crowson told CNNMoney that employees had tracked down the cause of the display, and had determined that the incident was a prank. Crowson did not elaborate as to whether that meant the image was digitally altered, or whether a customer or employee had put up inappropriate materials over the gun rack.
On Thursday, the company incorrectly said that the store where the display had been put up was in Evansville, Indiana. Crowson later said the incident did not take place there, although he did not identify what store it did take place in, according to the Chicago Tribune.
School shooting incidents have been on the rise in the United States, and many social media commentators pointed out the dark implications of the sign placed above the gun rack, which features an AR-15 guide and hinted at events such as the Virginia Tech and Sandy Hook massacres.
Since 2000, there have been 17 school shootings in the U.S. with more than three victims, which is the requirement to meet the definition of a mass shooting according to U.S. Congress.
Walmart has been criticized heavily in the past several years for selling guns in stores. In 2006, the store cut back on gun sales due to low demand. However, Walmart began increasing its gun inventory in 2011, bringing them back to at least half of the company's 3,600 stores, according to the Wall Street Journal.
In 2015, Walmart decided to end the sale of assault rifles in stores after facing public pressure to remove them from the shelves, according to the New York Times.
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
John Terry's former England team-mates Gary Neville and Jamie Carragher have questioned the timing of Chelsea's announcement that the Blues' skipper will be leaving the club at the end of the season.
The Premier League leaders released the news yesterday afternoon, 48 hours after they lost to Manchester United at Old Trafford in a weekend that saw their lead at the top of the table cut to four points.
There are six games remaining in the league, with the Blues also facing title rivals Tottenham in the semi-final of the FA Cup this weekend.
With the season at such a critical juncture, the timing of the announcement has puzzled the former England duo.
(Photo: Getty Images)
"The timing for me is really strange," Neville said on Sky Sports.
"I don't understand the timing at all. I can't think why that suits Chelsea or the dressing room at all. Maybe John, but I'm sure John would sacrifice himself if they said: "look give me a couple of weeks".
"Maybe it was something pre-agreed before the game that they would do it. Maybe he has signed a pre-agreement with somebody and they couldn't keep it quiet any longer.
"I'm not sure who it suits and what the importance of doing it today is."
Carragher agreed with his Sky Sports sparring partner, highlighting Terry's experience.
"It could be a time for his actual experience, that you need there, that leadership because it's something that they lacked [on Sunday]. They weren't their normal selves," the former Liverpool man added.
"With John Terry I still think he has a lot offer as a player in the Premier League."
Neville echoed this sentiment, opining that Terry could be a useful player in the run-in.
"Chelsea haven't kept a clean sheet in quite a bit now. I think he could be useful for them.
"They're going to wobble, they're already wobbling a little bit, they're going to wobble a little bit more in these next few weeks, you better get him in the team to get you over the line.
"He has got the experience and the resilience, that sort of toughness that would get his team-mates over the line and drag them by the scruff of the neck.
"He might be Chelsea's most important player in these next few weeks."
Following the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday, the Blues host Southampton next Tuesday evening.
In what seems to be the state's worst deluge in three decades,More than 1.83 lakh displaced have taken shelter in 439 relief camps. Rescue operations by the Army, Indian Air Force, National Disaster Response Force and the State Disaster Response Force personnel are underway, said state project co-coordinator of Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA) Rajib Prakash Baruah. About 3,000 villagers were rescued and shifted to relief camps on Sunday, said defence PRO Lt Col S Newton.Water from the Brahmaputra overflowed into KNP - crossing six feet in many places — forcing animals to flee in search of shelter to the neighbouring Karbi Anglong district. "We will be able to ascertain the number of animal deaths only after the water recedes," said Kaziranga divisional forest officer Rohini Ballav Saikia, adding that 148 out of 188 anti-poaching camps have been submerged.Four rhino calves have been rescued so far, Saikia said.( *Lakh = 100,000)
Chicago police officers exchanged gunfire with a man on the West Side Wednesday morning.Police said they spotted a man with a gun and pursued him on foot in the 900-block of North Massasoit Avenue at about 2:40 a.m.During the pursuit, police said the suspect fired shots at officers and officers returned fire, but no one was wounded.The 21-year-old suspect was taken into custody and two guns were recovered from the scene, police said.Area North detectives are investigating.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former England captain Casey Stone has hit back at a troll who claims 'she belongs in the kitchen' in superb fashion.
The 35-year-old was this week honoured with a Special Achievement Award at the PFA awards for her service to women's football.
During her career, she played for Arsenal (twice), Charlton, Chelsea, Lincoln and Liverpool, and won 12 major domestic trophies, as well as a European silver medal in 2009 and bronze medal at the 2015 World Cup with England.
But after the official PFA account tweeted a picture of her with the honour, she was met with abuse from a troll who attacked her.
They wrote: "That plate will look good when you put it in the kitchen where you belong".
However, Stoney wasn't going to let that affect her and replied in a brilliant way detailing the honours she won throughout her illustrious career.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
She cheekily replied: "Yes it'll look fabulous in my kitchen next to my oven gloves, ironing board, my 4 FA Cups, 5 league cups, 2 league titles, European silver medal, world bronze medal and 130 England Caps! It will fit very nicely thank you."
With 130 Three Lions caps, in November 2013 Stoney became the first female member of the PFA Management Committee.
She retired in February this year to join up with former Manchester United defender Phil Neville on his Lionesses' coaching staff.
"The PFA have helped me so much, I wouldn't be where I am on my coaching journey if it wasn't for them." Stoney said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The killer of a great-grandmother who died two months after being dragged, punched and kicked across her home is still on the run, a year after her death.
Eileen Blane, 87, was brutally attacked by a heartless stranger leaving her with broken ribs and her spine damaged.
He fled with just £30 in cash and a £20 ring.
She spoke to detectives from her hospital bed after the attack, but was found collapsed in her home two months later by her son David Blane, 58.
Her death was later linked to her injuries by a pathologist and it became a murder investigation last May.
Before she died, Eileen spoke to the police about the attack that was to end her life.
A heartbreaking recording of her recounting her ordeal has now been released on the anniversary of the attack.
(Image: Manchester Evening News WS)
(Image: Manchester Evening News WS)
Stripper says "Being a sex worker makes me a better mum" for her five-year-old daughter
“He started chucking me about you see, I couldn't get up,” Eileen told officers.
“I asked him to stop but he wouldn't. He was quite nasty.
“He just wouldn't stop hitting me that was the main thing. He just said ‘where are you going?' all the time.
"He saw we weren't going to get out, you see, he was going to make sure we wouldn't.
“It was a nightmare.”
Eileen's attacker - who also savagely drop-kicked Eileen's Jack Russell Sammy when he tried to protect her - is still at large.
Officers have released new CCTV footage and an e-fit of the attacker as part of a fresh appeal for information.
A £50,000 reward is now on offer.
Eileen's son David told the Manchester Evening News : “To see your mum dead on the floor is an horrific thing.
(Image: Manchester evening news)
“The culprit is still out there and he's possibly done this to someone else that we don't even know about.
“I want this person to be caught - for me and our kid's sake and for anyone else out there.”
His brother John added: “If anyone has the slightest bit of decency about themselves and they can stop this from recurring, please let the police know.
“If you are the culprit, hand yourself in. It's only a matter of time now. Do the right thing.”
Eileen's horrific ordeal began on the afternoon of February 3, when she answered the door of her Castleton Avenue home to a man she believed to be the window cleaner.
Forcing his way in, the hooded thug punched Eileen in the face, kicked her and dragged her into the living room.
The robber then pushed her against the hob in the kitchen, demanding gold and money, telling her she ‘wouldn't get out of the house alive'.
(Image: Manchester evening news)
But when his search for cash and jewellery took him upstairs, the quick-thinking great-grandmother picked up Sammy and ran to a neighbour's house where she waited for police.
Eileen's loved ones were called and rushed over to see her.
Son John, 57, said: “Mum wanted to tell me what had happened herself.
“And what she said to me – that she'd been beaten - was like something you hear on the news, something you see on the telly. It was like fiction.”
He added: “Mum was physically shaken, she had severe injuries, she was stooping.
“She was upset but she was saying ‘I'm all right, the dog's all right' – because not only did he injure mum he drop-kicked the dog against the wall because it was barking.
“She insisted she was fine, that's the way she was, she was of the old school.”
For days, Eileen resisted going to hospital. But eventually she was admitted to a ward, where medics found she had broken ribs and a damaged spine - as well as severe bruising to her face.
David added: “I couldn't believe what had happened to my mum – an 87-year-old woman punched in the face. “When she went to hospital the injuries were worse than expected.
“We didn't know she had broken ribs and a damaged spine. We made the house nice for when she came home. Unfortunately, she was going to die there.”
(Image: Manchester evening news)
Eileen was devastated by the loss of her wedding ring, a treasured memory of her husband David who died in 2003, which her sons say would have been worth just £20.
David added: “Her wedding ring had been on her finger for 63 years before this young chap decided to take it off. He nicked that and £30 and she lost her life for that.
“She wanted it back and we tried by appealing for it. But in the end we just wanted mum to be well.”
The detective leading the hunt for the man who brutally attacked 87-year-old Eileen Blane is looking to eliminate three men spotted by witnesses - who may be the same person.
Police have put up a £50,000 reward for information leading to the thug's arrest and conviction.
They have also released new CCTV and an e-fit in the hope of jogging someone's memory.
Detective Inspector John Mulvihill is in charge of Operation Crown, now a murder inquiry after Eileen's death was connected with injuries she received in a violent robbery a year ago.
He believes Eileen's assailant, who kicked and punched her before wrenching a £20 gold ring from her finger and fleeing with just £30, must have been a ‘desperate opportunist' either seeking cash for drugs or to pay off debts.
The descriptions of three men detectives are looking to speak to, to eliminate from their enquiries have been released:
A man ‘acting suspiciously' on Chatsworth Road in Stretford at around 1.30pm on the afternoon Eileen was attacked. It is thought he was wearing a hooded coat or top and was seen walking up and down driveways on Chatsworth Road. A man who was seen shopping in the Co-op on Barton road in Stretford. He was seen at around 2.30pm. He entered the shop and bought toilet paper. The man was white, in his late teens to early 20s and of slim build. He was wearing a dark coloured Nike coat with the hood up. A man seen on Castleton Avenue - the road Eileen lived on - near the junction with Bradwell Avenue at around 3pm. Police say he was white, in his late teens, or early 20s, of slim build, with ‘gaunt' features and sandy brown ‘gingerish' hair, longer on top shorter at the back and sides.
Det Insp Mulvihill said: “It is possible that all these men are the same person, but I have to keep an open mind and at this moment in time I am treating them as three different people who I need to eliminate from my inquiry.
“If he knows who he is, he needs to present himself to police.”
Describing the attack as ‘horrible, horrendous, relentless and brutal', Det Insp Mulvihill added: “This was in the confines of her home address and she didn't stand a chance.
“She answered the door and was punched to the ground, she was kicked, she was beaten, kicked again, punched again, dragged from the kitchen, through to the living room, she was threatened with a knife, the dog was threatened, she must have been terrified.
“For anyone this would have been horrendous, but for this to have happened to an 87-year-old defenceless lady in her own home, is up there when it comes to seriousness of offences.”
He added: “We need to bring to justice the person responsible for Eileen's death, we need to bring closure to the family, who have had an horrendous 12 months."
Anyone with information is asked to call 0161 856 9283/6777 .
Legislative committees approved legislation that would steer more newly-hired school employees into 401(k)-only retirement plans.
The bills OK'd Wednesday would require the Office of Retirement Services to offer the option between a hybrid pension and 401(k) plan or a defined contribution plan on or after Feb. 1.
It also would enroll workers in the 401(k)-only plan unless they choose otherwise within 75 days, and would create a trigger to close the hybrid plan if funding fell under 85 percent.
Nick Ciaramitaro, chairman of a coalition of public-sector labor unions, opposed the Senate bill. He says people's economic lives are on the line and those affected haven't had the chance to fully review the language of the legislation.
The bills are being discussed in both chambers.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Rome, December 11 - The president of the Lower House's budget committee Francesco Boccia said Monday that "at least 2,000" amendments to the government's 2018 budget bill have been declared inadmissible. Measures to be dumped because they were not pertinent to the budget or did not have the sufficient financial coverage included proposals regarding reform of pensions and social security INPS, and others on vitalizi parliamentary pensions, civil and criminal justice and Italian Olympic Committee CONI. He said around 6,000 amendments were tabled by political parties.
The search has been canceled for four men, including two Mahopac brothers, who have been missing for more than a week after their SUV crashed in the whipping waters of a river in Idaho.
The men, including Mahopac High School graduates Raymond Ferrieri, 24, and his 21-year-old brother, Jesse, went missing May 21 when the SUV they were riding in overturned in the Selway River which is located in the wilds of Idaho.
Two of the men were able to escape uninjured and returned to a hunting camp for help. They have since returned to their home in Georgia, said Idaho County Sheriff Doug Giddings.
Giddings canceled the search after a week of using helicopters, ATV's, special dogs, divers and ground teams only turned up a boot. None of the men were located inside the SUV.
"A search like this can go on forever," Giddings said over the weekend. "I know it's hard for the parents, but we have to face the fact that the men are gone."
He added that the men probably wouldn't be found until someone on the river finds their bodies once they float to the top after filling up with gas.
"It's not pretty, but this is a dangerous, remote area," he added. "It takes me eight hours just to reach the search area."
The families of the men had started a GoFundMe site in order to continue searching.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Scientists have developed a wristband sweat sensor that can diagnose diabetes.
The device collects sweat, measures its molecular constituents and then electronically transmits the results for analysis and diagnosis via a smartphone.
It has been designed by researchers at Stanford University School of Medicine, who developed it in collaboration with the University of California-Berkeley.
Four million Brits have Type 1 or Type 2 diabetes. Hundreds of thousands more people in the UK are feared to have the condition but do not know it.
Carlos Milla, MD, associate professor of paediatrics at Stanford, said: “This is a huge step forward.”
The wearable sweat sensor allows for frequent monitoring to see how diabetes patients respond to a treatment or if they're complying with treatment.
Prof Milla added: “It's a little like the old days when people with diabetes had to come into a clinic to get their glucose monitored. The real revolution came when people started to do their own finger stick, and nowadays you can even do it with continuous monitors.”
Details of the breakthrough are to be published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The two-part system of flexible sensors and microprocessors sticks to the skin, stimulates the sweat glands and then detects the presence of different molecules and ions based on their electrical signals.
The team used the wearable sweat sensor to compare levels of glucose in sweat to that in blood.
High blood glucose levels can indicate diabetes.
The wearable device is robust and can be run with a smartphone, which can send measurements to a cloud and receive results right back after review at a specialised centre.
Prof Milla explained: “You can get a reading anywhere in the world.”
The device could potentially be useful for monitoring pre-diabetes and those diagnosed with diabetes.
But the technology can also be used to measure other molecular constituents of sweat, such as chloride ion levels - high levels are an indicator of cystic fibrosis.
The platform can be used to measure virtually anything found in sweat.
Prof Ronald Davis, professor of biochemistry and of genetics at Stanford who was also involved in the development of the wearable sensor, said:
“Sweat is hugely amenable to wearable applications and a rich source of information.”
It is not known how quickly the wearable sweat sensor could be rolled out.
But the team is now working on integrating the wristband sensor into a smartwatch for use by millions of people worldwide.
Former Stanford postdoctoral scholar Sam Emaminejad, also involved in the research, added: “In the longer term, we want to integrate it into a smartwatch format for broad population monitoring.”
KEMMERER, Wyo. (AP) — A 23-year-old man avoided facing the death penalty by pleading guilty to kidnapping and killing a Utah train worker in Wyoming.
Dereck James Harrison entered his plea Monday during his arraignment in District Court in Kemmerer.
Harrison pleaded guilty to first-degree murder while perpetrating a kidnapping and kidnapping in the May slaying of Kay Porter Ricks, 63, The Salt Lake Tribune reported (http://bit.ly/2oFRacD).
Prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty in exchange for Harrison's guilty plea. Sentencing has been scheduled for May 17.
Advertisement
Harrison already is serving at least 30 years in a Utah prison after pleading guilty last year to tying up a woman and her four daughters in a basement.
After that, he and his father snatched and killed a train worker while on the run from police, prosecutors said.
His father, Flint Harrison, killed himself in jail last July.
Dereck Harrison put most of the blame for Ricks' killing on his father, saying that his father was the one who killed Ricks and that he thought they were going to let Ricks free in Wyoming, The Deseret News reported (http://bit.ly/2oiyEX3 ).
Harrison told District Judge Joseph Bluemel that his father cut Ricks' throat.
Harrison said he then scuffled with his father and argued with him before Flint Harrison hit Ricks four to five times in the head with a metal rod.
“You didn't defend Mr. Ricks?” the judge asked.
“No, I didn't,” Harrison replied.
Dereck Harrison had been charged in Wyoming with four counts: murder in the first degree with premeditation and malice, murder in the first degree while perpetrating a kidnapping, kidnapping, and wrongful taking or disposing of property. Two counts were dropped in the plea deal.
Authorities have said that the Harrisons kidnapped Ricks from a Salt Lake City TRAX stop where he was working and drove Ricks' truck to a rural area outside Kemmerer in southwest Wyoming and killed him. Ricks' body was left in sage brush off a dirt road.
After a five-day manhunt, the Harrisons were arrested at a remote hideout near the small town of Pinedale.
The whole episode stemmed from drugs, police said. The Harrisons had been using methamphetamine for days and wrongly thought the woman they kidnapped had reported them to police. So they kidnapped her and her daughters.
However, the family escaped from the two, prompting the Harrisons to flee and setting up their encounter with Ricks.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp didn't kick up a fuss about losing Philippe Coutinho because he knew he had a better player suited to his system in Mohamed Salah.
That's the opinion of Arsenal legend Ian Wright, who has heaped praise on the PFA Player of the Year ahead of Liverpool's Champions League semi-final clash with Roma on Tuesday night.
Liverpool parted company with Coutinho in the January transfer window after fighting hard to keep hold of him in the summer.
Barcelona paid £142million for the Brazilian, and there was genuine fear Liverpool would struggle to compete on all fronts for the remainder of the season after losing such an influential character.
(Image: REUTERS)
But Salah has stepped up to the plate and filled Coutinho's shoes to become the best player at the Anfield club, and Wright believes Klopp foresaw this happening.
Wright told The Sun: "It says much about what he's done for Liverpool that Brazilian maestro Philippe Coutinho has rarely been mentioned since he joined Barcelona.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
"In hindsight, that's probably why Klopp never kicked up a fuss about him going in the first place. The Liverpool boss knew he had a player who better suited the pattern."
Salah beat Kevin De Bruyne to the PFA Player of the Year award on Sunday evening after a sensational season for the Reds in which he has so far netted 41 goals.
DOJ Stepping Up Prosecutions Of Medical Providers Who Abuse Prescribing Authority It's believed that 80 percent of people addicted to heroin today started with prescription painkillers. The over-prescription of opioids in the U.S. has been well documented. NPR's Robert Siegel speaks with U.S. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein about how the Department of Justice is ramping up prosecutions of medical providers who abuse their prescribing authority when it comes to opioids.
A man attempting to flee the scene of a Wareham vehicle crash was captured with the help of air support.
Massachusetts State Police say that at around 8 p.m. Saturday night they responded to a single motor vehicle crash on the ramp of Route 25 eastbound from Route 195 eastbound.
Upon arrival a trooper found a blue 2000 Nissan Quest partially on the ramp and shoulder with no driver in sight.
State Police say the vehicle had two different license plates attached.
Witnesses reported seeing the driver flee into the woods and a search began additional State Police Trooper, the Airwing and K9 units along with members of the Wareham Police Department.
The driver, identified as 45-year-old John Layton of Boston, was located by the State Police Airwing in the woods and troopers were directed to his location where they placed him under arrest on the following charges: Operate MV With License Revoked As HTO, OUI Liquor, 5th Offense, OUI While License Suspended For OUI, Attaching Plates, Unregistered Motor Vehicle, Uninsured Motor Vehicle, Larceny Under $250, Receive Stolen Property -$250, Leave Scene Of Property Damage, and Negligent Operation Of Motor Vehicle.
Layton is scheduled to be arraigned in Wareham District Court on Tuesday.
- WATD's Dan McCready contributed to this report.
Advertising
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal have agreed a £35.3million deal for Sevilla midfielder Steven N'Zonzi.
That is according to Spanish outlet El Gol, who a deal to take the former Blackburn man to the Emirates could be tied up during the January transfer window.
The package would reportedly be made up of a £32.7million transfer fee, plus £2.6million in bonuses.
If the transfer fee were to be correct, it would fall around £2.65million short of N'Zonzi's release clause, which Sevilla president Jose Castro insisted the club would hold out for.
(Image: AFP)
Gunners launch last attempt to keep Ozil
Arsenal are making one last push to keep Mesut Ozil .
Gunners boss Arsene Wenger has not given up on keeping the 29-year-old Germany star, and the club are still hoping a new round of negotiations could persuade him to stay.
Manchester United and Barcelona are both keen on Ozil, who is out of contract at the end of the season and is able to sign a pre-contract with foreign clubs from January 1.
(Image: REUTERS)
Arsenal have already offered him a deal worth around £275,000-a-week but have yet to make a breakthrough.
Ozil has made it clear it is also about winning trophies, not just finance — although he would also be able to get an even bigger deal as a free agent.
Read more here.
Ostersunds boss hails dream draw
The only English coach left in Europe has been handed the chance to write his name into football folklore.
Graham Potter is the 42-year-old Brummie in charge of Swedish minnows Ostersunds who will face Arsenal in the last 32 of the Europa League.
What makes it even more incredible is Potter's remarkable journey that has taken Ostersunds from the Swedish fourth tier into European football in just six years.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Potter said: “Fantastic draw! I wanted to get a really big team.
"I think it is really cool to be going home to England and meeting one of the best teams in the Premier League. Now we are really underdogs."
Read more here.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger has given Alexandre Lacazette no reassurances over his Arsenal future, saying: "We are in a competitive world."
The Gunners broke the bank to sign the France international from Lyon in the summer, parting with a record £52million transfer fee.
But Lacazette has struggled for form in north London, and after Alexis Sanchez left Arsenal for Manchester United this January, Wenger was forced to react.
The Gunners boss made Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang his number one target, and after a week of chasing the Gabon star, signed him on deadline day for £56million - a new club record.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Speaking about Lacazette on Friday, Wenger said: "I don't reassure people. We are in a competitive world.
"We ahem also chosen a job where there is competition, you have to fight for your place."
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
Aubameyang could make his debut for Arsenal in their Saturday fixture with Everton, despite being unwell this week.
"Aubameyang was sick as well so we assess him. Apart from that [Danny] Welbeck is not ready," the Arsenal boss continued.
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
"He [Aubameyang] is a typical striker with great pace and a good ratio between games played and goals scored.
"He is a team player. We lost some goals because we lost Sanchez, [Olivier] Giroud and [Theo] Walcott who were our goalscorers."
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cristiano Ronaldo will miss five games following his controversial red card in Sunday night's El Clasico.
Ronaldo has been a mandatory one-game suspension for his two bookable offences, but has had the ban extended after he pushed the referee in an act of petulance.
The Portuguese international's ban kicks in straight away, meaning he will miss the second leg of the Spanish Super Cup with Barcelona during the week.
He will then be absent for the opening four games of the La Liga season.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Real start the season at Deportivo La Coruna, before returning to the Bernabeu for games against Valencia and Levante.
The final game of Ronaldo's suspension will be the trip to Real Sociedad.
Portugal captain Ronaldo received two bookings in the space of three minutes, with the second coming for a dive which the referee took exception to.
Frustrated with the decision, Ronaldo turned round to protest to the referee, pushing the official in the back before storming off to the sidelines.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
Referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea did not seem fazed by the incident but he did mention it in his report and Ronaldo now faces further action.
"Once the red card was shown, the player pushed me slightly in a sign of disagreement," Bengoetxea wrote in his report.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty)
The games Ronaldo will miss
Barcelona (Super Copa) H, August 16
Deportivo La Coruna (La Liga) A, August 20
Valencia (La Liga) H, August 27
Levante (La Liga) H, September 9
Real Sociedad (La Liga) A, September 16
Ronaldo's suspension broken down
One-game ban for red card (two yellows) vs Barcelona in Super Copa first leg
Four-game ban for pushing referee Ricard De Burgos
€3000 fine for physical confrontation with an official
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An aborted foetus was seized by police and kept in a freezer for three years without the teenage mother's knowledge, it was revealed today.
Detectives from Greater Manchester Police who suspected the young girl was the victim of sexual grooming in Rochdale seized the foetus from a clinic in the hope of obtaining DNA to identify the father.
The revelation made by the Manchester Evening News is one of a series made by a retired senior policeman Pete Jackson, 54, whose whistle-blowing sparked a major police watchdog investigation.
The foetus is said to have been destroyed without ceremony at the same time as body parts of 12 victims of killer GP Harold Shipman in February 2011. The mother was only informed afterwards.
(Photo: Reuters)
Mr Jackson told the M.E.N.: “Morally and ethically this is completely wrong. I seriously question claims from senior officers that they'd agonised over decisions to destroy human body parts in this manner.”
A GMP spokesman confirmed the incident but insisted officers had correctly applied rules on the destruction of body parts as they applied at the time. They later informed the mother about what had happened.
Mr Jackson, a former detective superintendant who retired in February after 31 years in the police, has now spoken of his dismay following a three-year probe into his allegations about the retention of body parts by GMP and another alleged failure to protect a youngster.
Mr Jackson told the police watchdog of his concerns that the force kept and then secretly destroyed body parts of Shipman's victims without telling the families - a story exclusively revealed by the M.E.N. in 2013.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) examined this claim as well as an allegation that police conducting a surveillance operation on a suspected paedophile allowed a boy of 13 to walk into his clutches without intervening.
The youngster is said to have spent nearly two hours inside. The operation was ultimately scrapped with no-one being charged. Former chief constable Sir Peter Fahy and former Assistant Chief Constable Terry Sweeney were among a number of officers placed under criminal investigation as the IPCC investigated complaints about both matters but found no evidence of serious wrongdoing.
On the foetus case, GMP has maintained its officers abided by the rules that applied to the disposal of human tissue at the time. The IPCC has not published its findings into either case or any other strand of its investigation into the whistleblower's claims.
However, they confirm that they have not found any evidence of gross misconduct or criminal behaviour.
(Photo: Getty)
Mr Jackson, the former head of GMP's Major Incident Team, said: “I believe GMP needs to be held to account. As a whistleblower, I have repeatedly said my only friend was the truth. However, as I progressed I realised I had a second friend which is public interest.”
Mr Jackson said he had made a number of complaints about other issues to the watchdog but was disappointed that they referred back to the force.
He continued: “I'm amazed many of my disclosures were simply handed back to GMP to investigate themselves. It is the same officers behind all these cases and in my view this is a culture within GMP that needs to be exposed.”
Deputy Chief Constable Ian Pilling stressed the case had been ‘independently investigated by the IPCC'.
He added: “It is our understanding that these inquiries have concluded. The IPCC has not published its findings, however, GMP has fully complied with the recommendations made by the IPCC as a result of their investigations and three officers have been required to attend misconduct meetings. There were findings of no misconduct in relation to two of these officers. The other meeting has not yet taken place.”
A spokesman for the IPCC said: “The IPCC has completed its investigations and shared our findings and recommendations with the force. We understand that the force is in the process of concluding its own proceedings relating to our investigations. Once those proceedings are concluded we will consider publishing our findings.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rugby will play their final game under that famous name on Saturday when they take on neighbours Hartpury in the last game of the Greene King IPA Championship season.
As of June 1, Bristol Rugby will become the Bristol Bears as the club rebrand themselves for a return to the Premiership having already secured promotion.
So, providing the new name sticks, this really is the end of an era which dates back 130 years.
And one not to be missed.
Hartpury have built new stands to be able to host the famous Bristol travelling support but for anyone not making the journey 40 miles north to Gillman's Ground, you can watch the game live online.
The RFU and Greene King IPA Championship are live steaming the match.
To watch it visit either the Official England Rugby Facebook page or the Championship Rugby website .
Despite having already lifted the league trophy at Ashton Gate, Pat Lam's men are working hard to make it 21 wins out of 22 for the season with the only blip coming against Jersey Reds.
Tickets for the game can still be purchased online on the Hartpury RFC website.
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Real Madrid have reportedly accepted Cristiano Ronaldo's contract demands with the Portuguese star set to remain in Spain.
The five-time Balon d'Or winner's future at the club was in doubt after a poor return in front of goal.
Ronaldo had been linked with moves to Paris Saint-Germain and his former club Manchester United.
But according to Spanish paper ABC, he will earn £26.5million a year, an increase of almost £8m on his current deal.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
That will see him earn the same as PSG Neymar but less than Barcelona rival Lionel Messi.
Ronaldo last week pledged his future to the Spanish giants.
Asked if he likes living in Madrid, Ronaldo said: "Of course I like living here. I've lived in this city since 2009 and I love the weather and the people.
"It's close to Portugal and you can get there by car. Spain is a great country, I love it.
"Of course I want to stay here, I love this club."
By BRIAN JENNINGS
STAFF WRITER
The Blue Knight outdoor track and field team entered the first leg of their postseason stretch when they traveled to Hall High School on Wednesday, May 22 for a soggy CCC West Championship in the rain.
The Knights placed third out of eight teams with 101.5 points, garnering 15 medalists and three conference champions. Hall (178) won the CCC West title, followed by Glastonbury (149.5), NW Catholic (88), Conard (65), Avon (43), Simsbury (39), and Farmington (37).
Southington coach Dan Dachelet said that the team went into the conference meet using quick math of there they should be within the conference, based on what they've done throughout the year and the depth of the team.
“We were a third-place team,” said Dachelet. “I counted us getting 100 points. Everyone did what they needed to do, and we balanced each other out. Some people had an off day and some that had a good day, but in bad conditions, it was a solid day for us.”
Southington's lone first-place finish on the track came from Elijah Rodriguez, as he took first in preliminaries (15.65) and finals (15.51) of the 110m hurdles. He came within a hundredth of a second of his state-qualifying time in the event.
The Knights were represented by two first-place finishes in the field. Zachary Burleigh took first in the pole vault with a height of 12 feet.
“The runway was a mess,” said Dachelet. “It was mud. These guys were 25 feet off of their best mark because the condition of the runway.”
Cameron Clynes took first in the javelin with a distance of 146'2”.
“You couldn't throw in the center,” said Dachelet. “You had to run to the sides. It just didn't lend itself to having a technically sound throw, so these guys were kind of muddling their way through it, trying to do the best that they could.”
Southington's other medalists included the following: Ryan Slesinski, Trevor Porter, James Ringrose, Joseph Verderame, Teagan Duffy, and Tyler Salzillo in the 4x400m (2nd); Casey Selinske in the pole vault (2nd); Ryan Middendorf in the javelin (2nd); Jake Monson in the shot put (3rd) and discus (5th); Jamie Lamson in the javelin (3rd); Terray in the long jump (4th) and high jump (T6th); Slesinski in the 800m (4th); Conner Leone in the 3200m (4th); Johnny Carreiro, Jack Terray, Kolby Rogers, Porter, Ringrose, and William Downes in the 4x100m (4th); and Rogers in the 100m (5th).
“Ryan Middendorf ran on the one side, found some good footing, had a good toss, and almost made the state meet,” said Dachelet. “That's what I'm talking about, in terms of people rising to the occasion.”
Slesinski (800m, 2:01.7) and Conner Leone (3200m, 9:53.29) improved their state marks. Conner Leone improved his state mark in the 3200m by over 11 seconds.
“Conner's wanted to run times like that all season,” said Dachelet. “That was a nice race. I wasn't quite sure where he was going to be at, but in the last 800, he was still kind of there in the midst of the pack and a had a nice finish to run a personal record.”
The Knights will enter the second leg of the postseason on Wednesday, May 30 when they travel to New Britain High School to compete in the Class LL Championship. Meet time is 3 p.m. Staples is the defending champion.
The Knights have athletes qualified in all but one of the 18 events of the state meet, which is the 1600m. They are deepest in the 400m with four athletes qualified.
Heading into the class meet, Dachelet said that the team has a lot of very strong performers.
“As you move along through the championship season, your ability to do well in those meets increases, if you have top performers,” said Dachelet. “The lower points tend to be shared by multiple schools and become diffused.”
Dachelet said that their finish at the upcoming class meet should be the best finish that the boys team has had in a long time, in terms of ranking.
“If you have guys like Zachary Burleigh or Cameron Clynes or a 4x800m team like we have, who can win the meet, we have an opportunity to do better,” said Dachelet. “I don't have a particular number or place, but this is the strongest team that I've coached.”
For more in depth coverage, see our weekly print edition. To contact sports writer Brian Jennings, email him at BJennings@SouthingtonObserver.com.
Speech to Text for Terre Haute Chamber Survey
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
to hear from "you". the chamber has put out its yearly surveys. one is targeted at chamber members. one is for non-members. the goal is to see if the chamber's events are helping to build businesses and the community. the chamber says the survey takes about 5 minutes to complete. we've linked the surveys for you at wthi tv dot com. the "clay county youth food program"
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mark Brunell believes Tom Brady is the greatest quarterback of all time and will lead the New England Patriots past the Philadelphia Eagles for his sixth Super Bowl title.
Standing in Brady's way is an unlikely opponent as Nick Foles has overcome the doubters to lead the Eagles to Minnesota after starter Carson Wentz's season ended through injury.
A former Super Bowl champion with the New Orleans Saints, Brunell believes it is Brady's complete package that makes him so great and will eventually ensure he triumphs once more at age 40.
"In my opinion he's the greatest quarterback to ever play," Brunell told the Mirror, while in London for the launch of Gridiron Grant. "His drive, his leadership, his natural ability, his mental and physical toughness.
(Image: USA TODAY Sports)
(Image: USA TODAY Sports)
"You can just go on and on. I think the Patriots are going to win, not all the time, but most of the time.
"I think it will be a close game, 28-24, with the Patriots coming out champions again."
While Brunell believes Brady will emerge as the victor once again, the three-time Pro Bowler cannot help but be impressed with Foles, who has stepped in to ensure Wentz' injury has not derailed Philly's season.
(Image: Getty Images)
(Image: USA TODAY Sports)
"He's one of the biggest surprises in the NFL," Brunell added. "Last year he disappeared, this year filling in for Carson Wentz, he surprised a lot of people. How did he manage to do that?
"He's a hard worker, he's a smart player, he's surrounded by a very good supporting cast. Nick goes out there, he's very calm, he's very confident. I know the Eagles are benefitting from him being there."
Mark Brunell spoke to the Mirror, while in London launching the Gridiron Grant, an initiative launched by the Jacksonville Jaguars and LGT Vestra which offers a full tuition fee university scholarship to two students graduating from the JagTag programme, or involved in American Football in their community
By PAUL NEWBERRY
AP Sports Writer
ATLANTA (AP) — Matt Ryan bolstered his MVP credentials with a brilliant first half Sunday, throwing four touchdown passes to lead the Atlanta Falcons to a 38-32 victory over the New Orleans Saints, securing a first-round playoff bye.
Ryan was 17 of 19 for 235 yards by halftime, directing the Falcons (11-5) to touchdowns on all five possessions and a commanding 35-13 lead. He finished 27 of 36 for 331 yards, leaving him with a franchise-record 4,944 yards, 38 touchdowns and just seven interceptions this season.
Atlanta is seeded second in the NFC to Dallas.
The Saints (7-9) came into the regular-season finale looking to finish another disappointing season with a three-game winning streak and avoid a third straight losing mark. But they were blitzed early and often by the league's highest-scoring offense.
Atlanta piled up 323 yards in the first two quarters, and also benefited from a 46-yard pass interference penalty against Roman Harper. Ryan threw scoring passes of 7 yards to Tevin Coleman, 1 yard to Julio Jones, 10 yards to Mohamed Sanu and 7 yards to Justin Hardy.
Devonta Freeman ripped off a 75-yard touchdown run and also hauled in three passes for 55 yards as the Falcons put on a dazzling offensive display.
The second half was essentially a chance for Atlanta fans to serenade Ryan with chants of “MVP! MVP! MVP!” every time he was shown on the video board. The Falcons have never had a player win the NFL's top individual award.
The Saints staged a furious rally in the fourth quarter, scoring three touchdowns and recovering an onside kick. But the Falcons pounced on a second onside try with 38 seconds remaining, securing the victory.
One consolation for New Orleans: Drew Brees became the first quarterback in league history to throw for 5,000 yards five times. He was 29 of 50 for 350 yards, giving him 5,208 on the season.
His 471 completions this season set an NFL record.
HUGE HIT
Falcons rookie safety Keanu Neal and Saints receiver Willie Snead IV were both left with possible concussions after a huge collision in the fourth quarter.
Neal turned his head as he approached Snead to make the tackle on a 27-yard pass play, but their helmets struck when they both ducked down.
Snead fumbled, though the Saints recovered. Both players staggered off the field before they were taken to the locker room for evaluations.
PAYTON'S FUTURE
Saints coach Sean Payton is facing questions about his future after a third straight 7-9 season.
Payton was once the toast of New Orleans, posting a record of 62-34 over his first six years with the team, including four playoff appearances and the franchise's lone Super Bowl title.
Since being suspended for a year in a bounties scandal, Payton is 32-32, with the lone playoff appearance coming in 2013.
UP NEXT
The Falcons earned a week off in the opening round of the playoffs, only the fourth time they've been in that position under the current postseason format. Atlanta had a first-round bye during the 1998 (different divisional alignment), 2004, 2010 and 2012 seasons. The Falcons won their first playoff game three of those years to advance to the NFC championship game (the only exception was 2010).
The team's lone Super Bowl appearance was 1998. Atlanta has never won a championship.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Her on-off boyfriend is the future Queen's brother and Harrods is practically her corner shop, yet Donna Air is as Geordie as you'd expect from a Newcastle lass who began her career in kids show Byker Grove.
And, believe it or not, those vowels are pretty controversial...
Dancing on Ice viewers swamped social media when she first appeared on the show demanding to know why her native accent had returned after being replaced in previous TV appearances by plummy Knightsbridge tones.
Could it be our Donna, who has lived in London for many years, was trying to woo the great British public?
Who knows. But her voice this week is true Tyne, albeit softly spoken, as she talks of needing a cuppa to skate through the pain of a newly cracked rib.
It was caused by one of skating partner Mark Hanretty's lifts and is apparently an occupational hazard.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
She shrugs: “Your brain is so occupied you are not thinking about the pain. It's only next morning I feel a bit bashed.
“But I'm from the North so there's not a lot you can't fix with a cup of tea.”
So far, Donna's not sounding much like her public persona.
Despite news of her break-up with the Duchess of Cambridge's brother James Middleton last year, she was on his arm for the society wedding of his sister Pippa and the pair are rumoured to be back together.
(Image: ITV)
But it's clear the 38-year-old has a gutsy core from her working-class roots. They led her to make the choices she did in her youth – getting into acting at 10, then joining sugary pop duo Crush and posing for her fair share of lads mags.
She admits some choices were wrong and that her path isn't what she'd want for daughter Freya, 14.
The bus mechanic's daughter ­explains: “I didn't grow up with a fancy education or lots of choices. I grabbed ­opportunities as they came along.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“That was right for me but it's not nec­­­essarily right for, say, my daughter. I made lots of mistakes but you can only do what feels right at the time.”
As a young, attractive girl keen to get ahead – like so many stars who have come forward since #MeToo was launched – she hints there were moments she wasn't exactly comfortable with.
She insists she doesn't want to highlight any but concedes: “Both sexes can always end up in situations where there might be an unwanted advance.
“You have to learn from that. You have to educate women and men that it's ok to stand up and say how you feel.”
(Image: Supplied by WENN)
She has a certain sympathy for the skimpily dressed darts and F1 grid girls dumped this week in the wake of the ongoing sexism storm – perhaps because she understands why some women choose these jobs.
“It's not so black and white,” she says. “No one should do something that doesn't feel right.
“That's what it's about, not whether you walk around in a bikini or not.
“Women have to fight for what they have and do and should be valued for what they say, who they are, not who they go out with.
“We still live in a slightly sexist society but it's changing and I'm very happy for my daughter – she is a lot stronger and more self-assured than I was at that age.”
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Strong and assured is certainly what Donna is today. Her spell so far on the ice rink proves it.
Despite the cracked rib she has been hovering at the top of the leader board thanks to routines using her slender 5ft 8in frame to great effect.
Partner Mark is clearly besotted. He gushes: “She has such tenacity. If she had started at seven she would have been a professional skater for sure. Her ability to go through pain is quite impressive.”
But instead, aged 10, Donna was plucked from obscurity to star with other soon-to-be big names like Ant and Dec and Jill Halfpenny in BBC children's drama Byker Grove. It transformed her life. When she left she joined duo Crush, toured the world and then returned to present MTV and The Big Breakfast.
(Image: BBC)
Since then, acting and presenting roles have been sporadic and she has launched various businesses including in fashion and jewellery.
Meeting multi-millionaire ­aristocrat Damian Aspinall, her long-term ex and Freya's father, helped her to her affluent Knightsbridge lifestyle.
They were reportedly introduced by socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson and Donna didn't know Damian was son of animal park owner John Aspinall.
The pair split in 2007 because, it was rumoured, of commitment issues. Accusations of gold- digging were bandied by some but today Donna insists she was never aware of them.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
She laughs them off, along with the jibes she used to get about being an airhead – a not particularly amusing play on her name. It's clear she's not.
Addressing the latter, she laughs: “That's really funny. I haven't been called that in about 20 years.
“I don't have any doubts about that. I run two businesses and I have four jobs. You couldn't do that if you didn't have a brain.”
The former? “I have always earned my own money,” she says, sharply. Nevertheless, she admits she is surprised to be getting such public support on Dancing on Ice.
(Image: PA)
And she sounds genuinely, ­endearingly humble about it and her chances of winning. “We have a lot of love which I'm really surprised about,” she says. “Everything is bonus time for me. We are thrilled to still be doing it. I never for one moment imagined I'd be able to stand up.”
But standing up she is, thanks to hours of practice each day. Which, as well as resulting in a cracked rib, is also causing her to shrink.
“I have always been a bit of a skinny minnie but I eat like a bit of a horse,” she says. “I am trying to fatten myself up. I don't want to get too thin.”
But Donna's clearly dedicated to the show. So dedicated that she simply cannot, perhaps conveniently, consider life “beyond the ice”.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
So that rules out thoughts of marriage to James or otherwise, more kids or indeed attending anyone else's wedding – even certain royal nuptials set for next year. As James Middleton's partner it's likely she'd be on the guest list but she will only laugh sweetly: “I haven't really thought about life after ice at the moment.
“I don't remember what it was like before and I'm not sure what it will look like after. I just don't want to break anything!”
Then, in her warmest Geordie, she finishes: “Thanks to everyone voting for Mark and me – we are having an absolute ball.”
As she says, she's no longer a shy girl keen to please but a confident woman.
Thirty years in the business have taught Donna exactly how to handle herself.
A large 12-month calendar spans a wall at the Southington Chamber of Commerce office. It's color-coded and specific to upcoming events, grand openings, networking meetings, workshops and more. It's a masterpiece all in itself; a depiction of the life within our Chamber. It is indicative of the energy present in our office while we hustle to expand our ever growing brand and membership driven organization.
On any given day we can be found working on several different initiatives to enhance our members experience by creating opportunities for them to be seen by the market they desire; the public.
While winter is busy creating an environment effective only to those who know how to hibernate, we are busy planning, strategizing and implementing new and refreshed ideas so that even before the warm weather breezes in, we will have already executed and conducted two large scale events (in very different and similar respects) and will be sailing into spring with two boxes already checked. What I mean by different respects, is that one is a large expo held at a staple banquet facility in town which attracts and pulls attendees to it from all corners of the state, to the other which features multiple restaurants within our town lines and has the potential to drive new patrons to every table…
What are these events you ask? First up, Southington's first ever “restaurant week.” That's right. We have a record breaking number of independent restaurants in town and to think we have never highlighted them in this way before is astounding.
If you have never had the pleasure of participating in a restaurant week, let me give you a quick history lesson. Restaurant week originated in New York City in the early 1990s by partnering with their local chambers of commerce and quickly became a tradition in several cities across the country. Restaurants would put together a pre-determined menu at a fixed price point for both lunch and dinner.
Restaurants nationwide report that what they lose in sales, they make up for in increased foot traffic and return customers. Connecticut even has a whole website dedicated to helping promote its local restaurant weeks (connecticutrestaurantweek.com).
Southington will be hosting its first restaurant week starting Presidents' Day (Feb. 19) and running through Feb. 25. Be sure to ask your favorite restaurant in town if they are participating.
As we wrap up restaurant week, we launch less than one week later into our grand event, “ladies night.” This large expo of businesses aimed at women's likes and needs brings in vendors to showcase their products, services and offerings in a night of leisure and fun. Featuring swag bags to the first 100 people through the door, and businesses from jewelry, to boutique items, to health information geared towards women, to psychic readings and mini massages, it is a night to remember.
Held annually at the Aqua Turf, this event has women (and men) attending from a wide radius. The night also offers a “honey-do” auction where different male business owners offer a service their company provides to be bid on. Some of the previous years' auction items have included spring cleanup, electrician services, power washing, and golf lessons. This year, the auction will be silent, and items advertised ahead of time to drum up attention.
There will be vendor raffles, food, adult beverages and more. Buy your tickets ahead of time online and take advantage of pre-sale pricing at www.southingtonchamber.com. Tickets will still be sold at the door the night of the event. Ladies night is Thursday, March 1, from 5:30 p.m. to 8:30 p.m., at the Aqua Turf.
Taylor Crofton is the executive director of the Southington Chamber of Commerce. For more information, contact her at (860) 628-8036 or Taylor@SouthingtonChamber.com.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PECKVILLE -- One family's holiday spirit in Lackawanna County put them in the national spotlight Monday evening.
Two brothers in Peckville competed on ABC's “The Great Christmas Light Fight” show, displaying their decorated homes for a cash prize.
The excitement was clear at a watch party in Peckville as brothers Jeff and Matt Harhut made their debut on national television.
Their homes, decorated to the nines for the holidays, were competing on ABC's “The Great Christmas Light Fight” that aired on WNEP.
“We've always been a coal mining town, and we are going to blow the competition away!” boasted Matt on the show, receiving applause, laughter, and cheers from the crowd watching.
“Oh, this is so exciting. We're here with our family and our friends. What more could we ask for?” asked Jeff.
“We are psyched!” said Matt. “Just waiting to see the final results here. There's some competition out there I'll tell you!”
The brothers have decked their halls in this extravagant way for several years, but this time, ABC came calling.
Season five of “The Great Christmas Light Fight” had the two brothers, who are also next door neighbors, competing against three other neighbors in other parts of the country for a cash prize of $50,000.
People coming out to see the display were so excited for them.
“Very cool. We can't wait for 8 o'clock, right?” said Nicole Helcoski of Jessup.
Despite their best efforts, the brothers did not take home the light fight trophy, losing to a team of neighbors in Virginia.
But the Harhuts aren't letting the loss dampen their holiday spirit.
“We may not have won the trophy, but I tell you what, we won. We were on the show. It was a great opportunity, and we had a wonderful time,” said Matt.
The Harhuts said the decorations will be up until January 7 and say all are welcome to come out and enjoy.
A Luzerne County native was also featured on "The Great Christmas Light Fight."
Mike Richards grew up in Sugarloaf and graduated from Hazleton Area High School. He now lives in Hillsborough County, Florida.
For the past four years, Mike and his neighbor have coordinated their displays. Mike's neighbor prefers the nostalgia of incandescent lights, while Mike prefers the modern look of LED lights.
Photo: Dan MacMedan / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Thomas Rhett and his family are ready for the holidays.
Related: Thomas Rhett Wants to Incorporate Daughter's Heritage into Holiday Traditions
Rhett has shared an adorable new photo of his baby daughter, Ava, bundled up against the winter chill in a cute lamb knit hat and snowsuit.
The image follows a photo recently shared by Rhett's wife, Lauren, featuring Ava taking a nap in her lamb hat.
See both posts below.
😩 A post shared by ThomasRhettAkins (@thomasrhettakins) on Dec 9, 2017 at 11:32am PST
NEW LONDON MUNICIPAL UTILITIES – AGENDA FOR BOARD OF TRUSTEES
OCTOBER 6TH, 2017 – FRIDAY AFTERNOON – 1:00 P.M. – CITY OFFICE
1. CALL TO ORDER REGULAR MEETING Chairman Jerry Wilhelm
2. ROLL CALL Sid Schmitt, Steve Rotter, Jodi Jackson, Cris Julian & Jerry Wilhelm
3. APPROVAL OF AGENDA
4. PUBLIC HEARING
5. PUBLIC HEARING
a. Citizen questions and comments on proposed Resolution #103
b. Approve resolution #103 increasing the rates for water sold to customers of New London Municipal Utilities (1)
6. OPEN FORUM
7. APPROVAL OF CONSENT AGENDA
a. Approve minutes of the previous meeting (2-8)
b. Accept Treasurer's report (9-16)
c. Approve payment of claims (Handout)
8. OLD BUSINESS
9. NEW BUSINESS
a. Approve quote from Northway Well & Pump for a new drop pipe and check valves (17)
b. Approve change order #3 for Northway Well & Pump (Handout)
c. Approve pay estimate #2 for Northway Well & Pump (Handout)
d. Approve final acceptance of work by Northway Well & Pump for recasing of the well
e. Approve purchasing a load of poles from Thomasson Company (18)
f. Approve quote from A Star Electric to purchase meters for the substation facility (19-21)
g. Discuss damages from yard piping high service pumps project with Frank Millard & Co.
h. Utility Meeting, Friday, October 6th, 2017 at 1:00 p.m.
10. REPORTS
a. Foreman's Report – Tom Pry (22-25)
b. Council Minutes (26-32)
11. ADJOURNMENT
Uh-Oh!
We can't find a newsday subscription associated with this login information.
You can use either an Optimum or Newsday login by clicking the ‘Connect Account' button and verifying your subscription information.
LAUDERHILL (CBSMiami) – A massive crane collapsed onto several homes in Lauderhill.
The sudden collapse took place around 3:30 p.m. on Wednesday.
A crane fell on several homes in Lauderhill, Fla.
Lauderhill Fire Rescue
The truck that the crane was situated in could be seen toppled on its side.
According to authorities, the crane was there for a power pole installation by Florida Power & Light.
It happened in the area of 4371 Northwest 11th Street.
Lauderhill Fire Rescue Captain Jerry Gonzalez told CBS4 that there were two confirmed injuries but he was not sure if anyone was being transported to a hospital.
Its being reported that the crane operator was also injured but authorities have yet to confirm that.
A crane fell on several homes in Lauderhill, Fla.
Lauderhill Fire Rescue
Images from Chopper4 show the crane sprawled across at least three homes in the residential neighborhood.
Gonzalez also said firefighters were checking the damaged homes for any additional injuries.
Copyright (c) 2018 CBS All Rights Reserved
HDFC chairman Deepak Parekh. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: Financial services conglomerate HDFC chairman Deepak Parekh has said succession planning at the housing finance firm and its group companies is a “key agenda” before their boards and they need to evaluate options of both external and internal candidates.
Parekh, however, made it clear that at HDFC Ltd, the board and its present vice chairman and CEO Keki Mistry have agreed that he will continue in this role for a period of three years, subject to shareholders' approval.
In his annual letter to investors, Parekh said it is important to reiterate to all the shareholders that succession planning both, within HDFC and its group companies is a key agenda on each of the respective boards.
“As passionate and energetic as some of our leaders within the HDFC group are about their jobs, the reality is that individuals do get on in age. “Personally, the task of ensuring frictionless transitions is and will be on the top of my mind. That said, it is not as if there will be any announcements right away. All the boards of the HDFC group of companies believe that succession planning needs a time frame of 18 to 24 months to ensure a smooth transition,” he said.
Parekh said he is confident of the strong pipeline of talent for various functions across all companies within the HDFC group. “Yet, positions at the helm require the respective boards and nomination and remuneration committees to evaluate options of both, internal and external candidates,” he wrote.
Parekh said he could not be more grateful to all the leaders across the HDFC group for the extraordinary work that they do each day. “Yet, each one of these outstanding leaders stand tall because of their strong and cohesive teams that back them. As for me, I won't lose sight of the fact that it is the ontinued support of our shareholders that gives me the privilege to serve as non-executive chairman,” he said.
Besides HDFC Ltd, the major group firms include HDFC Bank, currently headed by Aditya Puri, as well as its mutual fund and insurance ventures. The bank has also decided to look for the successor for its managing director Aditya Puri. The successor is likely to be announced by October 2019, a year prior to Puri stepping down from the charge in October 2020.
Parekh said HDFC has delivered amongst the best-in-class shareholder value - an estimated 360 times increase in market capitalisation over a 25-year period between 1993 and 2018. There are now four listed entities within the HDFC group and one more is on the anvil.
“We hope to have the initial public offering of HDFC Asset Management Company Limited launched shortly,” Parekh said. He said HDFC concluded the last financial year with an equity share capital raise of ₹13,000 crore and a large part of the capital raised will be utilised to maintain its shareholding in HDFC Bank. “Our investment in the bank has been amongst our best value drivers for several years,” he said.
Parekh said HDFC continues to maintain a fortified balance sheet and the time is right to lay the foundation for the next phase of long-term growth and sustainability. “Some of our plans for the future are still at the drawing board stage. Yet, we know the broad contours. “We want to focus on strengthening our presence across the entire value chain of housing, seek opportunities in stressed real estate assets, mark a deeper footprint in the health insurance space and explore emerging organic and inorganic growth opportunities,” he said.
Parekh said the group will also continue to support the growth of our subsidiary companies. He said as a financial conglomerate, HDFC needs to keep building for the future.
“Our key long-term priorities are ethics, transparency, performance and customer-orientation. We will continue to pursue these priorities with vigour whilst focusing on the potential to create long-term value,” Parekh wrote.
He said the group regularly engages in dialogue with our stakeholders on developments of the Corporation, but desists from the practice of quarterly or annual earnings guidance.
“Listed companies do feel the pressure - not of quarterly reporting per se, but meeting short-term expectations of the markets in an increasingly volatile environment. “Globally, there is a discernible trend of companies curtailing capex, holding back on investing in new products or reducing budgets on human resources, research and development. These are often myopically construed as dispensable costs. Nothing can be more damaging to a company than putting off long-term investments to appease short-term stakeholders.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Viewers at home were left cringing during Emma Willis and Ann Widdecombe's Celebrity Big Brother exit interview on Friday night.
The former MP lost out to drag queen Courtney Act , who was crowned winner in the live final.
Sitting down with Emma after leaving the house, the host asked Ann: "How will you think you're going to fare now going back to just you with your lovely cats that you adore?"
But Emma was clearly not up speed, because Ann snapped: "I don't have any cats. That's misinformation."
A red-faced Emma replied: "Oh, I thought you had cats?"
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: WireImage)
"I did but they died," Ann went on.
Fans were quick to comment on the exchange on social media, with one writing: "Touch of awkwardness when Emma brought up Ann's cats who were dead though."
A second wrote: "Emma and her high levels of research, are you looking forward to seeing your cats, Ann: they're all dead."
Elsewhere in the chat, Ann said she was "thoroughly bemused" to come second on the show.
"Apparently I'm the runner-up in Celebrity Big Brother. Do you know how many times I've turned this programme down?
"I definitely enjoyed it more than I thought I would, I thought I wouldn't enjoy it at all."
She also said it was "terrible" living with other people.
She added: "There was noise all the time. I was woken up in the morning by loud pop music played by Big Brother and there was even one day when that was followed by an obscene performance.
(Image: WireImage)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Shane Jenek is given lap dance by stripper
"With all due respect to all of them (the housemates), I am dying to go back to living alone, I've been dying for it since day one and then the numbers doubled and I was dying for it even more."
Asked if conversations she had in her house about abortion and LGBT rights had given her food for thought, she said: "No, you reason yourself there and that is then your position.
"It was an endorsement of free speech, whether people agreed with me or not."
© AFP
Unidentified assailants shot dead seven members of Syria's White Helmets rescue service early on August 12 during a raid on their base in northwestern Syria."The civil defense center in Sarmin was the target of an armed attack by unknown assailants in which seven volunteers were killed," the White Helmets said in a statement."Two minibuses, some white helmets and walkie-talkies were stolen."Sarmin is in Idlib Province, which has witnessed clashes recently between rival insurgent groups.The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said that the fatalities were discovered when volunteers arrived to start a shift and found the bodies of their colleagues.The White Helmets have been working to rescue civilians in rebel-held areas since 2013.They work exclusively in rebel-held areas and receive donations from several Western governments, including Britain, Germany, the Netherlands, and the United States.President Bashar al-Assad's government and his ally Russia accuse them of being tools of their international donors.They are known for their daring rescues, filmed and circulated on social media.In 2016 they were nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. ANN, MO (KPLR) – Some St. Ann residents are worried that their long-time fishing lake is going to become swan lake.
Officials with the City of St. Ann have been talking about re-doing the lake in Tiemeyer Park for about 10 years and currently that lake is being drained for the work to finally start.
St. Ann residents said that for over 50 years that lake has been used for fishing but now they are worried that when the updates are finished that will change.
St. Ann Parks Director Tim Younker said this concern started last year when an alderman donated two swans for the lake to help keep geese away, but because of a fishing hook one didn't survive.
“We did lose a swan from lead poising from a weight so there are a couple of aldermen who are worried about this happening again so we are looking into it, what I am hoping is that we can have fishing and the swans also,” said Younker.
Younker said the fish would be stocked by the Missouri Conversation Department but the swans would be a city expense.
“Our police major just built a lake so he is housing them, and we did replace the one swan so he has a mate now and as a matter of fact they are nesting,” said Younker.
A lot of resident want the tradition of the fishing lake to continue and said if it comes down to the fish or the swans, then the swans need to go.
One alderman posted on Facebook asking if people wanted a fishing pond or serenity pond and about 80% of people said fishing.
The alderman may be voting on this sometime this month.
There have been seismic shifts taking place with the UK's foreign policy and immigration law. The latest in a line of reforms is the announcement of a new system of application for settlement for EU nationals living in the country. The scheme will open for applications by March 2019 and the applicants will be granted a ‘settlement status' after June 2021, also referred to as the UK EU settled status.
The last date to apply for settlement in the UK under this scheme will be on the 20th of June, 2021. A “settlement status” will allow the status holder to live and work in the UK for as long as they please.
This implies eligibility for the following public services:
Healthcare and schools
Public Funds and Pensions
British Citizenship, if the requirements are met
EU Settled Status Requirements
In order to be eligible for a UK EU settled status, an applicant would be required to:
Be an EU citizen or a non-EU family member of an EU citizen
Have been living in the UK continuously for 5 years
Have started living in the UK before the 31st of December, 2020
What will you need to prove the above-mentioned requirements?
Your Identity
Proof of Residence in the UK
Fees for the UK EU Settled Status:
65 Pounds if you are over the age of 16
50 Pounds if you are under the age of 16
Post application:
Should your application be accepted, you will be able to get a document proving your status through an online service. The document will not be a physical form if you already have a biometric residence card.
What if your application is unsuccessful?
Despite the reforms, there are possibilities for applications to get rejected due to various unforeseen circumstances. If your application is rejected, you can reapply before the 30th of June, 2021. You may appeal against the rejection on valid grounds.
Here at The SmarMove2UK, we are a firm believer of getting things right the first time. Stay connected with our immigration experts at SmartMove2UK to keep up with the final, parliament authorized system of UK EU settled status. Whatever be the changes in the months to come, you can be assured that our immigration solicitors will be ready to assist with all the EU settled status requirements, in just the manner you require.
Think UK Visas, Think The SmartMove2UK.
Authorities say gunmen opened fire on a party bus in the Detroit enclave of Highland Park following a dispute, wounding two people inside.
Police say about 40 people were kicked out a hookah bar in the Detroit suburb of Southfield early Monday for causing a disturbance and two women were arrested for disorderly conduct. Police say some of those kicked out left in a party bus, followed by at least one vehicle.
Police say that when the party bus stopped in Highland Park two men opened fire, spraying the bus and the area nearby with bullets. At least one person shot was listed in critical condition. Passengers fled the bus.
Police say they believe they know the identity of the suspected shooters.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
High Performance Thermally Conductive Adhesive Sheet Market Product Type ( Silicone Thermal Conductive, Aluminum Film Compounded Thermal Conductive, Acryl Compounded Thermal Conductive ) by Application / End User (Electronics, Power Devices) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends, and Forecast 2018–2026
This report studies the High Performance Thermally Conductive Adhesive Sheet Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the High Performance Thermally Conductive Adhesive Sheet Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of High Performance Thermally Conductive Adhesive Sheet (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall High Performance Thermally Conductive Adhesive Sheet Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/high-performance-thermally-conductive-adhesive-sheet-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
High Performance Thermally Conductive Adhesive Sheet Market : Product Type
• Silicone Thermal Conductive
• Aluminum Film Compounded Thermal Conductive
• Acryl Compounded Thermal Conductive
High Performance Thermally Conductive Adhesive Sheet Market : Application
• Electronics
• Power Devices
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/high-performance-thermally-conductive-adhesive-sheet-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
SABNES and the Naturalist Club are asking volunteers to help help rid the foreshore area of an invasive perennial vine called woody nightshade that has taken over large parts of the marsh, choking out native species that create suitable habitat and nesting material for fish and birds. -Image credit: Photo contributed.
Get out your best pair of garden gloves and go to battle for the Salmon Arm foreshore.
For the past couple of years, the Shuswap Naturalist Club and Salmon Arm Bay Nature Enhancement Society have been tackling a “growth” problem in the SABNES nature sanctuary along the foreshore.
“No, it isn't an overpopulation of wildlife,” says naturalist Ed McDonald. “Rather, an invasive perennial vine called woody nightshade has taken over large parts of the marsh, choking out native species that create suitable habitat and nesting material for fish and birds.”
McDonald says the most effective way to slow the spread of this prolific invader along the foreshore is by hand-pulling, bagging and disposal in the landfill.
The target area for the next weed pull on Oct. 18 will be a section of trail between the beaver pond and Christmas Island. The Columbia Shuswap Invasive Species Society supports these weed pulls by providing bags, gloves (parts of the plant are somewhat toxic), and by paying the costs for access to the CSRD landfill.
Willing workers are needed to help carry out this activity. If you can lend a hand for a few hours from 8:45 a.m. go to to the entrance gate of the nature reserve.
“Be sure to wear old clothes and waterproof footwear,” says McDonald. “We are also looking for a few pickup trucks to haul away the many bags of plants that we will collect. Let's keep our foreshore environment a healthy and inviting place for wildlife.”
For more information, email mcdonald@airspeedwireless.ca or call Ed McDonald at 250-835-8802.
@SalmonArm
barbbrouwer@saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
For those of us not around in December of 1941, our American History books made sure to include FDR's famous speech to the Congress and nation in the aftermath of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. He called December 7th, 1941 ‘A day of infamy' … and it sure was.
Sadly, today's American History books have no such remembrance of March 19th, 2003, surely another ‘Day of infamy' for our people and those in Iraq. Only either a fool or a die-hard Neo Con can dismiss that day as the beginning of the end of our republic, and the futility of this Military Industrial Empire. All the whores in the media who cheerlead the illegal and immoral attack and invasion on Iraq revealed that they were either duped or embedded into this dead end empire. The interesting thing is that so many of my activist friends knew almost categorically that what we were doing was just plain wrong! The millions who marched in February, 2003 from around this planet knew that what the Bush/Cheney gang was planning to do was horrific and outright evil! Yet, it happened… with no legal or moral consequences.
This writer can recall, vividly, waking up on the morning of March 19th fifteen years ago and turning on the boob tube. To watch the carpet bombing of Baghdad actually brought tears to my eyes… and then I just wept silently! As I wept, the CNN anchor, much the same as the MSNBC or FOX anchors, was wearing his little flag pin on his lapel as he (almost gleefully) reported the carnage. A day or so later little Katie Curic of NBC walked through the halls of her station shouting “Marines rock!” The thrill of pre-emptive war was contagious. News crews would soon be embedded with our Marines out in the field in Iraq, as the illegal and immoral invasion continued. At the command post in one of the Gulf countries (like who in the hell cares which one?) General Vincent Brooks, Deputy Commander of Operations, was front and center as spokesperson for our invasion. He stood before an audience of reporters from major news outlets (most of them like lemmings) and reported on our advances into Iraq. Sometimes he had to explain what war criminal Rumsfeld referred to as the Collateral Damage from our airstrikes, whereupon thousands of civilians were either killed or maimed for life. Of course, like with all our military personnel there, perhaps hundreds or thousands of miles from any threat or action, Brooks wore the popular camouflage uniform as if he was right in the thick of battle. What hypocrisy!
We who knew better, whether as activists, educated citizens or alternative journalists, predicted that this heinous act by our empire would have the blowback that the late Chalmers Johnson wrote about in his 2000 book Blowback: The Costs and Consequences of American Empire. One need not even have to reiterate the costs of this all, in lives lost, economies (Iraq's and ours) destroyed and of course the rise of fanatical Islamist terror throughout the region. Surely this March 19th, 2003 ‘Day of infamy' has become a ‘Generation of infamy' . Will my fellow citizens who love this country as I do finally wake up and demand we pull back this empire. before it destroys all the world?
*
Philip A Farruggio is a son and grandson of Brooklyn , NYC longshoremen. He has been a free lance columnist since 2001, with over 300 of his work posted on sites like Consortium News, Information Clearing House, Global Research, Nation of Change, World News Trust, Op Ed News, Dissident Voice, Counterpunch, Activist Post, Sleuth Journal, Truthout and many others. His blog can be read in full on World News Trust., whereupon he writes a great deal on the need to cut military spending drastically and send the savings back to save our cities. Philip has a internet interview show, ‘ It's the Empire… Stupid' with producer Chuck Gregory, and can be reached at paf1222@bellsouth.net.
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Philip A Farruggio , Global Research, 2018
https://www.globalresearch.ca/march-19-2003-a-day-of-infamy-for-the-people-of-iraq/5632668
Today, Wednesday, July 4, will be warm, dry and mostly sunny. Highest temperatures of 23 to 27 degrees in light southwesterly breezes. Onshore breezes will keep it a little cooler along the coasts.
Tonight
Cloud and patches of mist will advance over western parts of the country overnight, producing the odd spot of drizzle where the cloud gets thick enough. Minimum temperatures of 12 to 15 degrees with light northwest breezes developing.
5W1H: Our hands are stained with blood of Muslims, says Congress leader Salman Khurshid
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates. Our hands are stained with blood of Muslims, says Congress leader Salman Khurshid. Watch this video for more information.
Meekatharra police have charged four teenagers and an adult with more than 55 charges relating to stolen cars, burglaries, trespassing and reckless driving after a crime spree that culminated in a foot chase through the town.
Police will allege in one incident a stolen car was driven at speed towards a parked police car by a 17-year-old youth.
Meekatharra police station officer-in-charge, Senior Sergeant David Hornsby, said officers had been looking for the stolen Nissan Navarra for several days when they spotted it near the town on Meekatharra-Sandstone Road about 5.30pm on Friday.
“One of my guys made an attempt to stop it and it refused to stop, so we backed off and downgraded,” he said.
“About 30 minutes later it was sighted again driving dangerously around town, and rather than get into a pursuit we tried to box it in by blocking off streets.
“On one of the streets it veered over on the wrong side of the road and aimed at the vehicle I was in and then we had to back out of the way.
“They were doing probably about 80km/h or so with a flat tyre by the time they got to where I was.”
Snr Sgt Hornsby said soon afterwards the car was abandoned in an alley way, where the driver and two teenage passengers tried to flee on foot.
He said the driver, from Newman, and a teenage passenger were caught after a short foot chase, but a second passenger was still wanted by police.
Both were charged with a string of offences, including an act intended to cause harm.
Snr Sgt Hornsby said further investigations led to three other people being charged with various offences allegedly committed in Leonora, Leinster, Newman, Wiluna and Meekatharra over a three-week period.
He said none of the alleged offenders were from Meekatharra.
All faced Meekathara Magistrate's Court via video link to Carnarvon on Saturday and were remanded in custody.
They will re-appear in several courts around the state via video link.
A complete ban on liquor sales was put in place in Meekatharra on Friday in an effort to curb the spate of crime.
The restrictions were lifted yesterday.
The millennial generation gets a bad rap when it comes to the topic of financial responsibility. But is that stereotype true? Or do millennials simply prioritize life and finances a little differently than other generations?
The young workforce of today isn't working to retire. They don't think of retirement as a phase of their life nor do they plan to work to afford it. Why wait until 70 years old to enjoy life? But this mentality isn't necessarily irresponsible when it comes to money and finances. It is just different. Working and saving to achieve financial freedom and flexibility to live a life full of travel and pleasure is becoming the new normal, and the idea is growing as millennials dominate the workforce.
Related: Millennials Are Great at Saving Money but Reluctant to Invest It
So, just how can the millennials achieve financial freedom so that they are free to live the life they want? According to Diego Corzo, 27-year-old entrepreneur and real estate guru, the answer lies in creating passive income streams.
What is passive income?
Making money while you sleep. Sounds like a dream come true, right? The simplest definition of passive income is that you are able to earn income without being actively involved or at least minimally involved.
After reading the book “Rich Dad Poor Dad” at the age of 21, Corzo became obsessed with the idea of passive income. Now that he has figured it out and successfully earns everything he needs passively, he has turned his attention to helping other millennials do the same thing.
Most of the time, when people need a little extra cash flow, they pursue a part-time job or side hustle. The vast majority of Americans trade their time for money. They get paid by the hour and barely earn enough to get by. But what if you didn't have to? What if you could pay off your debt and even earn enough to live based off of passive income?
Related: 8 Ways to Make Money While You Sleep
How to create passive income through house hacking.
While there are several different ways to create passive income streams, house hacking is a very tangible and achievable method that millennials can use with little to no upfront money. House hacking simply means that your expenses are paid by other people. You own a house and live with roommates. Your roommates cover the mortgage and bills with their rent, leaving you with extra money to travel or buy the things you want -- the millennials' dream come true.
Most people falsely believe you need 20 percent down to purchase a home, but it simply isn't true. There are programs and grants available to get you into a starter home with very little money upfront. “I started with zero in the bank after I graduated from college at age 22," Corzo said. "By age 24, I bought my first home to house hack, and I have been living for free ever since. Two years later, I was able to quit my full-time job and now I own eight properties.”
House hacking is just the beginning.
House hacking, as explained above, is a strategy that can help millennials achieve financial freedom and create a passive income stream, but that is just the start. House hacking is one of the least expensive ways to get started in real estate and create a truly different lifestyle.
“A lot of people don't pull the trigger to start investing in real estate because they get overwhelmed with the unknown," Corzo said. "House hacking allows you to get your feet wet because you are buying a property for yourself that just happens to have extra rooms that make you money.”
House hacking drastically decreases your living expenses, allowing you to keep or spend more of your money each month. In a world where the average American spends 30 percent of their income on housing, you could have that 30 percent to spend on creating a lifestyle you love or saving to invest in more passive income streams.
Corzo suggests giving real estate a try by starting with house hacking. If you don't like it, sell the house or manage just that one property. But if you catch the bug and see the magic of passive income, keep investing. With Diego's eight properties, he now creates $4-5k per month in passive income which covers all of his living expenses -- making him completely financially free.
Related: You're Free! So Cut the Cord and Save Money Like the Millennials Do.
Financial freedom is within reach.
Even if you are heavily in debt as a millennial graduating from college, you can become financially free. The key that Corzo and many other millennials have uncovered is that you must make your money work for you. Stop trading your time for money and get creative with how you think. Of course becoming financially free also includes improving your credit scores, getting the best loans and creating personal budgets, but it also includes creating passive income streams. While this isn't a get rich quick scheme, it has the power to change your life. Give it a try, and create the billion-dollar lifestyle millennials dream of.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol's roads are exceptionally busy these days, and finding a good spot to park - or any spot at all - is a tricky affair.
Not to mention the sky-high charges for using any of the city's car parks.
But as well as this, with prolific gangs of motorbike thieves operating across the city, worrying about whether or not you have left your vehicles in a safe spot becomes a concern.
An interactive map has been created which shows the car crime hotspots in Bristol.
This comes as Co-op Insurance reveals there was a marked increase in car crime across the UK in the past year.
The 20% rise in car crime has led the insurer to say it wanted to help people "make sensible choices as to where to park their car".
Below is its online Park Smart gadget, which shows people where the car crime hot spots are in their area.
Users simply enter their postcode from anywhere across England and Wales and the Park Smart tool will highlight the risk level in each area based on vehicle theft, theft from a vehicle and vandalism.
Click here for Bristol's interactive car crime hotspot map View fullscreen
Areas are colour coded red, orange or yellow to make it easy for users to identify areas of concern, reports Liverpool Echo .
James Hillon, director of products at Co-op Insurance, said: “Year-on-year, we see a 20% increase in car thefts across the UK.
"Our tool will allow drivers to make safer choices about parking and, in turn, help to keep communities safe.”
As well as choosing a parking space with low crime rates, Co-op Insurance advises that motorists should park close to other cars; turn wheels towards surrounding vehicles; turn wheels towards the curb; park on main roads or near shops and restaurants; and, if you have a steering lock, use it.
Mr Hilton said: "Furthermore, it's advised that drivers keep bags and coats out of sight as criminals could mistake them for concealing valuables. Any paperwork which includes identity should also be kept from view."
By Sue Pascoe
Editor
Marie Steckmest, known to her students as “Miss Marie,” will receive her second Golden Sparkplug award, this time on behalf of her volunteer efforts at the Marquez Elementary School garden. She has volunteered as a garden teacher the past six years, after becoming a University of California Cooperative Extension Master Gardener.
The Marquez garden program had been run by parents and staff since 1994, but it lacked direction without a constant presence (Steckmest) to oversee teaching, curriculum development, maintenance and fundraising.
“I've spent thousands of hours in the best job that I've ever had,” Steckmest said. “I was surprised by the award, but thrilled! I love teaching the kids at Marquez about gardening and introducing them to plants and food.”
When Steckmest started, she had only second graders and soon was called “Miss Marie.”
“The gardening program is an evolving one,” she said. “I decided that more grades should have access to gardening and gradually added more classes.”
Last year, Steckmest worked with second through fifth graders. This year the program has added kindergarten and first grade, and she's striving to tie the garden to the social studies in each grade.
Fatally Shot Russian Journalist Was Targeted For His Work, Ukrainian Police Say A Russian journalist who was fiercely critical of President Putin has been shot and killed in the Ukrainian capital Kiev. Arkady Babchenko isn't the first Kremlin critic to be murdered in Kiev.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Emmerdale fans like a cheeky innuendo as much as the next person - but it may have gone a bit too far tonight.
Over the last few weeks viewers have watched Jimmy King struggle to deal with the pressure at work thanks to two jobs.
Poor Jimmy's stress has had a drastic impact on his bedroom performance, resulting in him taking one pill a day so he can't still enjoy intimate time with Nicola.
Humiliated Jimmy, who accidentally spilled his secret to half the village, was lured out to the cafe with the promise of extra bacon and fried bread.
But his problems resurfaced thanks to some filthy innuendos that were awkwardly made in his presence.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
When Nicola said Jimmy was having salad for dinner, Faith Dingle said: “Oh give over he's a growing lad aren't you Jimmy.”
Getting the wrong end of the stick, furious Jimmy replied: “What's that supposed to mean?”
Faith explained that “a little of what you fancy” isn't bad for you unless it's one of Rodney's iced fingers which are “rock solid”.
Nicola defend her dad's sweet treats, even when she was asked to have a taste of one.
Not realising what she's way saying, she added: “I like things that are rock solid.”
Rodney's young lover Misty burst out laughing, causing mortified Jimmy to storm out of the cafe.
(Image: ITV)
Shocked Emmerdale viewers took to Twitter after the saucy scenes.
One viewer said: "Rodney's iced finger. Rock solid. Too much for a Tuesday"
"Ooooh yeah Saucy scene for jimmy pre watershed porn," another added.
A third said: "This Jimmy's ding dong storyline is awful and cringy"
It all turned out well, sort of, in the end as later on Jimmy had a sex therapy session with Misty, which definitely sorted out his bedroom issues.
There was still more drama though as, after some afternoon delight with Nicola, she saw her bra attached to Misty.
Furious Nicola demanded to know what her husband and dad's girlfriend had been doing in her bedroom.
CD Set Offers A Long, Satisfying View Of The New York Philharmonic Orchestra The New York Philharmonic celebrates its 175th birthday with a box set dating back to its very first recordings a century ago, featuring some of the greatest musicians of the 20th-century.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tyson Fury has ‘clarified' to fans and potential opponents that while he's promised to send a contract to Shannon Briggs for a fight, the 46-year-old will not be his comeback bout.
Fury claims his ‘weight is coming off a treat' at his training camp in Marbella and that he's on track for a return to the ring.
But it won't be against Briggs, as his previous comments seemed to intimate.
“This is just to clarify something,” the former world champion said in a video posted on his social media channels.
“I tweeted Shannon Briggs before but he will not be my comeback fight.
“But I'm gonna sign him up anyway, for whenever I'm ready.
(Image: Tyson Fury/Twitter)
(Image: Tyson Fury/Instagram)
(Image: PA)
“Antonio Tarver too. Give some of these old ass b*tches something to fight for.”
The mention of Tarver, who will turn 50 in November, sparked a response from the former WBA, WBC, IBF and The Ring magazine light-heavyweight world champion.
He said: “Tyson why you're offering a man that's semi-retired a fight - you see me training sh** we have been out about the same time... pick a date, no tune-up needed - let's see if big man pretend he didn't see this tweet.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Reuters)
Asked who he is by a Twitter user, Tarver said: “I'm just an old has been that will still box circles around these top heavyweights and KO everything moving at cruiser.”
Fury responded and was quick to make clear that he intended no disrespect to The Magic Man, who starred in the 2006 Rocky Balboa film as Mason Dixon.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Fury said: “I see you champ! I see all you old ass guys, u can be another victim if u like, u want a contract too?
“By the way no disrespect to u, both inspirational to all men. I'll sign u all up.￼ God bless champ.”
Tarver appreciated the sentiment but still thinks Fury is bluffing.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
He said: “Well I know you're bluffing big guy but glad to know you replied just to save face but if you're serious about really seeing where you're at let's do it but don't waste my time like the rest of these cowards.”
Fury couldn't resist: “1 thing I'm not is a coward, I'm gonna fight you & Briggs great fights vs famous guys.”
With the start of the snow season 9 days away, snowmaking is in full swing as temperatures plummet and snow is falling across the Alps
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump promised Americans “the largest tax cut in our country's history.” But for low-income households, Trump's plan would amount to crumbs.
The poorest would get an average tax cut of about $60 a year, according to an analysis by the Tax Policy Center. Middle-income families would get about $300 on average.
“There's no significant benefit for low-income families,” said Elaine Maag, a senior research associate at the Tax Policy Center. “It's important because when low-income families get money they tend to spend it, putting it right back into the economy. High-income families tend to save it.”
Republicans have backed a budget resolution that would enable Congress to pass a tax package that could add up to $1.5 trillion to the national debt over the next decade.
The Tax Policy Center's analysis says most of the tax cuts would go to the wealthiest Americans. For example, the top 1 percent — families making about $700,000 a year — would get an average tax cut of $129,000. Tax breaks targeting the wealthy include lowering the top income tax rate from 39.6 percent to 35 percent, eliminating the alternative minimum tax, and doing away with the federal estate tax, which is only paid by people who inherit multimillion-dollar estates.
Congressional Republicans dispute that their plan would ultimately help wealthy families more than it would help the middle class. They note that the plan unveiled by Trump and GOP leaders last week is incomplete. The plan would reduce the number of tax brackets from seven to three, but it doesn't include the income levels for each tax bracket.
The plan would also increase the $1,000 child tax credit, but it doesn't say by how much. Those details are still being worked on.
“There is simply no way for TPC or anyone to deliver these kinds of specific estimates with the information provided in the framework,” said Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah.
“To get their estimates, they filled in blanks with numbers from other proposals, added a pile of exceptionally pessimistic and biased economic assumptions, and came up with a tax plan that, for all intents and purposes, is their own,” said Hatch, who chairs the Senate Finance Committee.
The Tax Policy Center says it filled in the blanks by taking numbers from a tax blueprint released by House Republicans. For example, the analysis assumes that the child tax credit would increase to $1,500.
Republican Sens. Marco Rubio of Florida and Mike Lee of Utah want to increase the child tax credit to $2,000. Rubio says doubling the credit is the best way to target tax relief for low- and middle-income families.
The main provisions that would affect low-income families are increasing the child tax credit and raising the standard deduction from $6,300 to $12,000. This would be partially offset by eliminating the $4,050 personal exemption.
Also, the lowest tax rate would increase from 10 percent to 12 percent, but the plan doesn't specify the income levels for each tax bracket.
In the Tax Policy Center's analysis, low-income families make less than $25,000 a year. That puts them in the bottom 20 percent of households.
An analysis by the conservative Tax Foundation noted the plan's lack of details. Nevertheless, it found only modest benefits for low-income families, increasing their annual incomes by an average of less than 1 percent.
The liberal Center for Budget and Policy Priorities argues that if adding to the national debt leads to spending cuts, low-income families could be worse off.
“By increasing deficits and debt, the tax cuts would intensify pressure, likely in the next several years, for steep budget cuts in programs that help low- and middle-income families,” wrote Sharon Parrott, a senior fellow at the center. “Most low- and middle-income children and their families would likely lose more from these budget cuts than they would gain from the tax cuts.”
One reason the poorest families wouldn't get much of a tax break is that many don't pay federal income taxes. About 44 percent of U.S. households pay no federal income tax, according to the Tax Policy Center. Most of these people pay other federal taxes, including payroll taxes.
However, when it comes to the income tax, most low-income families receive tax credits that are greater than the amount of taxes they owe. They receive the tax credits in the form of a tax refund, even though they paid no taxes.
Maag said this would not change under Trump's tax plan.
___
Follow Stephen Ohlemacher on Twitter at http://twitter.com/stephenatap
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Fed Slaps Unusual Penalty On Wells Fargo Following 'Widespread Consumer Abuses'
Enlarge this image toggle caption CX Matiash/AP CX Matiash/AP
In a rare move, the Federal Reserve announced Friday that it is restricting Wells Fargo's growth and demanding the replacement of four board members in response to "widespread consumer abuses and compliance breakdowns" at the bank.
"Until the firm makes sufficient improvements, it will be restricted from growing any larger than its total asset size as of the end of 2017," the Fed said in a statement. This is first time the Fed has placed a cap on the overall growth of a firm.
Wells Fargo says it has $1.9 trillion in assets.
The move to snuff its growth comes after the bank admitted in 2016 to creating potentially millions of fake bank accounts at the expense of unsuspecting customers.
NPR's Chris Arnold has reported a "toxic high-pressure sales culture at the bank" drove workers to dupe consumers all while helping the bank's bottom line.
The Fed said Friday that Wells Fargo's business strategy prioritized its own growth at the expense of risk management resulting in compliance breakdowns. It is ordering the bank to "improve its governance and risk management processes, including strengthening the effectiveness of oversight by its board of directors."
In the meantime, Wells Fargo is permitted to continue accepting customer deposits and make consumer loans, the Fed said.
Wells Fargo said complying with the consent order is its number one priority and has already taken steps get there. It plans to present a plan for improvement to the Fed within two months.
CEO Tim Sloan said in a statement, "Although one part of the consent order restricts our company's asset growth, we remain financially strong and flexible and are confident we can fully serve your needs."
But the bank estimated that its total earnings could drop by as much as $400 million this year.
The move represents Fed Chair Janet Yellen's swan song. Saturday is her last day as head of the Fed when she steps down to make way for Jerome Powell, who takes over on Monday.
"We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank and the consumers harmed by Wells Fargo expect that robust and comprehensive reforms will be put in place to make certain that the abuses do not occur again," Yellen said in a statement.
Speech to Text for Break-in at the Vigo County Highway Garage
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
that has authorities sifting through evidence.. and looking for a suspect. police say a man broke into the vigo county highway department overnight. now.. "5"-trucks and the garage's gate need fixed. and as news 10's jon swaner explains, one truck was even found in sullivan county destroyed by fire. ///////// when the guys at the south highway garage came to work tuesday morning, this is how they found their south gate. "it was just a normal day..." "and when they got ready to go to work, they came out to open up the gate and saw there wasn't any gate!" the guys then started checking equipment. they found five trucks had damaged ignitiions. one even still had a screwdriver stuck in its ignition. "it was the older trucks that's easier to break into the key system." the man eventually hot-wired one of the trucks. he then used it to drive through the south gate. that truck was found in sullivan county destroyed by fire. "we've had some break-ins in the past, but nothing like this." the guys repaired the south gate. fixing the trucks will take longer. because trucks are the heart and soul of any highway department, these losses will hurt how much work they can get done. in vigo county, i'm jon swaner, news 10. ////////// the highway department handed over its surveilance video to the sheriff's office to see if it will help their investigation. if you have any information that can help authorities.. call crime stoppers. that number is 812-238-stop. continuing our crime alert this afternoon. "52"-year-old
An auxiliary bishop for the Diocese of Rockville Centre was part of a high-level delegation of Catholic bishops that made a two-day trip to the U.S.-Mexico border to highlight the plight of immigrants.
Bishop Robert Brennan, who speaks Spanish, said one of the eeriest parts of the trip was visiting the converted Wal-Mart in McAllen, Texas, where some 1,400 immigrant boys are being detained as a result of President Donald Trump's "zero tolerance" policy that prosecutes adults who illegally cross the border and sends their children to detention centers across the country.
The facility was clean and well-stocked, but the children seemed stunned and in a daze, said Brennan, who returned from the trip on Tuesday.
“You look around and you see the walls, and it looks like any kind of youth facility except when you look at the kids themselves. The kids don't look mistreated or anything like that,” Brennan said. But there was “a sense of being stunned. They're just going through the motions, and that is odd to see.”
“From a human level, it is incredibly sad,” he said.
It was not clear which of the boys had been separated from their parents and which had crossed the border alone — known as “unaccompanied minors,” Brennan said.
At another point, Brennan and other bishops celebrated Mass on what had been a loading dock at the Wal-Mart — now converted into a make-shift auditorium.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Some 2,300 children were separated, and most remain apart from their parents even though Trump rescinded the “zero tolerance” policy amid an outcry.
Ten of the children are under the care of MercyFirst, a Catholic organization based in Syosset that takes in troubled boys and girls.
The six-person delegation included some of the highest-ranking bishops in the U.S.: Cardinal Daniel N. DiNardo, archbishop of Galveston-Houston and president of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, the main umbrella group for bishops in the country.
DiNardo had cancelled a trip to Rome for a June 28 meeting of cardinals from around the world during which Pope Francis installed 14 new cardinals, Brennan said.
The delegation also included Archbishop Jose H. Gomez, archbishop of Los Angeles and vice president of the USCCB.
Brennan said he believes he was asked to go in part because the conference leadership wanted someone to represent the Northeast U.S., including Long Island, which has one of the largest concentrations of Central American immigrants in the country.
Besides the detention center in the converted Wal-Mart, now known as “Casa Padre,” the delegation also visited a federal processing center for newly detained immigrants here illegally. They also stopped at a respite center run by a Catholic nun who provides clothing, food and a place to bathe after immigrants are released from the processing center and headed to unite with relatives in the U.S.
Brennan said he opposes the separation policy. “I stand with all the bishops. We think that that is wrong,” he said. “We're glad it's been reversed.”
“However, we still consider it urgent to connect the children with their parents who have not yet been” reunited, he said. “That's still a large number.”
The trip was not mainly political, though. Rather, it was intended to be pastoral and to accompany immigrants in crisis, “to offer a word of encouragement, a word of hope, a word of welcome,” Brennan said.
“It was important because many of our own people [on Long Island] have made this trek themselves,” he said. “Seeing it firsthand gave me a greater appreciation of their experience and struggles along the way.”
DiNardo, at a bilingual Mass the group celebrated at the Basilica of Our Lady of San Juan del Valle, said, “The plan of the Lord is to always be attentive to what's right in front of Him. That's Jesus' way.”
At the respite center in McAllen, run by Sister Norma Pimentel, Brennan found a greater sense of hope than at the other locations. These immigrants were on their way to relatives throughout the country, though they had ankle bracelets for tracking and future court dates.
Few wanted to talk about their journey, “but when you spoke about what is in front of you, when you spoke about the hopes and the dreams…people would sort of light up,” he said.
One 12-year-old girl, sitting near her father, asked Brennan about snow because she had never seen it. When she said she was going to Philadelphia, Brennan told her in Spanish, “Vas a ver nieve” — “You are going to see snow.”
Brennan said he also found some complexity on the trip. Border patrol agents were not the coldhearted enforcers some envision, he said.
“They're all largely parents and they have those parental instincts,” he said. “Their hearts go out.”
Temple picks up four commitments after high school football camp May 27
Quinton Rose withdraws name from NBA draft and will return to Temple
Quinton Rose withdraws name from NBA draft and will return to Temple May 28
Marc Narducci has been covering sports for the Inquirer and Daily News since 1983. He has covered everything from South Jersey high schools to all the professional teams. Currently his main beat is Temple football and basketball. He also helps out on the pro beats and writes a weekly South Jersey high school column.
Raymond Gaddis (right) celebrates a goal with Ilsinho during the Union's 3-1 win over the Chicago Fire.
With more than a third of the Major League Soccer season completed, the Union are clearly playing their best soccer.
Facing a team they figure to battle for one of the six Eastern Conference playoff spots, the Union extended their unbeaten streak to four games with Wednesday's 3-1 win over the Chicago Fire before 14,805 at Talen Energy Stadium.
Now 3-0-1 in the past four games, the Union (5-5-3) are in seventh place in the East, one point behind New England.
Midfielder Borek Dockal was the best player on the field by a wide margin. Dockal had two assists and scored a goal on a penalty kick. He now shares the team goal-scoring lead with three and has a team-high six assists.
The Union appeared to receive some winning mojo from the NCAA champion Villanova basketball team, which was honored before the game.
A half of dominance finally paid off for the Union when Ilsinho scored after doing what he does best, breaking down a defender.
Actually it was multiple defenders. After taking a pass from Dockal, Ilsinho split Brandon Vincent and Bastian Schweinsteiger and fired from 12 yards out inside the far post for his third goal in the 45th minute.
“In my opinion, that was the key of the game,” Dockal said of Ilsinho's goal.
Chicago (4-7-2) was playing an unconventional man-to-man defense in the first half and that had to switch after Ilsinho's goal.
“They needed to change the way they played and that was good for us,” Dockal said. “… In the second half, there was more space.”
Of course Ilsinho doesn't need much space with his array of one-on-one moves.
“We were looking for a situation like that one vs. one all first half,” said Ilsinho, who left in the 69th minute with a hamstring cramp. “They closed our space and made it difficult in the first half. I was looking for that ball all 45 minutes and thank God I had that one chance in the last minute and I scored.”
Before his goal, it appeared as if the Union's first-half dominance would be wasted. Two other times they had great scoring chances.
In the 20th minute, Alejandro Bedoya headed a Dockal free kick off the left post.
Chicago keeper Patrick McLain made an outstanding diving save on a Mark McKenzie header off a Dockal cross in the 30th minute. McKenzie would later exit the match with a right knee injury. After the game, coach Jim Curtin said McKenzie would have an MRI.
Dockal also set up the Union's second goal, sending a cross from just outside the box to Cory Burke, whose header beat McLain for his second goal of the season in the 51st minute.
Chicago got back in the game when an unmarked Alan Gordon tapped in a cross from Brandt Bronico in the 56th minute.
Chicago defender Kevin Ellis, covering an open goal in the 70th minute, blocked a shot by former Fire forward David Accam.
In the 82nd minute, Burke tipped a cross by Haris Medunjanin just wide as the Union continued applying pressure.
Burke earned the Union a penalty kick when he was taken down in the box by Vincent in the 86th minute. Dockal converted the penalty kick in the 87th minute to ice the game.
What Happens When Parents And Children Are Separated At The U.S.-Mexico Border With stories of family separation at the border in the news, NPR's Audie Cornish speaks with Denise Gilman, the lawyer for a one woman who's in detention, thousands of miles from her two sons who crossed the border with her.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Apple has revealed its financial results from the last three months, and the firm's revenues and profits are the highest they've ever been.
In the last three months of 2017, Apple reported revenue of $88.3 billion (£62 billion).
This is an increase of 13 per cent from the same quarter in 2016, and an all-time record.
Apple also had a record quarterly profit of $20.1 billion (£14 billion), despite sales of the iPhone X falling short of estimates.
While Apple sold 78.3 million iPhones in the last quarter of 2016, the firm sold just 77.3 million devices in the final three months of 2017.
Thankfully for Apple, the iPhone X's higher price tag of £999 helped the firm to make increased profits, despite selling fewer devices.
Tim Cook , CEO of Apple said: “We're thrilled to report the biggest quarter in Apple's history, with broad-based growth that included the highest revenue ever from a new iPhone lineup.
“iPhone X surpassed our expectations and has been our top-selling iPhone every week since it shipped in November.
“We've also achieved a significant milestone with our active installed base of devices reaching 1.3 billion in January.
“That's an increase of 30 percent in just two years, which is a testament to the popularity of our products and the loyalty and satisfaction of our customers.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
I cannot believe how we lost this match, and more to the point what did Plymouth do to deserve all three points?
Argyle certainly had the run of the ball when it came to all the big decisions but they never looked a side chasing promotion and didn't really put Bristol Rovers under any concerted pressure considering they are one of the form teams in the division.
We were terrific in the first half and had the home defence in panic stations for long periods with their wild clearances. The rapid closing down by the hardworking Stuart Sinclair and Ellis Harrison often caught defenders in possession while goalkeeper Remi Mathews was one of the worst offenders. He was lucky not to get booked for one challenge on the edge of the area in the first half while he did get a yellow for another wild sortie outside his box late in the game.
Chris Lines took his goal superbly as the Green Army wall offered little defence to the free-kick which rifled into the bottom corner. Then in typical Rovers fashion they conceded the equaliser from Argyle's only real attempt of the first period which seemed to take an age to drift into the top corner. It was a soft goal and certainly against the run of play.
However Argyle's defenders were still feeling generous and Harrison didn't let them get away with more hesitancy as he swooped to give us the half-time lead we deserved. But deep down, just like in last week's game against Northampton, our dominance in the first 45 minutes should have seen us more than one in front and the misses again came back to haunt us.
The first soft penalty came as Moses Makasi was virtually going over the touchline, but justice was done thanks to a great diving save by Rovers' number one Sam Slocombe. It is still hard to believe he has spent most of the season on the bench. Don't get me started on that one.
But just minutes later Slocombe must have wondered what he did to deserve an attempted block by Ollie Clarke deflect wickedly past him. The second soft penalty was apparently awarded for Tom Lockyer pushing into the back of Yann Songo'o yet the centre-back went down holding his face.
It is tough looking at the league table to see Argyle with seven more points than us. We must be due a change of fortune against Peterborough. The play-offs now look a distant dream but a few soft penalties against that nice Barry Fry's side would be a good start.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Andres Escobar's brother has expressed fears for Colombia's squad after their World Cup exit to England.
Escobar was murdered in Medellin just 10 days after netting an own goal which saw his country exit the 1994 World Cup in a 2-1 defeat to the USA.
His brother, Sachi, called for changes to the law which can see the 'low-life' who threaten people on social media to be jailed.
(Image: Getty)
Speaking on the anniversary of his brother's death, he told the Colombian media (via Birmingham Live ): “As a brother who has gone through this, I know what must be going through their heads, and I wouldn't want anyone to go through that.
“Carlos must be feeling both sad for the mistake he made, and very afraid, and his family too.
“My brother never received any threats, they just shot him dead in the most cowardly way.
"The fact that people are still allowed to say these things on social network sites, even threaten his with death, making players and their families fear for their lives, shows me that nothing good came out of Andres' death, nothing was learned.
“These people are just low-life who are not real Colombian football fans, who should be arrested and thrown into jail. But despite what happened to Andres there are still no laws in the country to stop them.”
WASHINGTON: Facebook shares plunged Monday as the social media giant was pounded by criticism at home and abroad over revelations that a firm working for Donald Trump's presidential campaign harvested and misused data on 50 million members.
Calls for investigations came on both sides of the Atlantic after Facebook responded to explosive reports of misuse of its data by suspending the account of Cambridge Analytica, a British firm hired by Trump's 2016 campaign.
Democratic Senator Amy Klobuchar and Republican John Kennedy called for Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg to appear before Congress, along with Google and Twitter's CEOs.
The lawmakers said the companies “have amassed unprecedented amounts of personal data” and that the lack of oversight “raises concerns about the integrity of American elections as well as privacy rights.”
Facebook's chief of security Alex Stamos said his role has shifted to focusing on emerging risks and election security at the global social network.
Stamos revealed the change after The New York Times reported that he was leaving Facebook in the wake of internal clashes over how to deal with the platform being used to spread misinformation.
“Despite the rumors, I'm still fully engaged with my work at Facebook,” Stamos said in a message posted on his verified Twitter account.
“It's true that my role did change. I'm currently spending more time exploring emerging security risks and working on election security.”
Stamos advocated investigating and revealing manipulation of news at the social network by Russian entities, to the chagrin of other top executives, the Times reported, citing unnamed current and former employees.
Profiles weaponized?
Senator Ron Wyden asked Facebook to provide more information on what he called a “troubling” misuse of private data that could have been used to sway voters.
Wyden said he wants to know how Cambridge Analytica used Facebook tools “to weaponize detailed psychological profiles against tens of millions of Americans.”
In Europe, officials voiced similar outrage.
Vera Jourova, the European commissioner for justice, consumers and gender equality, called the revelations “horrifying, if confirmed,” and vowed to address concerns in the United States this week.
According to a joint investigation by The New York Times and Britain's Observer, Cambridge Analytica was able to create psychological profiles on 50 million Facebook users through the use of a personality prediction app that was downloaded by 270,000 people, but also scooped up data from friends.
Cambridge Analytica denied misusing Facebook data for the Trump campaign.
Elizabeth Denham, Britain's Information Commissioner who regulates the sector in the country, announced her office would seek a court warrant on Tuesday to search Cambridge Analytica's computer servers.
She said the company had been “uncooperative” to requests for access to its records and missed a Monday deadline stipulated.
Meanwhile, Facebook said it has hired a digital forensics firm to examine how the data leak occurred and to ensure that any data collected had been destroyed.
Facebook shares skidded 6.8 percent by the close of the Nasdaq on concerns about pressure for new regulations that could hurt its business model.
Shares slipped another percent or so to $170 in after-market trades.
The sell-off spread to other technology giants on Wall Street including Apple, Google-parent Alphabet and Netflix. Asian markets extended the losses, with Tokyo-listed Sony down, Samsung falling in Seoul and Tencent retreating in Hong Kong.
‘Self-regulation not working'
Jennifer Grygiel, a Syracuse University professor who studies social media, said the disclosures will increase pressure to regulate Facebook and other social media firms, already under scrutiny for allowing disinformation from Russian-directed sources to propagate.
“Self-regulation is not working,” Grygiel said.
Daniel Kreiss, a professor of media and communications at the University of North Carolina, said Facebook failed to live up to its responsibilities on election ads.
“The fact that Facebook seems to make no distinction between selling sneakers and selling a presidential platform is a deep problem,” Kreiss said.
Brian Wieser at Pivotal Research maintained that the revelations highlight “systemic problems at Facebook,” but that they won't immediately impact the social network's revenues.
David Carroll, a media professor at the Parsons School of Design, said Facebook and others will soon be forced to live with new privacy rules such as those set to take effect in the European Union.
“Facebook and Google will have to ask users a lot more permission to track them,” Carroll said. “Most people are going to say no, so I think it's going to have a huge impact on these companies.”
Carroll has filed a legal action in Britain calling on Cambridge Analytica to disclose what data was gathered and used on him.
An undercover investigation of Cambridge Analytica by Britain's Channel 4 said executives boasted they could entrap politicians in compromising situations with bribes and Ukrainian sex workers, and spread misinformation online.
The executives claimed to have worked in more 200 elections across the world, including Argentina, the Czech Republic, India, Kenya and Nigeria.
The British firm said it “strongly denies” the claims from Channel 4 as well as reports on misuse of Facebook data.
“Facebook data was not used by Cambridge Analytica as part of the services it provided to the Donald Trump presidential campaign,” a statement read. —AFP
A New Haven man has been found guilty of murder for shooting another man in the face during an argument over a bag of marijuana.
WASHINGTON -- President Trump signs S. 204, the “Right to Try Act” Wednesday afternoon.
In March, the House passed legislation aimed at giving seriously ill patients increased access to investigational drugs, a bill championed by Vice President Mike Pence.
"Right to Try" is named for Jordan McLinn, a second grader from Indianapolis who advocated in Washington for the bill alongside Pence.
The bill will let patients who are near death, or who have a disease that is likely to lead to severely premature death, potentially access drugs that have gone through only preliminary testing on humans. They would have to be ineligible for a clinical trial and have already tried other available treatments.
USA TODAY is providing live coverage of the bill signing in the player above starting at 12:15 pm ET.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Eileen Gabaldon talks about her experience applying for Social Security disability benifits after her husband suffered a major heart attack. He died while he was waiting for a decision to be made on his disability benefits. Rodger Mallison rmallison@star-telegram.com
click to enlarge Screenshot
"One of the reasons I'd become interested in the Bessinger story is that it struck me as a small, imperfect test case for how to act in our political moment. Of the many moral issues that have beset Americans since November, one of the most nagging is that of the once beloved relative who appears at the Thanksgiving table spouting contemptible ideas. When something or someone you love troubles your conscience—when your everyday relationships are political acts—do you try to be a moderating force, or are you obligated to make a break entirely?"
To South Carolinians who care about barbecue, the controversial history of Maurice Bessinger (1930-2014) and his 'cue empire are no secret. The man behind West Columbia's Piggie Parks was also a vocal white supremacist who hoisted the Confederate flag above his businesses and fought against desegregation.Today that history gets a closer inspection courtesy of. Picking up wherefood editor Kathleen Purvis left off in her December 2016 feature " Can a S.C. barbecue family rise above their father's history of racism? ," the magazine investigates the reaction to Bessinger's restaurants following his 2014 death.In 2007, Bessinger's son Lloyd became the face of the business and has worked to distance the brand from his father's past. As he told, "Dad liked politics. That's not something we're interested in doing. We want to serve great barbecue."But can a son escape the sins of his father? With the flag down and the racist political pamphlets gone, can we eat at Piggie Park now?Writer Lauren Collins explains that this predicament is precisely why "barbecue might be America's most political food."Collins writes,Answer that question for yourself by reading her full story. And don't forget to note that bothcontributor and barbecue historian Robert Moss and formereditor Chris Haire are quoted in the piece, although in a classic case of poetic injustice, Haire's killer line from his quasi Bessigner obit, “ Satan and his minions would slather his body in mustard-based BBQ sauce before they dined ” did not get a formal credit.
ndonesia MICE tourism market is set to surpass US$ 3.5 Billion by 2025.
The report “Indonesia MICE Industry Forecast and Spending to 2025” offers the most up–to–date industry data on the actual market situation and future outlook for Indonesia MICE tourism market. The report uses data and analysis to discuss potential lucrative opportunities and future trends related to Indonesia MICE travelers flow, revenue and main destination markets. The report provides clear insight into current and future tourism developments of the Indonesia MICE tourism market. Furthermore, this report uses country focused analysis to explore Indonesia MICE tourism market.
A detailed country–wise analysis of the market is provided, covering a total of 17 nations. The research study also limelight growth drivers and investigates market inhibitors of Indonesia MICE tourism market.
The countries included in this report are Singapore, Malaysia, China, Japan, Korea, Philippines, Taiwan, Hong Kong, India, Thailand, Australia, Netherlands, United Kingdom, Germany, France, Russia and UnitedStates.
Key Findings:
• Indonesia aggressively tapping MICE tourism market
• Indonesia MICE tourism marketis predicted to grow at a CAGR of over 15% from 2018 to 2025
• China grasp the highest market revenue share by 2025
• Malaysia and Singapore capturemaximum arrival share in 2018
The Latest Industry Data Included in this Report:
• Indonesia MICE Travelers Market & Forecast (2013 – 2025)
• Indonesia MICE Travelers Arrival & Forecast (2013 – 2025)
• Indonesia MICE Travelers Arrival Share & Forecast (2013 – 2025)
• Indonesia MICE Travelers Revenue Share & Forecast (2013 – 2025)
• 17 Countries Indonesia MICE Travelers Arrival & Forecast (2013 – 2025)
• 17 Countries Indonesia MICE Travelers Revenue & Forecast (2013 – 2025)
• Identification of Key Market Drivers and Inhibitors of the Indonesia MICE Tourism Market
German archbishop Hans-Josef Becker will let Protestant spouses of Catholics living in his diocese receive holy communion “in individual cases.”
He presented his interpretation of the German bishops' conference “pastoral guidance“at a meeting of the Council of Priests of the Archdiocese of Paderborn last week.
He says he told his presbyteral council that the pastoral guidance offers spiritual help for the decision of conscience in individual cases, along with pastoral care.
He also told the council he has “formulated the expectation that all pastors in the archdiocese would familiarise themselves intensively with the guidance document and would act in a spirit of pastoral responsibility.”
Stressing that this expectation does not constitute a “general permission” to receive holy communion, he explained his thinking.
Inter-denominational marriage is “denomination-uniting,” he says.
Through their baptism, their Christian faith and their sacrament of marriage, two Christians in such [Catholic/Protestant] marriages “are united.”
The Protestant spouse in such cases may have a longing and a strong desire to receive the Eucharist and therefore it is “a matter of arriving at a responsible decision of conscience,” Becker says.
Source
News category: World.
Bryce Harper was hurt over the weekend when he stepped on first base. Harper suffered a bone bruise and is likely done for the rest of the regular season. This is a big blow to Washington as Harper is 2nd in runs scored, 9th in hits, 8th in doubles, 6th in RBI and walks, 4th in home runs, batting averaged and OBP.
The good news is that Washington Nationals are far enough ahead of the rest of the NL East and far enough behind the Dodgers that it shouldn't affect the standings and Harper has a month and a half to recover before the playoffs. The bad news is that this could hurt Scott Boras' earning potential. Via ESPN:
“We go to great lengths with the soil to make sure it's not wet and there are drying agents on the ground,” Boras said. “I don't know what technology we apply or the studies that have been done on the composition of having a wet base. That's certainly something we need to look into. This injury was directly related to inclement weather and a player putting his cleat on the bag and it's slipping across because the surface was slick. “In the NBA, when a player hits the floor and there's perspiration on the floor, they clean it up immediately so the surface isn't slick. In baseball, we have no one cleaning the bags between innings during inclement weather. Is there observation as the game goes where they would stop and make sure the bag is dry? We don't do that. We don't take measures like that for player safety that could easily be accomplished by the grounds crew and the umpires' observations.”
Harper has one year left on his current deal and will become a free agent in the winter of 2018. He's looking at a contract somewhere in the neighborhood of a half-a-billion dollars. If a wet base messes up this payday, Scott Boras is going to be furious. Why do we even play baseball in the rain anyway? It's 2017. The NBA plays indoors. Why don't all baseball teams? And we need to give each umpire a hair dryer.
Baseball truly is amazing. The sport is well over 100 years old at this point and there's always something new that needs to be fixed. It's kind of incredible it took so long for someone to complain about the dryness of the bases.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cristiano Ronaldo's mother would like the Real Madrid superstar to snub a move to Paris Saint-Germain and return to Manchester United.
The Portuguese superstar fuelled talk of a sensational exit from the Bernabeu following the Champions League final last weekend, claiming there would be an announcement on his future soon.
Initial reports have suggested that United would be interested in taking Ronaldo back, but would be rivalled by free-spending Paris Saint-Germain.
Ronaldo's mum, Dolores Aveiro, who shared the joy of a third Champions League triumph in as many years with her son on the pitch following the game, has claimed that she would prefer a move to Manchester over Paris.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
In an interview with French TV, Aveiro said: "I like Paris. I come every now and again.
"The last time was when my son received the Ballon d'Or. It was a great honour. When I arrived I was treated well by everyone.
"Convince Cristiano to sign for PSG? To be honest, it wouldn't annoy me [if he did], but I would prefer him to return to Manchester United."
(Image: SFR Sport)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Since his comments following the Champions League final, Ronaldo has attempted to clarify his position with Real Madrid.
He said: "A player's personal things aren't the most important thing now, it might have been taken out of context but maybe I shouldn't have said what I said.
"But when you are honest, sometimes you say things that you don't mean to, but it's something that's been a long time coming.
(Image: PA)
"I'll talk in a week when I am with the national team because I don't want to take this top moment away from Real Madrid."
However, Ronaldo seemed to entirely contradict his previous comments at Real Madrid's trophy celebrations.
Grabbing the mic, he yelled: "Thank guys, see you next year."
Salon Studios reopens on Rt 32 #Franklin pic.twitter.com/i3hhnS6C21 — tina detelj (@tinadetelj) August 14, 2017
NORWICH, Conn. (WTNH) — The new year started out with devastation for several city businesses. A New Year's eve fire gutted much of the building at 598 West Main Street many had called home.
Among those left to try to pick up the pieces was Salon Studios. Dawn Mastronunzio owned the salon for nine years and had 13 hair stylists working with her.
Original Story: Fire destroys building in Norwich that houses 7 businesses
On the day after the fire her daughter Lisa Crawford told News 8 “It's surreal, unreal.” The second floor salon had collapsed down onto the first floor. Most everything was destroyed.
Now though Salon Studios is back in businesses in a new location on Route 32 in North Franklin. Today is officially its first day open. Although they did hold a soft opening Sunday for regulars.
Related Content: Norwich businesses look for new homes after New Year's day fire
Mastronunzio tells News 8 that nine of the hair stylists from the Norwich location are back, along with one new stylist. She's excited to start fresh and start in a new location.
Other Norwich salons took in the displaced stylists right after the fire.
News 8 will give you a look at the new location coming up.
Kevin Durant can do it, but the Kansas Jayhawks cannot.
Seven members of the Kansas women's rowing team have been suspended pending an investigation into their creation of fake social media profiles designed to skirt the school's rules on social media usage, the University Daily Kansan reports.
The suspensions came after the discovery of fake Instagram accounts, or “Finstas” as they are commonly known, by Kansas rowing coaches. In an email sent to the seven rowers on April 12 by Kansas coach Carrie Cook-Callen and provided to the Kansan, the rowers were accused of violating section 501 of the Kansas Athletics Policies and Procedures Manual. Among several other prohibited behaviors on social media that include showing use of alcohol, tobacco, and drugs on social media, section 501 of the manual states, “I will not create fake or alias social media accounts. I understand that any information placed on any social media site is a reflection of me, my team, Kansas Athletics and the University of Kansas.”
This has become a news story because the players have been suspended since last month, and they say the school isn't telling them what's going on and really seems to be taking its time getting to the bottom of what appears to be an open-and-shut matter.
“There's been basically no [communication]. I'm having to text coaches and they keep telling us that we're going to be treated as individuals, that not everyone has had their investigations by KU Athletics so they can't move forward,” said one of the rowers, a junior on the team. “But we've already missed [three] competitions, which is more than if you'd failed a drug test twice. And they won't give us a date for a meeting or when we can hear anything about when we can be unsuspended.”
They also say most of the other players on the team have fake social media accounts, and they don't understand why it's just the seven of them being disciplined.
Kansas, as schools often do in these situations, is not commenting. That being the case, my sympathies are for the athletes. They broke a rule, although not a very important one, and without an explanation from the school, it's hard to come up with an honorable justification for keeping them in the dark.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman has been airlifted to hospital following a fall from a height at an address in South Bristol.
The incident took place just before 2pm on Friday February 2 near the junction of Culverwell Road and Fair Furlong in Hartcliffe.
Avon and Somerset police responded to what was described as a "concern for welfare" call at around 1.48pm, along with the South Western Ambulance Service.
An air ambulance also attended, landing in the playing fields behind nearby Fair Furlong Primary School.
The woman was then taken by helicopter to the Bristol Royal Infirmary to receive further treatment.
A police spokesperson said that the woman had not suffered any life-threatening injuries but had a leg injury.
Neighbourhood PC Joe Iles tweeted about the incident, informing residents that someone had "fallen from a height".
A South Western Ambulance Service spokesperson said: "We were called at 2pm to attend an incident at an address in the Hartcliffe area of Bristol. We attended with an ambulance and helicopter.
"A female patient was taken by air to Bristol Royal Infirmary."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Everyone tells the occasional fib, whether it's to save someone's feelings or maybe cover up a mistake.
Research has even suggested that we are told up to 200 lies a day.
And while most people think they can get away with telling porkies, there are signs you can watch out for that might indicate someone is not being entirely truthful with you.
From blushing to babbling, here's the expert opinion on the telltale giveaways when someone is stretching the truth...
1. Skin tone
(Image: Getty)
"Blushing can be a sign, but not always, as some people go red just at the thought of being put under scrutiny. Look out for an absence of colour," says deception expert Darren Stanton.
"Blood gets pumped to other parts of the body when under stress, so lips can noticeably change and become paler or look thinner."
2. Posture
Liars try to shield themselves. You'll notice someone fold their arms, flick their hair, or put their hands to their face to create a barrier. "Watch their physical distance too, they may end up at right angles to you or subconsciously move away," advises Darren.
3. Anchor points
Look out for a jiggling leg, tapping fingers, or just looking down at their feet. When someone lies, one of their feet may turn and point in another direction – it's their wish to escape from the situation.
4. Pitch
Does their voice go squeaky or unnaturally deep? Some insurance companies already use Voice Risk Analysis software to spot people who might be giving false information.
It measures voice changes that are too difficult to distinguish with the naked ear, then the recorded conversation is put through to their fraud investigation department.
5. Avoiding the question
Private investigator Dan Ribacoff says question avoiders are often guilty people who believe that not directly telling falsehoods is a better route.
Asking a lover “did you cheat on me?” could glean the answer, “Why would I do that? I have you!” which isn't really a direct answer.
6. They talk about telling the truth
(Image: Getty)
Ribacoff suggests a massive warning klaxon goes off in your head if someone uses the word "honestly" often.
It could be their subconscious, but if they chuck it in there, doubt them - as well as “the truth is".
7. Giving way too much detail
When someone starts giving unnecessary and odd information – the bank was closed, there were geese on the line, that sort of thing.
They're usually overcompensating, and adding in false elements to make you ‘buy the lie'.
8. Expressions
A common sign is a micro-facial expression – lasting one-fifth of a second.
The face has 43 muscles which combine to create 10,000 possible expressions. Faking an emotion is hard and often gives a liar away.
Cliff Lansley, a body language expert at the Emotional Intelligence Academy, says: “If you ask someone to pose sadness they bring their brows down and jut out their bottom lip. That's fake sadness, it's the face a child pulls."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
9. Odd language
For example, if they refer to someone as him or her rather than using a name, they might be trying to distance themselves.
Linguistics expert Prof Dawn Archer, of Manchester Metropolitan University, says: “The classic example is Bill Clinton's famous line, ‘I did not have sexual relations with that woman'.”
Someone who is being truthful will sound more off-the-cuff, for instance Bill would have said, "I didn't have sex with Monica."
10. Slowing it down
How we speak is also revealing. Liars speak more slowly and briefly than people telling the truth, as lying requires more thought.
People who don't want you to know the true story are adept at "um," "you know" and "excuse me".
It's a sign that they're playing for valuable seconds until they can come up with the best lie to get you to fall for it.
While liars can rehearse their story thoroughly, an unexpected question or trying to recall details out of sequence can throw them.
11. 'Well...'
Former FBI Special Agent Jack Schafer points out the how the use of 'well' in response to a 'yes or no' question can be an indicator of deception.
He told The Muse : "When a person answering a direct question begins with 'well', it indicates that he or she is about to give an answer that he or she knows the questioner is not expecting."
12. Inconsistency
You'd think that inconsistency indicates someone telling a lie, but it's actually the opposite.
Most truthful people will remember additional details when asked to tell the story again - so the story will change.
It's all based on the theory, that when you re-tell a story you're actually remembering the last time you remembered it.
13. Superlatives
If they're using literally, tremendous, absolutely, it's a bit of a giveaway. Unless the word is appropriate, this is a clue that they are maybe exaggerating. It's a distraction technique.
14. Repeating the question
They may not have heard you, but it's more likely to be a stalling tactic, or a way of seeing what you actually know.
15. The way they say no
If someone says no and looks away, say no and close their eyes or say no with hesitation, stretch it out or a sing song manner then be suspicious.
Try and force someone to give a yes, no answer rather than give them an out.
16. If they can't remember what they said before
If they're telling the story again to you, or you quiz them afterwards and they can't recall it, then it's likely they were lying. Ask them to tell the story again, but backwards and you'll catch them out.
17. Weird emotions
Think terrible news, and them laughing at it.
This is often used by detectives - in murder cases. For example, one woman's daughter has died, she reacts angrily, raw emotion. The second murders her daughter, but when quizzed doesn't know quite how to react.
poll loading How often to do you lie? 0+ VOTES SO FAR At least once a day Once a week I'm pure as the driven snow, so never What's the truth
Is lying bad for your health?
"Yes," says deception expert Darren Stanton.
As well as these gesture or ‘tells', there are physiological symptoms, like changes in breathing, heartbeat and temperature.
Even a practised liar's body is likely to go into fight-or-flight mode, increasing adrenaline and building up stress. Regular stress causes high blood pressure , anxiety, excessive sweating and palpitations.
"Think of it like digging one hole," he says. "When you've metaphorically got all the earth from that hole, where do you put it?
"So you dig another hole, and before you know it you've got 14 or 15 holes and you can't keep up and you tend to unravel."
In America's Heartland, A Power Company Leads Charge For Electric Cars
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrea Hsu/NPR Andrea Hsu/NPR
In the world of electric cars, there's a chicken-and-egg problem: More people might buy electric vehicles, or EVs, if they were confident there would always be a charger nearby. And businesses might install more chargers if there were more EVs on the road.
Now, utilities are stepping forward to solve this problem, and not just in California or the Northeast. A $20 million project launched two years ago by investor-owned Kansas City Power & Light, whose service area straddles the Kansas-Missouri border, has turned a Midwestern metropolitan area into one of the fastest-growing electric vehicle markets in the country.
Find EV Charging Stations Enlarge this image Alternative Fuels Data Center / Screenshot by NPR Alternative Fuels Data Center / Screenshot by NPR Electric Vehicle Charging Station Locations : Lookup tool from the Department of Energy
: Lookup tool from the Department of Energy Plugshare: Community-updated lookup tool
"There's a little movement afoot here in the middle of flyover country," says Chuck Caisley, KCP&L's vice president for marketing and public affairs. "We're awfully excited about the prospect of this kind of transportation, and so we wanted to be catalytic to that."
At a time when Caisley estimates there were only 400 to 500 electric cars in the area, KCP&L announced it would install 1,000 charging stations throughout its service territory of more than 800,000 customers.
The stations are going up at workplaces, in apartment garages, at grocery stores, in city parking lots and malls, and near the baseball and football stadiums. The idea is to allow people to charge their cars as they do their cell phones, plugging in as they go about their daily lives.
For the first couple years, charging at the Clean Charge Network is free — and will remain free until at least this summer.
On a recent day, Sara and Adam Foote parked their car at a charging station in a public garage in Leawood, Kan., while they went for a drink. In the hour or so they spent in the bar, they added about 25 miles of charge to their Nissan Leaf, which they purchased 15 months ago.
"We've adapted our lifestyle, but I'd say that the charging stations — the abundance of them in Kansas City, has definitely made it very easy for us," Sara Foote says.
For KCP&L, this project is about clean energy and clean air, but it's also about selling more electricity without having to build more power plants. Caisley says KCP&L's power grid, which was built to work on hot summer days when air-conditioning use is at a maximum, is underutilized 80 percent of the time. Customers have already paid for the electrical grid and the power plants. A dramatic increase in electricity use would drive down KCP&L's per-unit cost, and could mean lower power bills for its customers.
"When you turn on an additional TV in your home, that's not enough to change that equation," Caisley says. "But when you talk about a segment [the auto industry] that's as much as 25 to 30 percent of the entire economy, and electrifying it, you're talking about a significant amount of increased electricity use, which means we're now using that infrastructure that customers have paid for so much more efficiently."
Caisley adds that the electricity the company is selling is getting cleaner all the time. Fossil fuels generate a declining share of the area's electricity. Nuclear and renewables account for nearly half of it.
"We just happen to sit in the Saudi Arabia equivalent of wind," he says.
KCP&L asked utility regulators in Missouri and Kansas for permission to add a 2- to 3-cent monthly fee to customers' bills to help pay for the installation and maintenance of the charging stations. Missouri regulators have yet to rule. Kansas regulators said no. They said the utility failed to prove a need for such an extensive network of charging stations, and they said KCP&L didn't make a compelling argument for why it should be taking the lead.
Calif. Rule Tries To Jumpstart Electric Car Market Calif. Rule Tries To Jumpstart Electric Car Market Listen · 3:45 3:45
"We think KCP&L is certainly free to roll out whatever Clean Car Network program they want. The question becomes whether or not they impose the costs on a captive consumer. Our take on that is, simply not," says David Nickel, consumer counsel with the Kansas Citizens' Utility Ratepayer Board, the state agency that represents the interests of utility customers.
A version of this played out on a much larger scale in California a few years ago. Initial regulatory resistance there gave way to a legislative mandate to provide charging infrastructure.
Despite the Kansas ruling, KCP&L has moved forward with money from its investors. The company has built 850 of the 1,000 charging stations it has planned.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrea Hsu/NPR Andrea Hsu/NPR
Overseeing this is Larry Kinder, founder and CEO of LilyPad EV. His company sells, installs and maintains charging stations for customers all over the country. KCP&L is his biggest customer by far.
From his home office in Overland Park, Kan., Kinder can monitor the stations his company has sold to see when they're in use and how long they're in use. Here's one measure of their abundance: At about 9 a.m. one weekday, only about 75 cars were charging at those 850 stations. But what Kinder has learned is: If you build it, they will come, and sometimes, very quickly.
Recently, a new charging station was installed outside an office building, and not two minutes after Kinder put it on the network, it was in use.
"Now, that was an employee who was sitting in his office, watching the electrician do the installation. He ran out, moved his electric car, plugged in and charged his car up," Kinder says. "It was wonderful."
Kinder, who has driven EVs since before they were sold commercially, says he's already thinking about what's needed next. For road trips, uninterrupted by long charging stops, there's a need for fast chargers that can add, say, 90 miles of range in a half-hour. Those are much more expensive to install. KCP&L and other companies have begun to invest along highway corridors.
"We're a little beyond Wild, Wild West, but I think not everything's laid out," Kinder says. "This is all still evolving. It will all still be evolving for 10 years, or more."
Air Canada has stopped flying directly from Ottawa to LaGuardia Airport in New York City.
Air Canada said Tuesday that as of March 26 it will instead offer flights from Ottawa to Newark airport in New Jersey, which is about 25 kilometres from Manhattan.
“The service will operate three times a day, as did the Ottawa-LaGuardia service, with convenient early morning, afternoon and evening departures from Ottawa,” said Air Canada spokesman Peter Fitzpatrick in a statement.
“We will continue to serve LaGuardia from Montreal and Toronto, so Ottawa customers do have the option to connect through either city to still travel to LaGuardia if that is necessary.”
Meanwhile, Delta announced that as of April 2, it will offertwice daily flights from Ottawa to LaGuardia.
“We continually examine our global network and add flying where we see compelling opportunities to serve our customers,” said Delta's Morgan Durrant.
Fitzpatrick said any Air Canada customers already booked on Ottawa-LaGuardia flights will be notified and switched to the Newark flights at no charge, or be given the option of a full refund.
What started out as a lighthearted interaction turned into something that left one driver inspired and two hitchhikers with a little more money in their pockets, even if they weren't any closer to their final destination.
Dwayne Gaulding was in Troutman, N.C., last week on his way to Virginia. That's where the former NASCAR team owner crossed paths with a pair of hitchhikers.
One of the hitchhikers was carrying a sign that read "77 South," while the other was holding a ukulele. Gaulding, the father of NASCAR Monster Energy Cup Series driver Gray Gaulding, stopped to "have a little fun with these guys," he wrote on social media.
Gaulding documented the interaction with a video, which he shared on Facebook.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"Got a couple of guys here laughing, having a good time," Gaulding said to the camera while talking to the hitchhikers, who told him they were from Georgia, originally, but were looking to get to Greenville. "You've got a sign that says 77 South. I'm headed north, to Virginia, so I'm no help to you guys."
While the hitchhiker with the ukelele was about to move along on what was clearly a bright, hot day, Gaulding offered a counterproposal.
"But, I don't know if y'all know a little 'Wagon Wheel?' If you play a little 'Wagon Wheel,' I might be able to help you with a little ... money."
On Facebook, Gaulding said that "Wagon Wheel" is his father's favorite song. So when these two disheveled, sweaty hitchhikers delivered a melodic and sweet rendition just for Gaulding, he was more than pleasantly surprised.
"Trust me they killed it!" Gaulding wrote.
He did more than offer the hitchhikers praise. He gave them some money for the roadside performance.
"Best 20$ I have spent in a long time!" Gaulding posted, adding a request for his followers. "Share this so these guys can inspire more people!"
As of Tuesday evening, the video had been viewed more than 36,000 times, while garnering thousands more shares, reactions and comments.
"With all the things going on in today's world, it's like give somebody a helping hand and good things will come back to you," Gaulding said of meeting the hitchhikers, according to wcnc.com. “Just be kind to people, show your love in your heart and good things go a long way."
Want to inspire a village? Ask people to make puppets.
That was the first step for Siminovitch-winning director Nadia Ross and her STO theatre company when they set out to create a show that would not only cultivate community spirit, but also travel well to other places and work in both official languages.
The result of their efforts is an all-ages feature film entitled The Twilight Parade, which premiered in Wakefield last weekend and is part of next week's undercurrents theatre festival in Ottawa. Eight live voice actors, including Postmedia crime reporter, Gary Dimmock, provide the dialogue as the movie runs.
On screen is a cast of puppets, each one hand-made by a resident of Wakefield. In retrospect, that was the easy part, according to Ross, who, with her team, had to come up with a script for the puppet characters and shoot a movie. Huge Challenge No. 1: doing it all on a $56,000 budget, $55,000 of which came from the Canada Council, with a $1,000 grant from the West Quebec municipality of La Peche.
“We've done this 70-minute movie on nothing,” says the 52-year-old artistic director, still sounding incredulous that they pulled it off. “It was really cobbled together and so many people helped out. We had so many moments of panic. When we didn't know how to do this or we needed help with that, we'd put the word out and someone inevitably showed up at the door with a solution. That really affected my jaded self. It was really touching.”
Fifty-four people in the Wakefield area responded to the make-your-own puppet challenge, representing a wide spectrum of ages and artistic abilities. The call went out in the fall of 2015, and folks had about three months to come up with their creations.
“Of course, you have puppets that are made out of toilet-paper rolls, all the way to puppets that are so beautifully done by professional artists,” says Ross, who lives in the Wakefield area. “The range is vast, and that helps create this atmosphere of community because no one is the same in a community. It was also using this combination of people who don't know what they're doing with people who do know what they're doing.
Related
“We were really able to access the imagination of a lot of people in a very efficient way and I think that comes out in the project. There's a lot of imagination and it's not all my imagination.”
Huge Challenge No. 2 was writing the script. That process took another eight months or so because Ross doesn't consider herself a writer and doesn't usually have a pre-written script. Much of her work is improv. To make it accessible to as many people as possible, she started with a classic Hollywood storytelling technique.
Ross summarizes the arc: “There's a hero who goes to another world, and along the way picks up something that's going to be useful to him. In that world, there's a transformation that occurs and he comes back to his own world with this new energy to make his own world go further.”
The technical side of making it into a movie presented Huge Challenge No. 3. “We soon ran into immense problems with shooting,” Ross says, detailing a learning curve that involved cameras, computers, digital storage and more.
“Then it was a five-month slog of shooting frame by frame. I had no idea it was going to be like that. What has happened to my life? At one point, it was ‘wake up at 8 a.m., make your bed, tell yourself you're a soldier and get to the studio.' There was a level of precision and detail that I don't necessarily have to go to in my work because it's live. I can futz a lot more. There were moments of true despair that we didn't know how we'd keep going, and then the right person would show up.”
What did keep her going? “Pure Quebec Catholic guilt,” Ross says, only half-joking. “My obligation to my neighbours and friends. I didn't want to let them down. They had given a lot and taken a risk by offering something they had made and so I wanted to make them proud. I wanted them to feel good about being involved in the arts.”
The stress was worth it, she says now, and there is a future for the production. It was designed to be feasible for other communities to mount, with their own live voice actors, in either French or English.
“One of the challenges I set up for myself was to do a touring show where you don't have to tour 10 or 12 people and technicians because that's hugely expensive,” Ross said. “With this, I can press ‘send' and the video goes to another city and they can find the voice actors if they want, if they don't have a lot of money and want to do a show with more than one person. That's why you're getting all these one-person shows, people can't afford more than that. This is a way to get a bigger show into a small community. That was one of the challenges that worked out.”
The Twilight Parade
STO Union Production, created by Nadia Ross and the people & puppets of Wakefield, Que. and area
Directed by: Nadia Ross
Performed by: Carolina Bookless, Michael Clarke, (Postmedia reporter) Gary Dimmock, Jeffrey Ferguson, Anouk Michelle Grégoire, Shaista Latif, Michael Mckinnell, Sheena Turcotte and the puppets of Wakefield
When: Feb. 9-10 and 16-17
Where: Arts Court Theatre, 2 Daly Ave.
Tickets and times: undercurrentsfestival.ca
DETROIT (AP) -- Taijuan Walker pitched five sharp innings in his return from the disabled list, and the Arizona Diamondbacks won their fourth straight game, 2-1 over the Detroit Tigers on Wednesday night.
Walker (5-3) allowed a run and six hits in his first appearance since May 19. He had been out because of a blister on his right index finger.
The Diamondbacks scored two runs in the first inning, and that turned out to be all they needed. Walker was lifted after 82 pitches, but Randall Delgado pitched three scoreless innings of relief. Fernando Rodney struck out the side in the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances.
Jordan Zimmermann (5-5) allowed two runs and six hits in eight innings.
Arizona is 9-1 in interleague play this season. The lone defeat was at home May 10 against Detroit.
Copyright Associated Press 2017. All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A baby girl nearly died after being fed eggs unwittingly laced with the rave drug ketamine, it has been revealed.
The meal was cooked in dishes that had been used to prepare the notorious horse tranquilliser, better known as 'Special K'.
The 10-month-old , her brother and grandmother were all discovered unconscious at home by a family member and rushed to hospital by ambulance.
The baby was stiff and struggling for breath when she arrived at Riley Hospital for Children, Indianapolis.
(Image: SWNS)
She spent six days in a coma on a life support machine after emergency surgery to cut bone from her skull to relieve brain swelling.
Neurosurgeon Dr Daniel Fulkerson explained: "The child was served eggs that were cooked in the same dishes used to prepare the drug.
"The child vomited after eating the eggs and then went back to bed. The other two also ate eggs prepared with the same dishes."
Urine tests on all three patients confirmed they had consumed ketamine. Hospital staff managed to revive the boy and woman.
But the baby suffered permanent damage to an area of the brain that controls muscles.
However, doctors said this was not causing any visible problems and her overall recovery had been miraculous.
The case is reported in the Journal of Neurosurgery: Paediatrics.
It is so unique the team released X-ray images to warn of the dangers of recreational ketamine.
Latest Home Office figures suggest about 95,000 Brits a year use it.
Initially, carbon monoxide poisoning was suspected. Then police realised all the victims had eaten from dishes on which tobacco leaves had been soaked in the class B party drug.
Users apply a solution of the drug to the leaves and allow them to dry, resulting in a prepared dose in 'ketamine cigarettes.'
Dr Fulkerson said: "A police investigation showed family members were producing a drug of abuse in the house composed of tobacco leaves soaked in ketamine, called 'Kommon'."
Ketamine is mostly sold as a white powder snorted through the nose like cocaine. But some people smoke it.
The drug makes people feel euphoric by boosting blood flow to the brain. It can cause hallucinations and has been linked to dozens of deaths in the UK.
(Image: Google)
Dr Fulkerson said: "Ketamine abuse is increasing because of its popularity as a recreational party drug that induces relaxation and euphoria.
"In the United Kingdom, the number of ketamine-related deaths increased by ten times from 1999 to 2008."
Scans revealed severe swelling in the bottom half of her brain.
This was blocking the normal flow of cerebrospinal fluid - a critical condition that causes rapid death. A drain was fitted to divert the fluid, prior to the skull operation. The bone was not replaced.
The infant's neurological condition slowly improved, and life support was removed six days later. In two weeks she was participating in rehabilitation exercises and the drain was replaced with a small tube implant.
Six months later brain scans showed the cerebellum, which coordinates and regulates muscle movement, was irreparably damaged.
But her coordination was normal and, other than a minor speech delay, she was meeting all appropriate developmental milestones.
Dr Fulkerson said: "Clinically, the child made a remarkable recovery. One year after her presentation, she was ambulatory, moved all extremities symmetrically and had no spasticity.
"She has exhibited a mild speech delay, but otherwise has met all age appropriate developmental milestones. The tube has been removed and she is able to tolerate a regular diet."
He added: "We are very excited the child has recovered well following this life threatening event.
"Unfortunately, we fear cases like this will continue to occur, as we have seen a dangerous rise in drug use in our state and in the nation.
"Innocent kids are often affected. We hope this case shines some light on this particular exposure and helps other medical facilities recognise these unique findings."
Ketamine is registered for use in children, adults and animals as an anaesthetic, but only used in an emergency, because of its euphoric side effects. These have made it attractive to people seeking highs.
Dr Fulkerson said: "Ketamine abuse has increased significantly in the United States, the United Kingdom and many countries in Asia."
Ketamine was first banned as a recreational drug in 2006. In the UK it was upgraded from a Class C drug to a Class B in 2014 after being linked to 93 fatalities in England and Wales between 2005 and 2013.
People caught with it now face up to five years in prison - and dealers up to 14 years.
Its mind-altering effects have made it popular. The hallucinatory experience is commonly known as being K-holed.
It was discovered in 1962 and was used in casualty clearing stations in the Vietnam war as an anaesthetic.
But it was not until the late 1980s and the arrival of rave culture it really took off as a recreational drug.
Overuse can damage the drug-takers' bladder and liver.
A new model proposes that the oceans of Mars formed before or at the same time as Mars' largest volcanic feature, Tharsis, instead of after Tharsis formed 3.7 billion years ago. Because Tharsis was smaller at that time, it did not distort the planet as much as it did later, in particular the plains that cover most of the northern hemisphere and are the presumed ancient seabed. The absence of crustal deformation from Tharsis means the seas would have been shallower, holding about half the water of earlier estimates.
A new scenario seeking to explain how Mars' putative oceans came and went over the last 4 billion years implies that the oceans formed several hundred million years earlier and were not as deep as once thought. The proposal by geophysicists at the University of California, Berkeley, links the existence of oceans early in Mars history to the rise of the solar system's largest volcanic system, Tharsis, and highlights the key role played by global warming in allowing liquid water to exist on Mars.
"Volcanoes may be important in creating the conditions for Mars to be wet," said Michael Manga, a UC Berkeley professor of earth and planetary science and senior author of a paper appearing in Nature this week.
Those claiming that Mars never had oceans of liquid water often point to the fact that estimates of the size of the oceans don't jibe with estimates of how much water could be hidden today as permafrost underground and how much could have escaped into space. These are the main options, given that the polar ice caps don't contain enough water to fill an ocean.
"The assumption was that Tharsis formed quickly and early, rather than gradually, and that the oceans came later," Manga said. "We're saying that the oceans predate and accompany the lava outpourings that made Tharsis."
It's likely, he added, that Tharsis spewed gases into the atmosphere that created a global warming or greenhouse effect that allowed liquid water to exist on the planet, and also that volcanic eruptions created channels that allowed underground water to reach the surface and fill the northern plains.
The model also counters another argument against oceans: that the proposed shorelines are very irregular, varying in height by as much as a kilometer, when they should be level, like shorelines on Earth.
This irregularity could be explained if the first ocean, called Arabia, started forming about 4 billion years ago and existed, if intermittently, during as much as the first 20 percent of Tharsis's growth. The growing volcano would have depressed the land and deformed the shoreline over time, which could explain the irregular heights of the Arabia shoreline.
Similarly, the irregular shoreline of a subsequent ocean, called Deuteronilus, could be explained if it formed during the last 17 percent of Tharsis's growth, about 3.6 billion years ago.
"These shorelines could have been emplaced by a large body of liquid water that existed before and during the emplacement of Tharsis, instead of afterwards," said first author Robert Citron, a UC Berkeley graduate student. Citron will present a paper about the new analysis on March 20 at the annual Lunar and Planetary Science conference in Texas.
Tharsis, now a 5,000-kilometer-wide eruptive complex, contains some of the biggest volcanoes in the solar system and dominates the topography of Mars. Earth, twice the diameter and 10 times more massive than Mars, has no equivalent dominating feature. Tharsis's bulk creates a bulge on the opposite side of the planet and a depression halfway between. This explains why estimates of the volume of water the northern plains could hold based on today's topography are twice what the new study estimates based on the topography 4 billion years ago.
Manga, who models the internal heat flow of Mars, such as the rising plumes of molten rock that erupt into volcanoes at the surface, tried to explain the irregular shorelines of the plains of Mars 11 years ago with another theory. He and former graduate student Taylor Perron suggested that Tharsis, which was then thought to have originated at far northern latitudes, was so massive that it caused the spin axis of Mars to move several thousand miles south, throwing off the shorelines.
Since then, however, others have shown that Tharsis originated only about 20 degrees above the equator, nixing that theory. But Manga and Citron came up with another idea, that the shorelines could have been etched as Tharsis was growing, not afterward. The new theory also can account for the cutting of valley networks by flowing water at around the same time.
"This is a hypothesis," Manga emphasized. "But scientists can do more precise dating of Tharsis and the shorelines to see if it holds up."
NASA's next Mars lander, the InSight mission (Interior Exploration using Seismic Investigations, Geodesy and Heat Transport), could help answer the question. Scheduled for launch in May, it will place a seismometer on the surface to probe the interior and perhaps find frozen remnants of that ancient ocean, or even liquid water.
The Daily Galaxy via University of California - Berkeley
Most Popular Space & Science Headlines
"Alien Minds" --'Artificial Intelligence Is Already Out There, and It's Billions of Years Old' (VIDEO)
"Point of No Return" --MIT Scientist Predicts the Event Horizon for Earth's 6th Mass Extinction
A Neutron Star Collision in Our Milky Way Neighborhood Could Destroy Earth
"300-Million Nuclear Bombs" --New Insights Into Global Impact of Titanic Chicxulub Mass-Extinction Event
Stephen Hawking: Wake Up, Science Deniers! --"Earth is Morphing into Venus" (WATCH Today's 'Galaxy' Stream)
"Evolutionary Leap?" AI is Mimicing the Human Brain --"But Several Orders of Magnitude Faster and More Efficiently
China Creates a Laser of Mind-Boggling Power --"Could Rip Space Asunder, Breaking the Vacuum"
"Stop Saying That Dinosaurs Went Extinct. They Didn't"
New Delhi: As unusual as it may sound...but yes it is a record! Rodley Cricket Club is reckoned to have created a unique world record and has been considered by the Guinness Book. They delivered the most number of overs within a timeframe of 24 hours.
The players of the club batted and bowled 2000 overs, all through the night, in an attempt to set a new world record, as per reports on BBC. This was, however, not their first attempt at any record. Back in August 2016, the club bowled 734 overs in a span of eight hours with around 33 bowlers involved in the attempt.
Alex Riddle, who was part of the match for about 11 hours, said, "We bowled like maniacs overnight and we beat 2,000.
"I bowled the 2,000th over at 06:50 and then went to sleep on the sofa for an hour and a half. I'm really, really pleased but really, really tired," he added.
Riddell further added, "We love a challenge. After smashing last year's amazing world record we thought: 'How can we top that this year?' The answer was obvious - go bigger and better!"
The chairman of the Bradford and District League club, Steve Bradbury, said,"It's amazing that we could be double Guinness World Record holders.
"Until three years ago we had no clubhouse, 30 players and no junior teams.
"Now we're proud to have a cracking clubhouse, three senior teams and five junior sides with over 80 kids playing cricket regularly."
Rhys Hoskins has a fractured jaw, likely headed to the disabled list May 30
Phillies starting pitcher Zach Eflin stands on the mound as Dodgers outfielder Matt Kemp rounds the bases on Wednesday.
LOS ANGELES — Gabe Kapler had friends from back home in Southern California text him earlier this week and alert him that they had tickets to see his Phillies play Thursday afternoon at Dodger Stadium.
“I'm like ‘Awesome. You get to see Nola vs. Kershaw.' That's a pretty good matchup,” Kapler said. “That's kind of cool as a baseball fan.”
It was a good thing that Kapler's buddies weren't holding tickets to Wednesday night's 8-2 drubbing by the Dodgers. Thursday's series finale is lining up to be a clash of two of the National League's premier pitchers as Aaron Nola and Clayton Kershaw face off. But Wednesday night was just a clunker.
Zach Eflin gave up five runs in four innings and the Phillies did not score a run until they trailed by seven. Victor Arano allowed two runs and Mitch Walding, who made his major-league debut after flying into L.A. earlier in the day, struck out four times. The Phillies were lifeless. To salvage a split of the four-game series, they will need Nola to outduel Kershaw, who is returning from the disabled list.
“That's going to be exciting,” Kapler said.
Perhaps the Phillies were due for a dud like the one Eflin threw, as he allowed seven hits, including a pair of homers. Their rotation entered the night with a 1.98 ERA over the last 21 games, the lowest mark in baseball over that stretch. The Phillies starters allowed two runs or fewer in all but three of those games. A night like Wednesday was coming.
Eflin has a 7.53 ERA over his last three starts and is beginning to show some cracks after returning to the majors this season with such promise. The righthander allowed just one run in his first 12 2/3 innings since being promoted from triple A. He changed his attitude on the mound, pitching with more aggression at the urging of his coaches, and he altered where he stands on the pitching rubber. The fixes seemed to work. But now that promise is being tested.
Cole Irvin, a 24-year-old lefthander, came one out shy of a shutout on Wednesday night as he pitched 2,680 miles away for triple-A Lehigh Valley. Irvin is pushing his way to the majors and could soon be promoted. Eflin's next start in Chicago could determine his standing in the rotation.
Nick Williams, who will receive regular playing time as Rhys Hoskins heals from a fractured jaw, homered in the seventh inning. It was Williams' fifth homer in his last 15 games. Jorge Alfaro doubled later in the inning but that was about all the Phillies could do.
The Phillies will be in third place on Thursday when Nola takes the mound. It was just five days earlier that they celebrated their move into first. But that place in the standings lasted less than 24 hours. No, Nola cannot get them back there, but he can send them to San Francisco — a series against a beatable team — with some confidence. And a ticket for Thursday is a bit hotter than the one punched on Wednesday.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The mystery of the nation's all-time favourite British TV crime drama is about to be solved.
The Radio Times have launched a poll based on a shortlist of the 50 shows, chosen by a panel of experts.
Full of cops and robbers, they span the decades, from Dixon of Dock Green, first broadcast in 1955, to modern day Line of Duty and Broadchurch.
Here our brilliant writers give a few clues to their prime suspect...
Amber Graafland
Luther
(Image: BBC)
The whole whodunit obsession has mercifully passed me by. There are so many, I find it completely overwhelming. But I have to confess getting sucked in by Luther. Idris Elba having pretty much everything to do with it.
Endless hours of watching him can hardly be classified as time wasted now can it? I continued watching way beyond the point of being terrified. Even if it meant I couldn't sleep without checking all the cupboards. And under the bed.
In the end I had to split the episodes into three parts. And even now I'm convinced there's someone living in my attic. Idris has a lot to answer for.
Jessica Boulton
Lovejoy
Long before Aidan Turner's Poldark, another dark-haired star was leaving middle-aged women hot under the collar on a Sunday night - cheeky chappy antiques dealer, Lovejoy.
And not only was Ian MacShane's wheeling-dealing conman full of charm, he was also pretty good at solving the odd crime, whether it was the ageing film star robbed of her treasures, the headmistress who was being blackmailed or the widow robbed of her husband's snuff box.
The crimes might not have been on par with the Hatton Gardens diamond heist, but just like today's shows like Castle and The Mentalist, it proved you didn't have to be a detective to put the bad guys behind bars.
Nigel Thompson
The Sweeney
(Image: Granada Television)
“Get yer trousers on, you're nicked!” The classic phrase that defined this 70s cops ‘n' robbers cracker.
About as politically incorrect as you could get, it shouted, boozed, pistol-whipped and swaggered its way across our TVs in a haze of burning rubber from a Ford Consul Granada MK1 GT (how I wanted one when I was old enough to drive). It was a world where criminals were ‘slags' and women always seemed to wear negligees.
But with John Thaw as DI Jack Regan and Dennis Waterman his oppo DS George Carter, the casting was stellar (or more likely Stella, given the time they spent in the pub).
“We're The Sweeney, son, and we haven't had any dinner.”
And we haven't had anything like it since. Which is probably for the best, Guv'nor.
Polly Hudson
Line of Duty
(Image: BBC)
There have been times watching Line Of Duty when I have been seriously worried about my health. Not so worried I considered, even for a millisecond, stopping watching it of course... but, still, worried.
After all, it can't be good for your heart to beat quite so fast, for a whole hour – and after every episode there's also backache to contend with, because you have been perched literally(itals) on the edge of your seat, and neckache, from straining forward anxiously, desperate not to miss anything.
At the end of series 3, a long-running, extremely compelling storyline was finally wrapped up – no spoilers here, obviously – and it was hard not to worry that the series would go off the boil. Instead it's only gone from strength to strength. Long may Line Of Duty continue... and, to clarify, by ‘long' I mean ‘forever' please.
Kevin Maguire
Midsomer Murders
(Image: ITV)
Staked to his lawn with croquet hoops and pelted to death with wine bottles catapulted by a replica Roman contraption was a bizarre way to go. No crime drama is more preposterous or better than Midsomer Murders, the pretty English villages rivalling war zones on the body count front.
I love the comedic nonsense of folk dying from frog poison, spinning to death in giant tumble dryers or crushed under enormous toppling stacks of old newspapers.
Replacing John Nettles' DCI Tom Barnaby with his cousin DCI John Barnaby, played by Neil Dudgeon, seamlessly maintained the warm embrace of death. Midsomer Murders isn't intellectually taxing or frightening but keeps you guessing.
Rachael Bletchly
Cracker
He was an obese, alcoholic, chain smoking, gambling addict with a potty mouth and a tortured personal life.
But Dr Edward “Fitz” Fitzgerald made Cracker the most gripping crime drama in British TV history.
Written and created by the great Jimmy McGovern it starred Robbie Coltrane as the sarcastic, charismatic psychologist and criminal profiler who could get inside the mind of a murderer and help cops “crack” the crime. But Cracker also showed the police as human, flawed characters working under intense pressure.
It was brilliantly gritty with a fantastic cast - Barbara Flynn as Fitz's long-suffering wife Judith, Geraldine Somerville as DS Jane Penhaligon and Christopher Eccleston and Ricky Tomlinson playing cops.
Guest stars like Robert Carlye, John Simm and Samantha Morton also made it fizz
“I drink too much, I smoke too much, I gamble too much. I AM too much,” said Fitz in one episode.
But I couldn't get enough of the cracking antihero.
They might not like OMB's approach, but a third of feds support gov't restructuring Top Story
Former UNFPA Executive Director remembered for his Family Planning advocacy
Georgetown, Guyana – (June 14, 2017) First Lady, Mrs. Sandra Granger, today, said that she was struck by former Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), the late Dr. Babatunde Osotimehin's commitment to women's rights and empowerment, his advocacy of family planning and the reduction of teenage pregnancy, cervical cancer and the elimination of the scourge of HIV/AIDS. She was speaking at a special memoriam service held by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) office for Dr. Babatunde, who passed away suddenly on June 4, 2017 at his home in West Harrison, New York, United States of America.
The 68 year-old Nigerian was a physician and global leader of public health and the empowerment of women and young people, with a strong focus on promoting human rights. His vision inspired global partners and heads of state to keep the health and rights of the world's women, girls and youth high on the global agenda.
Mrs. Granger believes that “with his passing, we have lost a strong and vocal advocate for women's rights and women's health.” The First Lady recounted that she first met Dr. Osotimehin last September, during the panel discussion on the Every Caribbean Woman Every Caribbean Child Initiative at the Clinton Global Fund Annual General Meeting, noting that she was impressed with his views on sexual and reproductive health and female genital mutilation and how these negatively affect the growth and development of women and girls and by extension, the economic and social development of countries. “I believe that Dr. Babatunde's support helped CARICOM to garner US$1.5M for the Every Caribbean Woman Every Caribbean Child Initiative at that panel discussion at the Clinton Global Fund Annual General Meeting,” the First Lady said.
United Nations Resident Coordinator, Ms. Mikiko Tanaka, in her brief remarks, urged that even as Dr. Osotimehin's death is being mourned, his ardent efforts to ensure the health and well-being of all, particularly families, be continued by his successors. “Dr. Babatunde was a great champion of health and well-being for all, women's empowerment and young people. His voice was invaluable over the years including his time as Nigeria's Minister of Health and Head of their AIDS agency, impressing for family planning, women's education, children's health and action on HIV/AIDS as vital ingredients in human progress,” she said.
Public Health Minister, Ms. Volda Lawrence, UNFPA Liaison Officer, Ms. Patrice LaFleur, Pan-American Health Organisation/World Health Organisation (PAHO/WHO) Country Representative, Dr. William Adu-Krow and other members of the Diplomatic Corps were present at the memorial service.
According to the UNFPA, Dr. Osotimehin's professional background was in health and medicine and he had extensive knowledge of the global and national frameworks and processes critical to UNFPA's work. After his appointment as UNFPA Executive Director, effective on January 1, 2011, he spearheaded efforts in the international community to advance the milestone consensus of the International Conference on Population and Development, held in Cairo in 1994.
Upon moving into his second term in 2015, Dr. Osotimehin introduced new reforms that increased the effectiveness and efficiency of UNFPA and outlined a more robust vision for improving the lives of women, adolescents and youth around the world with a focus on maternal health and voluntary family planning. He also steered UNFPA's humanitarian action and efforts around eliminating gender-based violence and other harmful practices. Dr. Osotimehin completed his medical studies at the University of Ibadan, Nigeria, in 1972 and received a doctorate in medicine from the University of Birmingham, United Kingdom, in 1979.
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chelsea will continue to support fans' concerns over the prospect of Premier League matches being switched to Christmas Eve for live television.
It is understood Sky is considering moving fixtures back a day from December 23 to fill its allocated Sunday afternoon slots.
The Premier League games selected for broadcast over the festive schedule are set to be confirmed on October 16.
Arsenal are set to host Liverpool on Saturday December 23, while Chelsea are currently scheduled to head to Everton. It has been suggested both games could be chosen for live coverage.
Before the international break, Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp called on Sky to seriously to consider the implications of scheduling a match on a date which he believes fans will have no appetite for.
(Image: AFP/Getty)
(Image: Ian MacNicol)
"I really cannot imagine that anyone wants to watch football on that night," he said.
Arsenal is mindful of the issues hosting the match on Christmas Eve would present, both in terms of staffing at the Emirates Stadium, such as the guaranteed number of stewards needed for a match to be granted a safety certificate, as well as the obvious disruption for all the supporters.
Earlier this week, the Chelsea Supporters Trust, backed by fellow fans' groups across the Premier League clubs, made its feelings on the matter clear, saying "football on Christmas Eve is unacceptable and is a step too far."
On Friday afternoon, Chelsea posted a statement on the club's official website expressing sympathy for the objections, which have been taken up with the Premier League.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"The Chelsea Supporters Trust wrote to the club this week expressing its objections to fixtures being scheduled to be played on Christmas Eve, an idea they are opposed to 'due to the inherent travel difficulties and disruption to what is regarded as sacrosanct family time'," the Chelsea statement read.
"The club is sympathetic to our supporters' objections and it is a subject we have raised with the Premier League."
The statement was later taken down from Chelsea's official website.
Press Association Sport understands the club believe the statement made their point. Chelsea will continue to discuss the concerns of supporters with the Premier League as and when appropriate.
Allergic to spoilers? You might want to keep a safe distance.
Published 8:46 PM, April 24, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – A new trailer has been released for Venom, and this time, we actually see Eddie Brock (Tom Hardy) suit up. (WATCH: First 'Venom' teaser trailer shows Tom Hardy as Eddie Brock)
The trailer shows a lot of plot elements in the movie (something those allergic to spoilers might not enjoy). Eddie is tracked down by a Life Foundation employee, who seeks his help and ultimately, introduces him to symbiotes. The rest of the trailer shows how Eddie deals with the powers courtesy of the symbiotes.
Michelle Williams, Scott Haze, and Reid Scott also stars in the movie.
Venom opens in Philippine theaters on October 5. – Rappler.com
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS, MO – Watch the Bommarito Automotive Group High School Game of the Week. The show brings you some of the best match-ups in area high school sports. This week we bring you Webster Groves vs. Fort Zumwalt South basketball.
The show airs on KPLR every Sunday at 10am.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street 's Eva Price has been plotting revenge against Aidan Connor after finding out about his and Maria Connor's affair for weeks now, even lying about being pregnant.
She stepped it up a gear - with the help of Adam Barlow - tonight, after discovering Aidan's father Johnny knew about the affair.
And she and Adam started to get closer tonight, with him even nearly kissing her.
However, things got complicated as Maria saw the two looking cosy.
She immediately headed over to tell Aidan that Eva shouldn't be trusted.
Warning him he shouldn't marry her, she even suggested Eva's 'baby' wasn't his.
She said: "You'd better watch out for Adam Barlow
"Something's going on between him and Eva, I'm sure of it.
"If you go ahead with this wedding, you're more of a fool than I thought."
Corrie viewers were shocked by the over-complicated love square - especially considering Maria's hypocrisy.
(Image: ITV)
One said: "When Maria says to Aidan about Eva 'how do you know what she gets upto when your not around' erm can't say anything guys (sic)."
Another added: "Maria is a nosey cow corrie who the feck is she to give disapproving looks!"
A third agreed: "People In Glass Houses Maria....."
*Coronation Street continues on ITV1 at 7.30pm on Wednesday
What Happens When Parents And Children Are Separated At The U.S.-Mexico Border
With stories of family separation at the border in the news, NPR's Audie Cornish speaks with Denise Gilman, the lawyer for a one woman who's in detention, thousands of miles from her two sons who crossed the border with her.
AUDIE CORNISH, HOST:
In the last few weeks, the Trump administration has been doubling down on its official policy of separating some parents and children at the U.S.-Mexico border. As these cases become more common, we wanted a better understanding of what happens to families in these situations. Denise Gilman represents a mother currently separated from her 4-year-old and 10-year-old sons. They illegally crossed into the U.S. Gilman is the director of the Immigration Clinic at the University of Texas School of Law.
Welcome to the program.
DENISE GILMAN: Thank you.
CORNISH: So let's start at the beginning. Your client is from El Salvador. Who is she? And how did she come to make the decision to come to the U.S.?
GILMAN: So Jessica (ph) decided that she had to come to the United States for safety for herself and her two young boys when she was receiving very grave threats from the MS-13 gang and, in fact, had been beaten up by gang members who were associated with her husband, who is also an MS-13 gang member. She had sought protection from the Salvadoran authorities in a specific legal process and had not received any protection and so felt that her life and the lives of her children were at risk so that she had to leave.
CORNISH: When and where did she come to the border? What do you know about that moment?
GILMAN: So she crossed across the river in South Texas in March of this year and presented herself to the border officials that she encountered with her children on the U.S. side of the border. She had made the conscious decision not to present herself at an official bridge or port of entry. She thought that she would not be listened to if she presented herself officially to a bridge. And that's actually supported by a lot of evidence that suggests that border officials sometimes do turn away valid asylum-seekers at the border. So she made the decision to go ahead and cross into the United States to seek protection, that that was always her intention.
CORNISH: So how did they get separated?
GILMAN: When she was apprehended after crossing into the United States, she was taken with her two boys to a processing station, a Border Patrol station. And at some point, the immigration officials told her that she would be separated from her two boys. And then she was sent to an adult detention center in Laredo. And the boys were sent into a shelter that is used for unaccompanied children under the Office of Refugee Resettlement within Health and Human Services. At one point, the brothers were actually separated from one another and put into two separate foster family homes but were eventually reunited and have now been released to family on the East Coast.
CORNISH: And as we said earlier, she has a 4-year-old son and a 10-year-old son. We've been hearing so much about these new policies over the last few weeks. But at the time it was happening, I have to assume that Jessica was shocked.
GILMAN: Jessica was absolutely shocked. And she asked for explanation as to why it was happening, and nobody could tell her.
CORNISH: What's happened to her children since?
GILMAN: So her children are together and with family, but they are suffering. They really need their mom. The older boy is in school and has already been referred for mental health treatment because he's just not doing well as a result of the trauma that he experienced in his home country. And then losing his mother, who he came with, was another traumatic reality that has really caused him great harm.
CORNISH: Right now this means that there are three separate cases - right? - a lawyer...
GILMAN: That's right.
CORNISH: ...For each of the people in this story.
GILMAN: Well, I mean, none of the three has a lawyer in their asylum claim at this point in time. I'm working hard to try to get the kids a lawyer out on the East Coast for their separate cases. I am not going to be able to represent Jessica on the merits of her asylum claim from four hours away. It's just not possible to do that effectively.
But it is important to note that the kids, even though they're 4- and 10-years-old, have no right to have a lawyer appointed to them. And at least that might have made some sense if they came with their mother and their mother was able to help them and to speak for them and to explain the facts that are relevant to their case. But here the government took that one support away from them and then didn't provide them an attorney.
CORNISH: So how does a 4-year-old make the case for asylum?
GILMAN: (Laughter) What to tell you? Under current law and procedure, a 4-year-old has to make the case for asylum on his own. In this case, Mom could have at least helped to speak for him and could have, of course, also helped to find him a lawyer. But that was taken away from the little boy.
CORNISH: That's Denise Gilman. She's the director of the immigration clinic at the University of Texas School of Law.
Thank you for speaking with us.
GILMAN: Thank you.
CORNISH: We're going to turn now to NPR's John Burnett. He's been covering the Trump administration's policy of separating parents and children. And John, is the case that Denise Gilman described happening with more frequency up and down the border? I mean, is this the new normal?
JOHN BURNETT, BYLINE: Absolutely. We're seeing a surge of these cases in federal courtrooms all up and down the border. Hundreds of defendants marched into these courtrooms 40, 50, 60 at a time, mainly from Central America. In many of these cases, they're charged with a misdemeanor, illegal entry, or a felony, illegal re-entry. But by this time, their kids have already been taken away from them by strangers in a strange land. And you can imagine what those scenes look like. There is an immigration attorney with the ACLU who described kids clinging to their mothers, having to be physically separated and parents telling the older ones - be brave; be brave.
But I should note, Audie, that some of these immigrants are bringing their kids on this long, arduous, dangerous journey from Mexico because they were told back in Guatemala or El Salvador - if you bring your kids, you'll be released from federal custody. And nowadays, under this new policy, they're sadly mistaken. And like Jessica, who Denise Gilman describes - she was completely surprised when they took her boys away from her.
CORNISH: And I understand there is some outrage growing about this practice. In fact, protests are scheduled for this week.
BURNETT: Right. These family separations have really stirred people up. There's this growing grassroots outrage. I understand there are dozens of protests planned around the country on Friday of this week. They call it the National Day of Action for Children. And they're calling on the Trump administration to stop removing kids from their parents at the border.
CORNISH: And how is the administration responding?
BURNETT: Well, the Trump administration actually calls the parents smugglers and says they're exploiting U.S. government policies. The government claims it's overwhelmed having to transport all these unaccompanied children to shelters, provide for their well-being for an average of 56 days and then find a sponsor for them. Health and Human Services says, in terms of its juvenile shelter beds, they're at a 95 percent capacity. And so now they're having to look for more at military bases or convert government buildings as a way to find places for these thousands of new kids who are being separated at the border. And remember, these are families asking for asylum, for protection from violence in their own home countries. The Trump administration says the great majority of these asylum-seekers are rejected by immigration judges and so they shouldn't be coming here in the first place.
CORNISH: That's NPR's John Burnett in Austin.
John, thank you.
BURNETT: You bet, Audie.
(SOUNDBITE OF AMY WHITE'S "TOUCHING SOULS")
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Mumbai: Former beauty queen Sushmita Sen was a delight to watch when she regally floated down the ramp on 'Umrao Jaan' hit song 'In aankhon ki masti' wearing a lehenga, glittering choli and diaphanous dual dupattas by brand Kotwara by Meera and Muzaffar Ali at Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2018, here.
The designers showcased a collection titled "Samanzar - A Garden of Flowers" for their Kotwara label.
Pic courtesy: Twitter/@LakmeFashionWk
Sama Ali, daughter of Meera and Muzaffar Ali presented Chikankari in a unique manner, which was quite incomparable. The addition of zardozi, aari and muqquaish to the delicate Chikankari embroidery, raised the design sensibilities to a more contemporary level.
The exotic regal occasion wear was royal attire, dappled with a generous dose of pearls and sequins. The flowing capes and shrugs that adorned the classic shararas and saris were visions of beauty as they floated down the ramp on glamorous models.
The beauty of the Awadhi craft was heightened by the choice of fabrics like fine muslin and sheer chiffons that came to life with the rich velvets and brocades.
The show opened with a line of pristine white creations. Kurtas with billowy sleeves, capris teamed with Angarkhas and dupattas, while perky boleros added charm to the serene kurtas sprinkled with silver dazzle.
At times, cropped pants brought a hint of the fusion look which blended perfectly with the ensembles. The black line was stunning with lace capris and embroidery that twinkled like the stars.
The entry of a magnificent white long, tiered, sheer, creation with gold insets, edged with tassels was a regal tulle robe that floated down the runway and looked splendid over a white embroidered kurti and tiered skirt. Here was an ensemble that was indeed fit for royalty.
Shararas looked regal when they were teamed with kurtas and dupattas of ethereal elegance, wide palazzos, a corset floor-length kurta with a mini cape and saris with bell-sleeved blouses looked as fresh as the morning dew on a summer`s day.
Adding more drama, there were black saris with floor-kissing net capes, a quartet of lehenga/choli/bolero/dupatta in black and ivory and the kurta with a tiered tulle sharara and matching dupatta were creations that one can only dream of.
Sushmita looked no less than a bride with a million dollar smile when she showed her elegance on the runway while taking the walk.
"Magical was the feeling while walking the runway. I always love walking Athe runway in Mumbai. I feel like I am home with my family and people are hooting for me. Looking royal is very easy with House of Kotwara," she said.
The "Samanzar - A Garden of Flowers" collection created by Sama Ali for the Kotwara label by Meera and Muzaffar Ali was a luxurious line of traditional formal wear, in an amazing collage of textiles and crafts that had timeless appeal.
The look created by Lakme makeup expert Donald Simrock was "a little something" as he called it. The look featured an extensive line with a chalk of black and a fair amount of mascara on the eyes.
Shawn Mendes has taken the lyrics to his hit song, “In My Blood” quite literally for the song's music video, which was JUST released.
In the video, we see Shawn lying on the floor as the “walls are caving in” around him. He appears to weather a series of dangerous situations (a snowstorm, a rainstorm and more), as he stays on the floor for the entire video:
By the end of the music video, we see that Shawn has emerged from the period of heartache. In fact, by the end of the video the sun is shining and he's surrounded by flowers on the ground.
“In My Blood” is the first track from his upcoming third studio album. It is the followup to 2016's Illuminate album. Shawn hasn't shared too many details about that just yet, but we'll keep you posted.
EXCLUSIVE: Shawn Mendes' Gym Playlist Will Shock You
Fans (like us) are totally obsessed with Shawn's trips to the gym. So we all swoon every time he posts a workout photo on Instagram. So there must be some intense music that accompanies his trips to the gym, right?
Well, Shawn's answer to that very question recently shocked us:
AP Photo/Gregorio Borgia
VATICAN CITY (AP) — Pope Francis insisted Wednesday that indigenous groups must give prior consent to any economic activity affecting their ancestral lands, a view that conflicts with the Trump administration, which is pushing to build a $3.8 billion oil pipeline over opposition from American Indians.
Francis met with representatives of indigenous peoples attending a U.N. agricultural meeting and said the key issue facing them is how to reconcile the right to economic development with protecting their cultures and territories.
“In this regard, the right to prior and informed consent should always prevail,” he said. “Only then is it possible to guarantee peaceful cooperation between governing authorities and indigenous peoples, overcoming confrontation and conflict.”
The Cheyenne River and the Standing Rock Sioux tribes have sued to stop construction on the final stretch of the Dakota Access pipeline, which would bring oil from North Dakota's rich Bakken fields across four states to a shipping point in Illinois.
The tribes say the pipeline threatens their drinking water, cultural sites and ability to practice their religion, which depends on pure water. The last piece of the pipeline is to pass under a reservoir on the Missouri River, which marks the eastern border of both tribes' reservations.
The company building the pipeline, Texas-based Energy Transfer Partners, has insisted the water supply will be safe.
Francis didn't cite the Dakota pipeline dispute by name and the Vatican press office said he was not making a direct reference to it. But history's first Latin American pope has been a consistent backer of indigenous rights and has frequently spoken out about the plight of Indians in resisting economic development that threatens their lands.
“For governments, this means recognizing that indigenous communities are a part of the population to be appreciated and consulted, and whose full participation should be promoted at the local and national level,” Francis told the indigenous leaders Wednesday.
In the waning days of the Obama administration, amid protests over construction that led to some 700 arrests, federal agencies that have authority over the reservoir said they would not give permission for pipe to be laid until an environmental study was done.
U.S. President Donald Trump reversed course and last month instructed the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to proceed with building the pipeline.
Francis' reference to prior consent is enshrined in the U.N. Declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples, which was adopted by the U.N. General Assembly in 2007 over the opposition of the U.S., Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
Francis' strong backing for indigenous groups and refugees, his climate change concerns and criticism of the global economy's profit-at-all-cost mentality highlight the policy differences with the Trump administration that may come out if the U.S. president meets with Francis while in Italy for a G-7 summit in May. There has been no confirmation of any meeting to date, however.
—
AP writer Daniela Petroff contributed.
Comments
comments
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
NEW LONDON, Conn. – Members of the Coast Guard Academy send a holiday greeting to friends and family, December 7, 2017.
The Coast Guard Academy has cadets from all over the United States and several international countries, but not all can make it home for the holidays.
U.S. Coast Guard video by Petty Officer 2nd Class Lauren Laughlin
Karnataka-based Fincare Small Finance Bank Ltd started its banking operations last month. Fincare Small Finance Bank, earlier known as Disha Microfin Ltd, wants to start its banking operations in the states where it has a presence as a microfinance company. The bank's managing director and chief executive officer, Rajeev Yadav, spoke to Mint Money about the products it plans to offer, interest rate on deposits and loans, impact on cost of funds and the overall expansion plans. Edited excerpts:
As you have started your banking operations only last month, in the initial phase, what are the products that you plan to offer to retail consumers?
We are a non-banking finance company (NBFC) that is converting into a bank. Our first objective is to offer our basic banking products—namely savings account, current account, fixed deposits, overdraft products and some of the lending products such as loan against property, gold, and overdraft against fixed deposits—to our existing microfinance customers.
Is there a differentiated offering for your retail customers such as higher interest rate on deposits?
First, there are three phases of differentiators that we want to create. One, we want to offer all these products through digital solutions. Two, we want to offer almost all our products through doorstep service. Three, deposit rates will be a key differentiator for the platform.
To begin with, we are offering 7% for deposits on savings accounts, if the balance is more than Rs1 lakh; and 6% if the balance is less than Rs1 lakh. We believe this is a very competitive offering compared to other products in the market. Rates on fixed deposits vary between 8% and 9% per annum, depending on the tenure ranging from 1 to 2 years. If someone puts money in a 2-year fixed deposit, she will get 9% returns. Another differentiator is that these fixed deposits are monthly compounding. Normally banks do quarterly compounding.
Also, for senior citizens, we are offering 50 basis points more than what we are offering other customers. (One basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point.)
Since all banks are going digital when it comes to retail products, do you have digital strategy for retail customers?
Today, our retail customers and the microfinance segment that I want to address are primarily unbanked, or with not enough digital solutions. Our first aim is to provide doorstep banking to them.
An employee of the bank will use digital technology with a tablet, which is Aadhaar enabled, to help open accounts at the doorstep. This was the first product that we launched.
Over the next few months, we would want to add more to this digital platform by enabling internet-based or mobile banking-based account activation where customers can activate and complete the process themselves.
We have an employee app right now. We just got the mobile banking licence from Reserve Bank of India (RBI) recently, since it is an additional licence that we needed to take.
We will be launching our mobile banking app within 3-4 weeks. The online account opening process will take place in 6 months because it will need more work.
Who are your target customers? Are you looking to expand in new cities?
Today we are a rural-based microfinance institution. We want to become a semi-urban and rural-based bank. Rather than having just another bank in the same area, our bank should work in areas where there is more potential. Today when we do microfinance loans, we target the base-of-the-pyramid customers. These are customers that earn about Rs1-1.5 lakh per family per annum. They are primarily in micro businesses and typically take microfinance loans. But as part of the banking transition, we want to expand this to retail mass and micro and small enterprises.
When it comes to the income group, I would say income is not easily understood. When we are talking of digital banking, for us the young, new-salaried customers are also very important. I would say initially we would be targeting income groups of up to Rs5 lakh per annum and over time if we could take it to Rs10 lakh per annum.
Today we are in seven states and one union territory, which covers the western and southern geographies. Being a microfinance company, we have 230 offices and we are deeply penetrated in these states. The intent is that as a bank we should clearly offer more products than what we used to.
There is huge potential in the existing states. We would first focus on offering our banking products in states that we currently have presence in. We want to take all these products to our customers. For example, if we were present in the outskirts of Surat but not in the city, now we will start doing business in the city.
As part of the banking transition, we would be covering markets that we were not covering in the past. In the first 2 years, our focus would be to increase banking with depth in the seven states covering the semi-urban markets. After that we will expand in other states.
How many ATMs do you plan to roll out? Will you offer debit and credit cards to your customers?
We want to use recyclers instead of ATMs. The difference between ATMs and recyclers is that while ATMs only dispense cash, recyclers also accept cash. There are a few pilots being done by banks. But as a strategy, we have adopted recyclers as the only option rather than putting up ATMs. Initially we will put it up in all our branches. We are going to start with covering 50 bank branches by the end of the financial year.
We hope to provide 24x7 cash deposits and withdrawals. The charges will be in line with what other banks are charging and the RBI has rolled out as a policy. We don't need to tie up with any bank for providing recyclers. We will be buying these machines and connecting with National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) directly. This will be our own infrastructure. Initially, we will be launching with Rupay debit cards and these will be directly issued by our bank. We are not providing credit cards on day one. In my experience, you need a large scale to be successful in the credit card business. We would be looking for partnerships for the credit card option with some other banks. Within 12-24 months, we will offer credit card.
Now that you will be able to raise deposits, will that translate into a reduction in interest rate for your borrowers?
As a microfinance company, our lending rates currently start at 22% per annum for our customers. As a bank, we want to bring the rates to below 20% once we stabilise our deposits. Initially, given the transition, we are still carrying our old balance sheet. Hence, it will take some time for the newer deposits and the retail franchise to work on deposit. It would take a couple of years to reach that point.
We want to try and turn our wholesale borrowing as an NBFC to a mass retail deposit strategy. As part of the transition, once we reduce our cost of funds, we will clearly pass it on to our customers. Initially, the cost of funds don't come down significantly because there is a large proportion we are carrying on our balance sheet. Also, it is not very easy for us to kick-start our retail franchise—it takes time. Branches and products have to be rolled out and technology needs to be stabilised. In the banking world, on the deposits that we raise, we have to invest a good proportion in statutory liquidity ratio and the cash reserve ratio. This introduces a little drag on our cost of funds. Due to all these variables, there would be slow decline in cost of funds in the first year.
Deers cross an open field at the 7th Army Training Command's Grafenwoehr Training Area, Germany, Feb. 14, 2017. The Red Deer population on the Grafenwoehr Training Area is one of the largest in Europe, and the training area is home to 138 distinct types of flora and almost 800 endangered species. (U.S. Army photo by Visual Information Specialist Matthias Fruth)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.14.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 08:41 Photo ID: 3167054 VIRIN: 170214-A-EO786-013 Resolution: 7072x4424 Size: 19.25 MB Location: GRAFENWOEHR, BY, DE Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Deers cross an open field [Image 1 of 6], by Matthias Fruth, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Fifth Harmony Is Taking an Indefinite Hiatus The all-girl group is taking a break to pursue solo careers. They announced the news on Twitter Monday morning. Fifth Harmony Twitter Rumors sparked about the group's break-up following Camila Cabello's exit from 5H in 2016.
On Bryan Colangelo's Twitter controversy, NBA sources say 'the damage is done'
On Bryan Colangelo's Twitter controversy, NBA sources say 'the damage is done' May 30
Keith Pompey has been with our sports team since September 2004. He took over the Sixers beat in the summer of 2013 after covering Temple basketball and football for the previous three years. Pompey also previously covered the Penn and Drexel men's basketball team and Villanova football team after initially focusing on high school sports. He is a native Philadelphian, a University of Pittsburgh graduate and a vice president of the Professional Basketball Writers Association.
Keith Pompey dissects the latest news in regards to The Ringer reporting that 76ers president of basketball operations Bryan Colangelo had five anonymous Twitter accounts, allegedly revealing inside team information and talking negatively about coach Brett Brown and players.
Follow and contact 76ers beat writer Keith Pompey on Twitter and on Instagram at PompeyOnSixers.
In Germany, Churchgoers Are Encouraged To Tweet From The Pews
Enlarge this image toggle caption Esme Nicholson/NPR Esme Nicholson/NPR
In Germany this year, the Protestant church is celebrating 500 years since Martin Luther brought about the Reformation. Today, as the number of churchgoers dwindles, the clergy is turning to new media to appeal to those with little time to attend worship in person.
In the eastern city of Magdeburg, the monotone peal of a single church bell calls a modest flock of parishioners to evening prayers at the Walloon Reformed Church of St. Augustine.
As the faithful file into a High Gothic church where Martin Luther once delivered a sermon, most fumble around in handbags and pockets, looking for their cellphones.
But instead of dutifully switching off their phones and putting them away on this Friday evening, these 40 or so churchgoers take a pew and bow their heads over their lit-up devices as if they were prayer books.
This is a Twitter service, where the congregation is encouraged to tweet about the liturgy and share their prayers online.
Pastor Ralf Peter Reimann says it's an experiment. He believes that social media can help the Protestant church retain and even gain followers, even in today's increasingly secular society.
"There are lots of people who live online," he says. "We want to include these people and offer them to participate in a way that's comfortable to them."
While Reimann preaches from behind the lectern, a chorus of young parishioners perching in the choir stalls tweets about his sermon. Above them, a large screen displays a hash-tagged feed which, in real time, shows tweets coming from both within the church and from around Germany.
"Luther talked about the priesthood of all believers," Reimann says. "So if you use social media, it's not only the pastor communicating on behalf of the church, but Christians communicating among each other."
Although such Twitter services are yet to catch on, embracing the latest media trend is nothing new for Protestants.
Five-hundred years ago, when Martin Luther first protested against corruption in the Catholic Church, it was the then relatively new printing press that helped his challenge to papal authority to "go viral."
Luther's supporters printed his radical ideas in pamphlets. Cheap to produce and easy to distribute, these pamphlets fostered public debate.
Ulrike Zitzlsperger, a professor of German studies at the University of Exeter in England, says the 16th century pamphlet was the social media of Luther's day.
"I think the parallels with the use of Twitter today are really strong," Zitzlsperger says. "You've got a topic that engages not just an educated public but really the wider public, the lay people. Everybody has a say."
Luther's followers shared these pamphlets and responded to them by printing their own. These Twitter-like discussions spread so rapidly that the Catholic Church could do little to censor what it called heresy.
Today though, it's no longer dissent but disinterest that threatens the Christian church in Europe.
Back in Magdeburg, the Twitter service is in full swing. Messages from around Germany, where dozens of others participated, are displayed on the church's interactive screen in front of the altar.
Some posts are encouraging, like the one from a Twitter user who tweets in German, "We all make mistakes. God will show us the right way."
Some users share their private prayers, like one who posts: "I pray for the unborn child in my belly and that it is blessed with good health."
Other users are less convinced. "Sorry, this is too hectic," one writes. "I go to church to find inner peace. I'm signing off."
It's also too much for 86-year-old Ingeborg Brunner, who tiptoes out of church before the Twitter service is over. Brunner doesn't own a smartphone, so she feels somewhat left out.
"It was certainly interesting, but it's not my cup of tea" Brunner admits. "I'm a little old for Twitter. I prefer a proper service, when we get to sing hymns."
While Brunner says she's pleased the church is appealing to the digitally devout, regular churchgoers like her would rather sing than tweet.
After all, congregational singing is another major legacy of the Reformation.
Finally, we have the Home Minister of India, Rajnath Singh, standing up for External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj in what seems to be an ugly game of abuse and trolling on Twitter. It seems strange that the BJP government and its party leaders in general who speak up for respecting women in all quarters and wear the slogan 'Beti Bachao Beti Padhao' on their sleeves do not speak up for their own senior colleague who has been subject to abuse not from rivals or opposition parties, but right from within what we may call the right-wing ideological camp. It is doubly strange that much of this abuse should happen in the run-up to the world Social Media Day, June 30, and the days following that.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi controversially went to town on the Social Media Day evidently in a gesture of gratitude to social media which has played a significant role in his rise as a national leader. His surge to the highest office in the land merrily coincided with the mushrooming of mobile connections and the social media in India. However, freedom of expression and democracy do not ordinarily mean the right to offend although democratic discourse does involve heated exchanges. It is important to note that the focus in any decent democratic discourse should not be on personal grounds except where a certain gesture or statement from somebody in a way exposes or points to some contradiction in a personality or a character so that the public in general may know that there is a discrepancy between the thought, speech and action of a person. Or that there is a room for improvement.
But what we are witnessing these days is plain and simple personal attack and abuse and what is commonly come to be known as trolling. Ms Swaraj has just blocked publicly a well-known Twitter loudmouth in the latest instance of what I call 'martyrdom trolling' where right-wing activists hit their own kind to show themselves to be loyal to their cause than the next loyalist.
Now, trolling is a loosely used word that is less about the conventional dictionary term than about a dubious new-age phenomenon of irritating the hell out of people on the Internet. In my opinion, it does not at all fit well with the description of freedom of expression in a democracy.
Article 19 (1) (a) of India's Constitution talks of the freedom of expression being subject to reasonable restrictions and among the grounds it lists for curbs are "decency and morality" not to speak of "incitement to offence." There is a lot going on social media now that clearly stand on the wrong side of the Constitution.
There is more to all this than meets the eye. It may contain political undercurrents that may cause a serious divide within the BJP. The trolling of Sushma Swaraj goes beyond ordinarily seen trolling because it comes from within the extended ranks of the BJP and that there is hardly anyone to stand up for her signifies a political equation that needs to be watched carefully as India prepares for general elections in 2019. Isn't it a fact that while Sushma Swaraj is the External Affairs Minister of India, it is Prime Minister Modi who has often been in the news on foreign policy issues with his penchant for travel across the planet? Ms Swaraj has done pretty well for herself by using Twitter as a medium for addressing grievances from Indians across the world and has therefore smartly and creatively built for herself a reputation that is outside of what is clearly an overshadowed role as foreign minister. But there is room for discontentment yet.
We all know that several senior leaders of the BJP who were associated with the previous BJP-led NDA government headed by Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee in the late 1990s have now been sidelined or worse. Giants of the BJP, such as Arun Shourie and Yashwant Sinha, are loud Modi critics. Murli Manohar Joshi and Lal Krishna Advani have been very simply relegated to the background as "margdarshaks" (guides) -- which is nothing but a party code word for old fogeys past their prime.
Sushma Swaraj seems to be a crucial link between the old BJP and the new. The interesting fact is that BJP always had a side called the 'RSS camp' and those outside of it, represented by leaders like Shourie and Jaswant Singh. Although Vajpayee had his roots in the RSS, he was mellow enough to straddle various party groups as well as coalition partners as a consensus candidate in the National Democratic Alliance that successfully ruled India between 1999 and 2004.
In that sense, there is more to Sushma Swaraj's helplessness than a simple case of being isolated after an unseemly controversy in which she supported a Hindu-Muslim couple in getting their passports taking at face value their complaints that they had been subjected to parochial treatment at the Lucknow passport office. Ms Swaraj's own use of an online poll to prove her point is politically significant.
For the moment let us sidestep the open attacks on finance minister Arun Jaitley by the in-house gadfly, Subramanian Swamy. Even that apart, the BJP has not been speaking with one voice and conviction, especially on matters related to public decency. Sooner or later, this is bound to explode on the party. The Congress has never felt as enthusiastic in a decade as it goes hammer and tongs at the BJP which seems to have lost the plot in knowing the difference between democracy, dissent and divides that weaken its credibility.
We may add that beyond the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and the middle-of-the-road conservatives close to Vajpayee, there are the Bhakts. These are the "non-party actors" of the BJP who eerily remind you of the "non-state actors" of Pakistan's extremist fringes. They are most active on social media.
It is more than clear to me that a ruling party in a decent democracy cannot afford a fringe that does not know the difference between principled debate and abusive trolling. It is interesting to note that Rajnath Singh is speaking up for Ms Swaraj. Watch this space.
(Madhavan Narayanan is a senior journalist who has covered politics, diplomacy, business, technology and other subjects in a long career that has spanned organisations including Reuters, Business Standard and Hindustan Times. He is currently an independent columnist, editor and commentator. He is listed among the top 200 Indian influencers on Twitter. He tweets as @madversity)
(Disclaimer: The opinions expressed above are the personal views of the author and do not reflect the views of ZMCL.)
Be Forward Wanderers have said their friendly match against age-old rivals Nyasa Big Bullets is on at Bingu National Stadium today in Lilongwe.
There had been a cloud of uncertainty over the match following the controversy regarding Nomads' participation in the CAF Champions League.
Wanderers general secretary Mike Butao, team manager Stevie Madeira and Bullets chief executive officer (CEO) Fleetwood Haiya yesterday confirmed that the match is on.
Said Butao: “We are going ahead with our preparations for the CAF Champions League while awaiting determination from our sponsors [Be Forward Limited].
“That is why we trained today [yesterday] and we are travelling to Lilongwe for the match.”
The Nomads team manager Stevie Madeira also said regardless of other developments, they will proceed with the Bullets friendly match.
On his part, Haiya said: “I can confirm that the game is on at Bingu Stadium.”
Tomorrow, Bullets will face Masters Security in another friendly at the same venue.
Masters are also tuning up for their CAF Confederation Cup preliminary round-first leg tie against Atletico Petroleos de Luanda of Angola next week.
The post Nomads, Bullets friendly on today appeared first on The Nation Online.
Source link
HARBIN (Sputnik) — Russian businesses should look into exploring the Chinese meat market and making contacts with potential Chinese clients, Deputy Minister of Economic Development Alexei Gruzdev told Sputnik on Thursday.
"In terms of meat [exports], even though right now there is no access, we are urging Russian businesses to work on exploring this market [in China], to make contacts," Gruzdev said on the sidelines of the 4th China-Russia Expo in Harbin.
© AP Photo/ Alexander Zemlianichenko 'Red Tourism': Over 1 Mln Chinese Tourists Visited Russia in 2016
The deputy minister explained that business contacts in China would allow Russian businesses to start working on the Chinese market as soon as the necessary approval is secured.
According to Gruzdev, Russia and China are planning to discuss cooperation in many areas at the Harbin trade event, including exports of grain, meat and dairy.
"We decided to dedicate the whole day to agriculture, there will be different events, we have brought various businesses that will network in order to establish specific contacts," Gruzdev said.
The expo kicks off on Thursday for a five-day run.
HENDERSON, Nev. — June 19, 2018 — United Health Products, Inc. (UHP), manufacturer and marketer of HemoStyp, a patented hemostatic gauze for the healthcare and wound care sectors, today announced that after successfully completing a series of animal tests, it has filed an IDE pre-submission application with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to begin human trials of HemoStyp. The filing was made in conjunction with a previously filed Class III PMA submission application for HemoStyp for general surgical use in abdominal, cardiovascular and thoracic procedures to control bleeding sites.
An Investigational Device Exemption (IDE) allows an investigational device (i.e., a device that is the subject of a clinical study) to be used in order to collect safety and effectiveness data required to support a premarket approval (PMA). All statistical power calculations have been completed, and procedural protocols have been vetted for this submission. UHP expects to confer imminently with the FDA to confirm receipt of the Protocol, and to begin testing upon approval.
United Health Products develops, manufactures, and markets patented hemostatic gauze for the healthcare and wound care sectors. The product, HemoStyp®, is derived from regenerated oxidized cellulose, which is all natural, and designed to absorb exudate/drainage from superficial wounds and helps control bleeding. UHP is focused on identifying new markets and applications for its products, and expanding its current markets.
Posted July 3, 2018
Source: United Health Products
U.K. Officials Apologize After Lives Of Caribbean Immigrants Thrown Into Disarray NPR's Ailsa speaks to Natalie Barnes and her mother Paulette Wilson about how their family was shocked in 2015 to receive word from the British Home Office that Paulette was no longer considered a citizen and risked deportation to Jamaica where she was born after not have visited there for 50 years.
Train services are now recovering after being suspended due to a small track side fire just outside New Cross station.
Firefighters were called to the blaze on the line between the station and St John's shortly before 9am and the fire was brought under control just before 9.45am.
The fire caused some delays for Southeastern services. A spokeswoman told SLP “We are working to recover the services and hopefully all will be restored in time for the evening rush hour.”
Three fire engines and 15 firefighters from New Cross, Deptford and Greenwich fire stations were at the scene.
The rules should specify clear and objective methods for measuring GST-related pricing abuse, and their communication to the business community. Photo: Bloomberg
The Indian government sees the goods and services tax (GST) as a transformative step that will benefit the entire economy. For benefits to reach the entire population, it is necessary for businesses that directly benefit from GST rate rationalization to pass them on to customers. The government had foreseen that many businesses may choose to retain the lion's share of GST gains, leaving their customers to benefit marginally, if at all. This has become a significant concern with the recent reduction of GST rates on many items of mass consumption. The government has consequently approved the creation of a national anti-profiteering authority (NAA) and the supporting administrative machinery.
Two questions confront us: Do we need an NAA? If yes, then how can it meet its objective (to facilitate transmission of GST benefits) at reasonable cost and effort?
An NAA may be needed if businesses indeed avoid passing on GST benefits to consumers. But this is a function of the market structure, which determines pricing power. Pricing power is not feasible in competitive markets, with many sellers selling homogeneous products. These would be, for example, markets for small consumer goods like stationery and toiletries. In such markets, excess profits are competed away, leaving small margins for sellers. Attempts to maintain high margins would rapidly become unprofitable as customers switch to lower-priced competitors. Pricing power is also infeasible in markets with pricing controls, such as those for certain pharmaceutical products.
Markets where incumbents have pricing power are monopolistic or oligopolistic. Only sellers in such markets would potentially be able to retain GST-related benefits. This is not to presume that such sellers would actually retain GST benefits: The reputational cost of such an action can be high. One may infer that the NAA should only scrutinize markets with a few sellers, which tend to be large economic entities. Or conversely, industries with many small businesses should remain outside the scrutiny of the NAA.
But this begs the question: Since retention of GST benefits is only one type of abuse of market power, can the NAA be the best agency to investigate these? There already exist long-standing institutions that investigate pricing abuse, such as the Competition Commission of India (CCI). There is international precedent here. When it passed its GST law, Australia mandated its own competition commission to investigate related pricing violations. By most accounts, it acquitted its role well. There are also other bodies with the mandate to look into some pricing aspects, such as the directorate general of safeguards within the Central Board of Excise and Customs. How would a new institution, whose mandate overlaps that of pre-existing institutions, investigate pricing abuse more effectively than pre-existing institutions? It takes up time to set up a new institution like the NAA—to set up its organizational structure and administration; to staff it; to delineate its scope of operations and powers and so on. It will take a lot of time before the NAA can begin effective operations. Instead, why not expand the mandate and operations of a pre-existing body? The time to action will be shorter.
Now consider the second question: How does one minimize the costs of investigation into GST-related pricing abuse, which are borne by both government and business?
The costs to government can be minimized by scoping out the areas of investigation and defining clear rules of operation. The scope should be restricted to sectors with market power. Other sectors can safely be ignored because they would have little potential for pricing abuse. Rules could cover, inter alia, objective criteria for when to begin an investigation. Only when these criteria are met should a specific case be investigated. Setting a high bar for investigation would ensure that only egregious cases of GST-related pricing abuse are investigated. Prioritizing major offenders would reduce the total cost of investigation. It will also reduce the wastage of resources on investigating borderline cases, where conclusive proof of pricing abuse would be hard to find. The rules could also specify clear and objective methods for measuring GST-related pricing abuse, and their communication to the business community. This would give businesses clear information on rules of engagement and reduce the likelihood of subsequent appeals.
Compliance and uncertainty increase the cost of business. Clear rules for investigating pricing abuse would reduce both types of cost. If sectors for potential investigation were identified in advance—and if there was assurance that the list of at-risk sectors would not be changed arbitrarily ex-post—then unaffected sectors could proceed with confidence that their actions will not lead to scrutiny for anti-profiteering. Removal of regulatory risk (in the context of anti-profiteering) would improve business sentiment in the unaffected sectors. Moreover, compliance costs for unaffected sectors would be zero.
At-risk sectors may bear compliance and uncertainty costs, but these would be minimized if methodologies for measurement of pricing abuse were specified and adhered to. Businesses in the at-risk sector would only need to document that their actions do not meet the definition of pricing abuse as per the approved methodologies. Contingent on these conditions, they would retain the freedom to optimize their business operations.
In summary, the setting up of the NAA has the commendable intent of protecting consumers from GST-related pricing abuse. However, it may be worthwhile to debate whether the NAA is the agency best suited to investigating pricing abuse, or whether this function should be assigned to a pre-existing agency with an overlapping mandate. Care should also be taken to ensure that investigations are cost-effective. This can be achieved by narrowly scoping areas for investigation and by pre-specifying and adhering to rules of operation. Such measures will reduce costs of the government as well as the business community.
Gaurav S. Ghosh is an economist with EY. These are his personal views.
Comments are welcome at theirview@livemint.com
Mosul's Famed Mosque And 'Hunchback' Minaret, Destroyed By ISIS, Will Be Rebuilt
Enlarge this image toggle caption AHMAD AL-RUBAYE/AFP/Getty Images AHMAD AL-RUBAYE/AFP/Getty Images
The United Arab Emirates will contribute $50.4 million to rebuild a mosque and cherished leaning minaret that were destroyed after the Iraqi city of Mosul was overrun by the Islamic State.
On Monday the UAE, Iraq and the United Nations signed an agreement that Audrey Azoulay, director-general of the U.N.'s cultural agency UNESCO, called "a historic partnership." In a written statement, she said it was "the largest and [most] unprecedented cooperation to rebuild cultural heritage in Iraq ever."
The Great Mosque of al-Nuri was built in the 12th century inside Mosul's Old City. It was named after Nur al-Din Mahmoud Zangi, a Turkic ruler who unified Muslim forces during the Crusades. In July 2014, ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi stood at the mosque's pulpit and declared Iraq and Syria as the terrorist group's "caliphate."
As Iraqi security forces drew closer to Mosul in June 2017, ISIS destroyed the structure and later used the explosion as propaganda, pinning the damage on a U.S.-led coalition airstrike. "Jihadist supporters are using it to blame the West and Americans," Alberto Fernandez, then-vice president of the Middle East Media Research Institute, told USA Today.
Months after Mosul was liberated, the bodies of ISIS fighters still lay in the rubble near the mosque, NPR's Jane Arraf reported in March. Thousands of homes in the city's historic section were in ruins. and people had no electricity or running water.
Only a stump-like remnant remained of the famously tilted minaret known as al-Hadba, or the "hunchback."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ahmad al-Rubaye/AFP/Getty Images Ahmad al-Rubaye/AFP/Getty Images
"We need services," a Health Ministry employee told Arraf. "They just need to take away the rubble. We need water tankers to come so we can drink clean water. If they get rid of the rubble and repair the streets, a man can rebuild with his own hands."
The Iraqi government has estimated that a minimum of $2 billion is needed to repair crumbling streets and homes.
The UAE funding is earmarked for restoring the cultural landmarks. But Louise Haxthausen, director of UNESCO's Baghdad office, told NPR that the $50.4 million will still help the city. "It will generate employment and allow the inhabitants to develop and acquire skills," she said.
But some Mosul residents pointed to other, more pressing needs. One teacher and photographer tweeted an appeal to "please remove the rotten bodies first."
With a five-year timeline, the first year of the restoration will focus on clearing debris from the site, documenting items and drawing out details for reconstruction. The next four years will focus on the restoration of the mosque and surrounding buildings.
The reconstruction will preserve "the original minaret with its distinctive hunchback lean," Haxthausen said.
A joint committee will supervise the rebuilding efforts, including members of the Emirati and Iraqi Ministries of Culture, UNESCO and the Iraqi Sunni Endowment, according to the Emirates News Agency.
Haxthausen said the restoration is a key part of a flagship UNESCO initiative called Reviving the Spirit of Mosul, which launched in February, to "bring life back to the city."
The UAE and other Gulf countries have recently improved relations with Iraq, Arraf notes. Arab Gulf leaders for years refused to recognize Iraq's Shiite-led government as legitimate.
The Education Department announced Wednesday that it will change two key Obama-era rules governing student loan forgiveness in cases involving fraud and misconduct by universities.
The department said it will convene special committees to rewrite Borrower Defense to Repayment and Gainful Employment regulations.
The rules were introduced last year as the department was processing claims from thousands of students who say there were defrauded by for-profit colleges.
Under the borrower defense rules, students could have their loans erased if their college misrepresented the quality of its programs or broke a "contractual promise" with its students. The gainful employment rule was designed to ensure that graduates would be able to earn enough money to pay off their student loan debt.
DeVos said in a statement Wednesday that the regulations were "overly burdensome and confusing" and need to be streamlined.
"The result is a muddled process that's unfair to students and schools, and puts taxpayers on the hook for significant costs," DeVos said.
She said many colleges have complained that the definition of misrepresentation and breach of contract is too broad and that institutions lacked meaningful due process. The Education Department will conduct hearings on the regulations in July.
"It is the department's aim, and this administration's commitment, to protect students from predatory practices while also providing clear, fair and balanced rules for colleges and universities to follow," DeVos said.
She added that nearly 16,000 defense claims that are currently being processed by the department will be fulfilled. "Promises made to students under the current rule will be promises kept," she stressed.
Eight states and the District of Columbia filed a motion in federal court Tuesday seeking to retain the rules.
"The borrower defense regulations provide critical protections for borrowers who were subjected to misleading and predatory practices by their postsecondary institutions," the motion says. It was filed in the case California Association of Private Postsecondary Schools v. Betsy DeVos.
Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey added that she plans to sue the Education Department "to defend these critical regulations and the rights of our students and taxpayers."
"This is a betrayal of students and families across the country who are drowning in unaffordable debt," Healey said in a statement.
The Obama administration had led a crackdown on for-profit colleges accused of misconduct. The Corinthian Colleges chain was under heavy pressure from the Education Department when it shut down in 2015. In that case, more than 15,000 student claims for loan discharge because of fraud have been approved, totaling $247 million in loans.
Last year, the ITT Technical Institute, one of the nation's largest chains of for-profit colleges, shut down, saying it couldn't survive sanctions by the department. The chain had been accused of misleading students about the success of its graduates and was at risk of losing its academic accreditation.
Rohit Chopra, a senior fellow at the Consumer Federation of America, lamented DeVos' decision to revise the rules.
"This will lead to more students saddled with debt they cannot afford with taxpayers left on the hook," Chopra said. "The current rules require schools that cheat their students to pony up funds for refunds. This helps to ensure that lawbreakers pay, not taxpayers."
Betsy Mayotte, director of consumer outreach and compliance for American Student Assistance's Center for Consumer Advocacy, said the current regulations protect students who are misled into over-borrowing for underperforming programs.
"Students shouldn't have the pause button hit on their consumer protections, and this isn't the time for the Department of Education to step back from their responsibility to protect federal loan borrowers," she said.
But Steve Gunderson, president and CEO of the industry lobbying group Career Education Colleges and Universities, said in a statement that DeVos' actions would both protect students from academic fraud and "their schools from ideological efforts geared to destroy postsecondary career education."
Natalia Abrams, executive director of Student Debt Crisis, an advocacy group, said the decision sends a clear message that "Millionaires and big businesses can take advantage of the American people for huge profits, but in the end students and their families are footing the bill."
___
Collin Binkley in Boston contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Some say the world will end in fire, some say in ice, but when it comes to what sunk the Titanic, the answer has always appeared to be crystal clear. New evidence, though, might change those assumptions, The Independent reports — a researcher now believes an iceberg isn't to blame for the ocean liner's sinking, but actually a fire that had been raging in the hull of the ship for almost three weeks:
While experts have previously acknowledged the theory of a fire on board, new analysis of rarely seen photographs has prompted researchers to blame the fire as the primary cause of the ship's demise. Journalist Senan Molony, who has spent more than 30 years researching the sinking of the Titanic, studied photographs taken by the ship's chief electrical engineers before it left Belfast shipyard. Mr. Maloney said he was able to identify 30-foot-long black marks along the front right-hand side of the hull, just behind where the ship's lining was pierced by the iceberg. He said: “We are looking at the exact area where the iceberg stuck, and we appear to have a weakness or damage to the hull in that specific place, before she even left Belfast." [The Independent]
The fire was too large and too hot to be put out, with 12 men reportedly failing to quench the 1800-degree flames. Officials on board the ship were allegedly instructed not to mention the fire to the Titanic's passengers, with the ship even reversing into its berth at Southampton to keep people from seeing where the fire had damaged the ship.
"Nobody has investigated these marks before," Molony said. "It totally changes the narrative. We have metallurgy experts telling us that when you get that level of temperature against steel it makes it brittle, and reduces its strength by up to 75 percent. The fire was known about, but it was played down. She should never have been put to sea."
Over 1,500 people lost their lives when the Titanic sank on its maiden voyage between Southampton and New York City in April 1912. Jeva Lange
Authorities say a fire chief has died after he was struck by a passing vehicle while responding to a reported crash along Interstate 94 in southwestern Michigan.
The Kalamazoo County Sheriff's Department says its officers and the Comstock Township Fire Department responded Wednesday night and found an unoccupied vehicle along the eastbound lanes.
They were preparing to leave when the passing vehicle lost control and struck Comstock Township Chief Edward Switalski as he stood near the rear of his rescue vehicle. The sheriff's department says Switalski was pronounced dead at the scene and the driver who struck him was taken to a hospital with injuries.
The cause of the crash is under investigation. No injuries were reported related to the initial call that brought Switalski to the scene.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 13-year-old boy has been arrested after a series of sex attacks on women were reported to police in the space of two weeks.
Avon and Somerset police put out an appeal on April 11 after numerous women came forward about the sexual assaults in the Windmill Hill area of Bristol.
The attacks took place in the same area over two weeks between March 24 and April 5 this year. The women who reported the assaults to the police said they were inappropriately touched.
The 13-year-old boy arrested in connection with the attacks has now been released under investigation while police enquiries continue.
The first incident happened on Saturday, March 24, with two further offences happening two days later on Monday, March 26.
There were two other incidents on Sunday, April 1 and Thursday, April 5. Police said they were linking all five cases because of their “similar nature” and “close proximity to each other”.
Community reassurance patrols were carried out in the local area after the assaults.
Global Biotech Flavors Market: Snapshot
The global biotech flavors market has gained significant impetus from the rising awareness among consumers, especially in the developed countries, regarding the potential adverse impact of artificially-produced food flavors on human health. The rising health consciousness among consumers has resulted into increased preference for natural ingredients among consumers across the world and the high consumer awareness pertaining the nutritional benefits of biotech flavors is expected to contribute significantly to the growth of this market in the coming years.
The global market for biotech flavors stood at US$430.6 mn in 2015. Expanding at a CAGR of 9.70% between 2016 and 2024, the opportunity in this market is likely to touch US$991.0 mn by the end of 2024. In terms of volume, the market is estimated to cross 23,980.3 tons market over the same time period.
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=16178
Nowadays, consumers are more aware of the various nutritional values of fruits and vegetables, and the benefits such as increasing antioxidant levels, reduced risks of metabolic diseases, including obesity and diabetes, associated, with consumption. Biotech processes such as plant tissue culture, microbial fermentation, and bio-conversion, enable the conversion of fruits and vegetable ingredients into flavors without causing any adverse impact on its nutritional value and, hence, are considered as more natural compared to chemically synthesized flavors.
Fruity Flavor to Report Swift Growth in Demand
Based on the flavor, the global market for biotech flavor market is classified into vanilla and vanillin, fruity, and other flavors. Currently, the demand for other flavors is higher than vanilla and vanillin and fruity flavors. However, fruity flavor is expected to witness a high-paced growth in its demand over the next few years, thanks to the increasing consumption of processed food and beverages across the world.
Dairy products, confectionery products, bakery products, beverages, non-dairy ice cream, and nutraceuticals are the key application areas of biotech flavors. Among these, the beverages segment is expected to register a greater demand for biotech flavors in the years to come on the grounds of the increasing consumption of flavored beverages, worldwide.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/biotech-flavor-market.htm
North America to Continue as Market Leader
The global market for biotech flavors is stretched across the Middle East and Africa, North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and Latin America and is led by North America, thanks to the high awareness among consumers regarding the benefits of biotech flavors. In 2015, the regional market, followed by Europe, acquired a share of more than a share of 32% in the overall market. Researchers anticipate the North America market for biotech flavors to retain its leadership over the forthcoming years.
On the other hand, Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness a high-paced growth in its market for biotech flavors in the near future, thanks to the strong demand for biotech flavors from emerging economies, such as China and India. The health and wellness trend is also expected to support the growth of the Asia Pacific biotech flavor market and prompt manufacturers to apply innovative strategies across the supply chain to ensure wide availability of biotech flavors for consumers over the years to come. Apart from this, the increasing demand for beverages in this region is expected to create vital opportunities for the players in the global market.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May had been due to make her statement at 11.15am.
But at 11.04am, the Prime Minister emerged from the black door of No 10 into chilly Downing Street, a road where the sun rarely shines thanks to the narrowness of the street and the height of the buildings.
Clearly, this was a Tory leader in a hurry.
A few minutes earlier, a tweet from the BBC's political editor revealed that Mrs May would announce a general election would take place on June 8.
As the PM, her hands gripping either side of the austere wooden lectern standing on the tarmac, confirmed the news, a clatter of camera shutters hammered away.
A plain-clothes bodyguard stood about 20 feet away on her right, a uniformed officer 20 feet to her left.
(Photo: REUTERS)
Outside the black iron gates, curious tourists pushed camera phones through the railings, struggling to hear the latest historic announcement from this most historic of streets.
Dozens of journalists and photographers, many of whom only arrived home late last night from their Easter breaks, herded behind the crash barriers in Downing Street.
Mrs May was steely, resolute, authoritative - Prime Ministerial.
A TV light shone brightly into her heavily made-up face, as she was seemingly immune to the cool breeze sweeping down the street.
Even when there was a slight problem with the sound and microphone, she simply spoke over it, drowning out the interference with authority.
The most impressive element of her seven-minute declaration was the blatant U-turn, the way she seemed to blame others for forcing her hand.
Here stood an unelected Prime Minister, constrained by her wafer-thin majority, hampered by the House of Lords.
Since she seized the Tory reins in July, swiping aside leading Brexiteers Boris Johnson, Michael Gove and Andrea Leadsom, she has repeatedly denied she would call an early election.
There were far important issues – the divorce from the EU being chief among them.
The country would go the polls in 2020, she insisted.
In private, her aides were even more forceful, explaining that this was a PM who was a woman of her word.
If she said there would be no early ballot, there would be no early ballot.
Obviously Mrs May's five-day walking holiday in Snowdonia provided an opportunity to put things in sharp focus.
Time to think away from the grinding relentlessness of the Westminster bubble.
A glance at the polls, which show a Labour Party trailing by up to 21 points, proved too irresistible.
This morning, she revealed she had changed her mind, claiming she had done so only “recently and reluctantly”.
So, the country will go to the polls on June 8 – for many, the third time they will have done so in less than a year.
As the PM put it: “Let the people decide.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Consumer Electronics Show (CES) kicks off in Las Vegas this week, with technology companies from around the globe descending on "Sin City" to showcase their latest gadgets and offer a glimpse into our digital future.
From the camcorder and the CD player to the Xbox and the plasma TV, some of the best-known technologies of all time have debuted at CES, and some of the most famous industry figures have given keynotes, including Bill Gates, Michael Dell and Elon Musk.
This year marks the show's 50th annivarsary. The first CES kicked off in 1967, with 250 exhibitors and 17,500 attendees gathered in New York City. Since then, CES has grown by more than 10-fold, and now encompasses both traditional and non-traditional tech industries.
In 2016, CES attracted 3,886 exhibitors and 177,393 attendees, and covered more than 2.48 million square feet of exhibition space - with highlights ranging from HTC's Vive virtual reality headset to Volkswagen's gesture-controlled dashboard.
2017's show promises to be even bigger. Although many technology companies such as Apple and Google now run their own events, consumer tech giants like Samsung, Sony, LG and Panasonic continue to use CES to unveil their latest TVs, smartphones and home appliances.
However, often the most surprising innovations come from small companies and Kickstarter projects, in categories such as wearable technology, smart home appliances and 3D printing.
Here's everything you need to know about CES 2017:
When is it?
CES 2017 officially runs from Thursday January 5 to Sunday January 8. However, products will start to be unveiled from Monday January 2, with many of the big product announcements being made during the press days on Tuesday January 3 and Wednesday January 4.
In previous years, CES has taken place at the same time as the pornographic film trade fair, Adultcon. However, the two will not coincide in 2017.
Where is it?
(Photo: Caters)
Las Vegas has long been the home of CES, with the Las Vegas Convention Center (LVCC) acting as the focal point. Over the course of the week, events will take place across the city, in many of the famous casinos including Mandalay Bay, the Bellagio, and the Wynn.
Who will be there?
The event will feature keynote speeches from prominent industry figures including Qualcomm chief executive Steve Mollenkopf, Nissan chief Carlos Ghosn, Under Armour chief Kevin Plank and Richard Yu, head of Huawei's Consumer Business Group.
Many of the world's biggest consumer technology companies will also be unveiling their latest products at the event, including LG , Bosch, Huawei, Panasonic, Qualcomm, Toyota, Hisense, Samsung , ZTE and Sony.
Key themes
5G: It may feel like 4G technology still has a long way to go, but the future of 5G and its effect on the connected world will be a major focus at CES 2017.
Once considered a luxury, the demand for streaming services, social media and games has turned high-speed mobile internet into an essential utility.
(Photo: Getty)
"From the Internet of Things, to virtual reality to self-driving cars and beyond, connectivity is at the core of emerging innovation," said Gary Shapiro, president and chief executive of the Consumer Technology Association, which runs CES.
Artificial intelligence: AI has made big strides in 2016 - from Google's AlphaGo beating the world champion of Go at his own game to the stratospheric success of the app Prisma that converts photos into incredibly realistic looking paintings using AI.
These computer "brains" are now giving humans the power to simulate virtual worlds and giving computers the intelligence to understand the real world.
Expect to see companies exploring new ways to use the technology in 2017, and developing apps that integrate with virtual personal assistants like Apple Siri , Microsoft Cortana, Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa .
Connected cars: Cars have become an increasingly prominent feature of CES in recent years, as the vehicles themselves become more and more high-tech. From eco-friendly electric cars to driverless vehicles, the "car of the future" is again expected to be a major theme of the show.
2016 has seen the first trials of driverless cars on British roads, while over in America, companies including Google , Uber and Ford are all at advanced stages of testing.
Meanwhile, the Autonomous Vehicle Marketplace at CES has grown by 75% since its inception in 2014, and more than a dozen conference sessions are dedicated to autonomous vehicles at this year's show.
Virtual reality: This year has seen the launch of several major VR headsets including the HTC Vive , Oculus Rift and PlayStation VR , as well as more low-tech options such as Google Daydream View .
Now that the hardware is there, the next big step will be to ensure there is enough VR content to keep consumers engaged - and enable compatibility across different platforms.
While the gaming industry is already hard at work on this, and film and TV companies are starting to dip a toe in the water , app developers have some way to go to catch up with the likes of Google Tilt Brush .
Sleep tech: For the first time this year, CES will have its own Sleep Tech Marketplace, sponsored by the National Sleep Foundation.
New technology promises not only to help consumers better understand their own sleep, but to help significantly improve their overall health.
"From sleep trackers and silent alarms, to bedroom lighting, white noise and even smart beds, sleep technologies are helping us take control of our nighttime routines and rejuvenate efficiently," said Shapiro.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST Overall W L T Pts GF GA W L T Boston College 9 3 0 18 38 28 9 7 2 Northeastern 8 3 0 16 35 24 10 5 1 Providence 6 4 1 13 33 24 10 7 1 Boston U. 6 6 1 13 44 37 8 10 1 UMass Lowell 6 6 0 12 32 39 9 8 0 UConn 5 7 1 11 41 34 8 11 2 Maine 4 4 1 9 26 29 8 7 1 New Hampshire 4 4 1 9 20 22 9 6 1 UMass 3 4 0 6 20 27 8 7 0 Vermont 1 6 2 4 19 34 4 10 3 Merrimack 1 6 1 3 16 26 3 9 3
___
Friday's Games
Merrimack 4, Army 1
Maine 7, Quinnipiac 4
UConn 4, Colgate 2
UMass-Lowell 3, Boston U. 2
Providence 8, RIT 3
Saturday's Games
Northeastern 5, Boston College 2
Boston U. 9, UMass-Lowell 3
Maine 5, Quinnipiac 3
Army 4, New Hampshire 3
RIT 4, Providence 0
Brown 2, Vermont 2
Sunday, Dec. 10
Merrimack at New Hampshire, 4 p.m.
UMass at Union (N.Y.), 5 p.m.
Saturday, Dec. 16
Northeastern at Merrimack, 4 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
LINCOLN, Neb. – Hunters may begin donating deer to the Hunters Helping the Hungry (HHH) program Sept. 1 at 18 processor locations around the state. Three additional processors will accept deer for the program starting Nov. 11.
Hunters pay no processing costs for deer accepted by processors for this donation-driven program.
The HHH program is funded solely by tax-deductible contributions. Ground venison is distributed by charitable organizations to Nebraskans in need. Hunters should first talk with processors but may keep antlers, head and cape and donate the rest of the deer. Processors accept only whole deer in good condition to ensure a good yield of pure ground venison.
Learn more about the program and how to support it at OutdoorNebraska.org/HHH or contact program coordinator Teresa Lombard at 402 471-5430 or teresa.lombard@nebraska.gov.
The participating meat processors are: Amherst – Belschner Custom Meats; Bayard – WyoBraska Wild Game Processors; Blair – Blair Meat Market (starting Nov. 11); Cozad – Busy Bones Butcher; Diller – Diller Locker Company (starting Nov. 11); Elwood – SteakMaster; Franklin – Franklin Locker; Humphrey – Country Butcher (starting Nov. 11); Johnson – Pelican's Meat Processing; Lindsay – Melcher's Locker; North Bend – Bob's Custom Meats; North Platte – Kelley's Custom Pack; Oakland – Oakland Processing; Omaha – B.I.G. Meats, Stoysich House of Sausage; Orleans – Harlan County Meat Processors; Oxford – Oxford Locker; Panama – Panama Locker; Table Rock – Den's Country Meats; Ulysses – The Butchery; Wahoo – Wahoo Locker.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal are at that stage of their season again - the dreaded last 16 of the Champions League.
The last time Arsene Wenger's side navigated this hurdle was back in 2010 when they beat Porto 6-2 on aggregate before crashing out to Barcelona in the quarter-finals.
Ties against AC Milan, Monaco, Barcelona and, of course, Bayern Munich have all played host to Arsenal's annual unravelling in recent years.
But that can all change on Wednesday night when the two sides go head to head at the Allianz Arena for the first leg of their Champions League clash.
(Photo: Getty)
Why? Well because we have some foolproof insight straight from the training ground that will help the Gunners get one over their European rivals - see for yourself in the video above.
Robert Lewandowski
The Polish striker offers his side a lot in terms of scoring goals - a bit of a problem for Arsenal, because conceding those are never much fun...
However, there is a very easy, and entirely practical solution - surround him.
Now we're not saying: "Arsene, just tell Laurent Koscielny to keep an eye on him and everything will be fine".
(Photo: Bongarts/Getty Images)
No, we're saying tell everyone to man-mark him. It's a pretty severe tactic, granted, but Lewandowski isn't going to be very effective, is he? Exactly.
Douglas Costa
Now we're big fans of Douglas Costa, and he is more than capable of causing Arsenal a few problems.
One area we think they'll be safe from him though - judging by the training footage in the above video - is in the penalty area. Well no, more specifically, from the penalty spot.
(Photo: Getty Images)
See for yourself as the Brazilian tries his best to hit the back of the net in a competition against Franck Ribery, and doesn't do that well.
Still, when he's one-on-one he can be pretty devastating, so if the Gunners can convince Costa to take any potential spot-kick in either of their two games - you know by whispering in his ear: "You should be taking this penalty, Costa, you won it after it, it's not fair!" - they should be fine.
Manuel Neuer
A match-winner in every sense of the word - he can win a match playing by himself, probably.
However he can be neutralised - not in goal mind you, which we admit is still a bit of a problem - if the Arsenal eleven are prepared to 'take one for the team' in Germany.
(Photo: 2016 Getty Images)
Now Neuer likes to get forward at every possibly opportunity, and as the above video shows, he can strike the ball in spectacular style.
Arsenal's best bet is to take him out in anyway necessary (the opposite of what they did when Eden Hazard ran at them recently, but that's for another time) to prevent him from scoring.
Thomas Muller
WARNING: Stay well out the way of him.
We all know that the Arsenal team are made of glass at the best of times, and picking up injuries is, well it's an inevitability, but it can be avoided... to an extent
(Photo: 2016 Getty Images)
As the training footage shows, the Gunners MUST keep out the way of the 27-year-old any time he looks like he is going to go in for a slide tackle.
Why? Well, because he is a bit of a menace, as you can see. Simple as that really.
Arjen Robben
Arsenal will be well aware of the ability of Arjen Robben, and will likely have a very good idea as to how they can neutralise him - it's just whether it works or not is the problem.
The Dutchman LOVES to sprint down the wing and cut in before having a shot on goal. So prevent him from cutting in, EASY!
(Photo: AFP/Getty Images)
The only problem is, he loves to run to the byline too and whip in a tasty cross from time to time. So don't let him do that either...
Basically just keep an eye on him and don't let him do anything. And if all these things are considered and put into practise Arsenal should prevail.
We think.
New Delhi: Cristiano Ronaldo has been suspended for five games after he was sent off in Real Madrid's 3-1 win against Barcelona in the Spanish Super Cup first-leg on Sunday.
He was given a one-match ban for being shown two yellow cards and a further four for pushing the referee in the back after he had been sent off.
Ronaldo has also been fined 3,805 Euros for his actions, with Madrid having to pay 1,750 Euros.
The bookings at the Nou Camp were for taking off his shirt to celebrate his goal to make it 2-1 and for a dive.
He will miss Wednesday's second leg against Barcelona and La Liga opener against Deportivo La Coruna on August 20.
Ronaldo will also miss the next three Lal Liga fixtures against Valencia, Levante and Real Sociedad.
The 32-year-old has 10 days to appeal.
The Portugal international will be able to play in the Champions League but will not return to domestic action until 20 September against Real Betis.
Wind Advisory issued February 14 at 3:35PM MST expiring February 16 at 5:00AM MST in effect for: Union
Flood Warning issued February 14 at 2:31AM MST expiring February 15 at 2:31AM MST in effect for: Elko
Flood Warning issued February 14 at 1:36AM MST expiring February 15 at 1:36AM MST in effect for: Elko
Flood Warning issued February 14 at 12:46AM MST expiring February 15 at 12:46AM MST in effect for: Elko
Flood Warning issued February 13 at 12:07AM MST expiring February 14 at 11:00PM MST in effect for: Elko
Alyssa Edwards
Alyssa Edwards
ASHLAND, Ohio (AP) - An Ohio woman who went back to work and delayed care after her 8-year-old son shot his 4-year-old sister daughter multiple times with a rifle has pleaded guilty to child endangerment.
The Ashland Times-Gazette reports 28-year-old Alyssa Edwards' plea Monday in Ashland County comes a week before her trial.
Edwards came home after learning of the shooting March 3, bandaged the girl and returned to work. Prosecutors say she decided to take her to the hospital later that day when she noticed urine trickling from a stomach wound.
The children were alone when the shooting occurred. The girl has since recovered.
A judge vacated a no-contact order Monday to allow Edwards to visit her children, who are in county custody.
Edwards' attorney wasn't immediately available for comment Tuesday.
(Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The audio of a 911 call after a stuntwoman suffered a fatal motorcycle crash on the set of the new Deadpool 2 movie reveals how the shoot went horribly wrong - and how panic subsequently ensued.
The recording reveals how the tragedy on the set of the Ryan Reynolds film in Vancouver - initially described as "an actor on a stunt set who has gone through a window" - happened.
In a chilling description of events to emergency services, an unidentified male caller says: "The actor lost control, went across the street, over a curb and through a glass pane window into a building across the street."
The Mirror earlier reported how the rider successfully completed the stunt four times in the Canadian city's Jack Poole Plaza, before disaster stuck on the fifth attempt.
Local media reports the "the throttle somehow engaged" and the rider lost control while 'stood' on the motorbike.
(Image: MEGA)
Witnesses said the bike flew through the air and crashed though glass window on the ground floor of the Shaw Tower.
In the 911 recording, the emergency services call handler says: "The actor went through the window of vehicle, or something?
A male caller says: "No, the actor lost control, went across the street, over a curb and through a glass pane window into a building across the street."
(Image: global news)
Another voice says: "Just so that guy is aware, the stunt actor was airborne through the building."
A voice sounds as though they describe the actor as "hasn't been moving".
The recording was published by Hollywood gossip website TMZ .
Onlookers thought the crash was part of filming but quickly realised it was a serious "unplanned" crash, they told TV crews.
(Image: global news)
There was said to be no sound of brakes before the crash.
“People were running on the sidewalk, the motorcycle comes flying across the street, looks like from a ramp because it was in the air,” one witness told Global News .
“[The rider was] standing on the bike, slams into that building, clearly hit and out-of-control and clearly not planned.”
(Image: Ben Miljure? @CTVNewsBen /Twitter)
(Image: Splash News)
“It was so out-of-control, it looked like an accident.”
The incident is said to have occurred about 8.20am local time (4.20pm UK time).
Police and ambulance rushed to the scene and the rider was put in an Advanced Life Support ambulance.
However, the vehicle remained at the scene for 45 minutes - and eventually left for the hospital without lights and sirens.
(Image: global news)
The movie stars Ryan Reynolds as the Marvel Comics character Deadpool.
It is unclear if Reynolds was on the set today but he was photographed on set filming last week in the city.
(Image: Ben Miljure? @CTVNewsBen /Twitter)
The film is the sequel to the first film which came out to massive critical acclaim last year - and grossed $783.1million (£604million) worldwide.
Vancouver Police tweeted: "A stunt driver has died on the set of Deadpool during a stunt on a motorcycle.
"VPD & WorkSafeBC investigators are at the scene."
(Image: Splash News)
WorkSafeBC spokesperson Trish Knight Chernecki said the agency has launched a long-term investigation into the accident and has a total of five officers currently on the scene.
A spokesman for Fox did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The incident comes 24 hours after Tom Cruise fell on the set of Mission: Impossible being filmed in London, injuring himself.
In July veteran stuntman John Bernecker died from injuries on the set filming scenes for The Walking Dead in Atlanta.
N. Korean Leader Kim Jong-un's Half-Brother Is Dead. But Why?
Enlarge this image toggle caption The Asahi Shimbun via Getty Images The Asahi Shimbun via Getty Images
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround his suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
Exiled Half-Brother Of North Korean Leader Reported Dead In Malaysia Exiled Half-Brother Of North Korean Leader Reported Dead In Malaysia Listen · 4:11 4:11
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when he tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. He later said he was trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for his love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while he was in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified him as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but he died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesman Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given his sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if he was killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune he handled, or that he was the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," he says.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
GALLIPOLIS — The Gallipolis Foundation is planning to clean up Gallipolis. A community clean up day is scheduled for Saturday June 16 from 8 a.m. until noon.
June 16 was chosen in particular because it coincides with the Gallia County Landfill's free dump day, which will be open from 7:30 until noon.
Volunteers will be going around the city collecting trash, offering to help clean up individual yards, trim up bushes and trees that are encroaching on the sidewalk, and shrink wrap furniture that will be disposed of.
There will also be a special collection point for appliances and electronics on the city parking lot across from the municipal building on Third Avenue.
“All of that stuff will be a free service, we have volunteers that are coming but so far, we need more volunteers. We've only had a couple organizations that have agreed to send people,” said Mindy Caldwell, member of the Gallipolis Foundation. “Our intent is to cleanup within a few blocks here in the city, but it depends on how many volunteers we get.”
The more volunteers that are show up, the more of Gallipolis they plan to help clean up. Some of those volunteers will be cleaning up trash, others will be clearing bushes, and others still will be helping move heavy furniture and appliances.
“If we see trash in people's yards we will knock on their door and ask if they're okay with us cleaning up their yard for them.” said Caldwell. Our intent really is just the beautification of the City of Gallipolis.”
To volunteer for the clean up day, visit the Foundation's Facebook page or send them an email at gallipolisfoundation@gmail.com.
By Morgan McKinniss mmckinniss@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-2342 ext 2108.
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-2342 ext 2108.
Today, Canada's government announced that it will pay $4.5 billion to Kinder Morgan to buy both the 65-year-old Trans Mountain pipeline and the controversial Trans Mountain Expansion Project. The government also announced that it will assume liability for construction costs of the project, which could cost Canadian taxpayers billions more. In response, experts with Oil Change International released the following statements:
Adam Scott, Senior Advisor at Oil Change International, said:
“Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is making a historic mistake in buying the doomed Kinder Morgan project. At a critical moment in history, the government is indeed doing ‘whatever it takes' to undermine our transition to a safe, clean, renewable energy future. “Like other proposed export pipeline projects before it, Kinder Morgan will not be built. Public opposition, legal challenges, and failing economics have stopped all new tar sands export to date. This government is using taxpayer money to buy a doomed asset with no value.”
Hannah McKinnon, Director of the Energy Futures and Transitions Program at Oil Change International, said:
“As Maya Angelou said, ‘When people show you who they are, believe them.' Prime Minister Trudeau is not a climate champion – he is a shill for an industry that knows its days are numbered. This absurd miscalculation threatens the climate, jeopardizes the economy, and strips Canada of its commitment to First Nations rights and any remaining credibility it had on climate. This pipeline will not be built, but Trudeau's legacy as a disgraced climate leader is set in stone.”
Alex Doukas, Director of the Stop Funding Fossils Program at Oil Change International, said:
“Canada has repeatedly committed to end fossil fuel subsidies alongside other G7 leaders. Now, just days before Canada hosts the G7 Leaders' Summit, the Trudeau government has wasted billions of dollars in Canadian taxpayer money by taking on a doomed pipeline project and all of the liabilities that come along with it, which is effectively a massive fossil fuel subsidy. “It's not surprising that Kinder Morgan – the successor to fraud-plagued Enron – would try to unload this boondoggle onto the shoulders of taxpayers. What's surprising and disappointing is that the Trudeau government fell for it.”
https://www.globalresearch.ca/canadas-deal-to-purchase-kinder-morgan-assets/5642327
We are sorry, but you cannot access the article/video/photo because you are not a subscriber. Click here to subscribe, or contact us at Pajhwok for more information.
Click Here For One Day Free Subscription
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND HEIGHTS, MO (KPLR) You've heard the expression, “When life gives you lemons, you make lemonade.” A popular burger joint took that adage to heart after intruders broke in and left a mess.
Instead of closing for the day, the Hi-Pointe Drive-In in Richmond Heights saw the incident as an opening to do some good.
“We turn lemons into what we call, Burger-ade,” owner Mike Johnson said.
Johnson, also a co-owner of SugarFire Smokehouse, is familiar with the challenges of operating a small business. But he was taken by surprise when he discovered that his newest venture, the Hi Pointe- Drive-In on McCausland, was broken into on a recent Sunday morning.
“We walked in and there was a cash register on the ground, and it was all smashed up. I went out front, and sure enough, somebody threw a brick through [the front door].”
Armed with a positive attitude and a sense of humor, Johnson immediately had the front door replaced and came up with the idea for a new “Smash & Grab Burger.”
“We smash and you grab it,” he explained.
The new menu item was a hit, as was the display outside the front door. He wrote a message on the same brick that was used to break into the restaurant.
“We wrote on there, ‘Please don't toss through the window,'” he said.
But perhaps the biggest response to the “Hamburglars” (Johnson's description), was the drive-in's decision to give back.
As in, give back to the community.
“The guys that did it look kind of like young kids,” he said. “We called a friend of ours, and said, ‘Do you know of a charity that we could raise money for kids? And they said, ‘Big Brothers Big Sisters.'”
The broken-in burger joint gave five percent of its proceeds that day to Big Brothers Big Sisters of Eastern Missouri – a shock to the non-profit's president and CEO. Becky Hatter said she wasn't aware of the promotion until a colleague called her.
“And I'm like, ‘What?' And they're like, ‘Go look on social media.'”
Overwhelmed, Hatter said she immediately drove to the drive-in. Since the Hi-Pointe Drive-In was giving to her, she decided to give, as well, she said.
“I said I'm going to buy 29 Smash and Grab Burgers for the next 29 customers. So, it just became fun,” she said.
In total, $750 went to Big Brothers Big Sisters.
The story went viral, with several positive comments directed at the Hi-Pointe staff.
“This is so wonderful of you guys to do this. So, proud of you,” Johnson said, reading out loud one of the comments.
Hatter agreed.
“A blessing. A blessing for kids in this community.”
OXFORD, Ohio (AP) — Miami University in southwest Ohio has seen a recent spike in students taken for alcohol-related hospital treatment.
Authorities say 21 emergency calls for alcohol-related illness involving college-age people were made over four days starting last Thursday evening.
The Oxford school's fraternities and sororities had a moratorium on alcohol-related events during the recruitment process for new pledges. The moratorium was lifted last Thursday as the rush reason ended.
The reports of hospitalizations prompted university officials to call an emergency meeting with fraternity and sorority leaders at the home of President Gregory Crawford.
Miami has a number of alcohol education programs in place to address excessive student drinking.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Ampati: Congress candidate Miani Dalbot Shira won the Meghalaya's Ampati Assembly constituency bypolls on Thursday. Shira the eldest daughter of Leader of Opposition and former Chief Minister Mukul Sangma. Shira defeated National People`s Party (NPP) candidate Clement G. Momin.
The by-poll was necessitated after Mukul relinquished the seat in March after he was elected from here as well as Songsak assembly constituency defeating senior NPP leader Nihim Dalbot Shira.
The NPP candidate was supported by the coalition partners of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance government.
The State Street Corporation, a financial services company that put the "Fearless Girl" statue on Wall Street to promote the importance of women working in corporate leadership roles, will pay $5 million after an investigation found that it underpaid female and black executives.
The company denies any wrongdoing, but will pay as part of a settlement with the Department of Labor. Law360 reported on the payout earlier this week, and Bloomberg posted the text of the conciliation agreement online.
The Department of Labor investigation found "statistically significant" differences in the pay given women and men in leadership roles at the firm, as well as between the compensation of black and white employees. The differences persisted when the investigators accounted for "legitimate factors," the Department of Labor says.
A spokeswoman for the company tells NPR the investigation, which began in 2012, examined executive pay at the company's Boston headquarters in 2010 and 2011. In an official statement, the company says it "disagreed with" the findings of the investigation but "made a decision to bring this six-year-old matter to resolution and move forward."
State Street is "committed to equal pay practices," the company's statement continued.
State Street Corporation commissioned the Fearless Girl statue on Wall Street in honor of International Women's Day this year.
The "confident young" girl is staring down the famous Charging Bull statue — much to the chagrin of Arturo Di Modica, that statue's sculptor, who says it unacceptably alters the meaning of his work.
The statuary stand-off gained a new participant for a few hours this spring, when a small pug statue lifted its leg beside the Fearless Girl's foot.
After installing the statue, State Street said the piece of art sent a "powerful message." "[O]ur goal was to raise awareness and drive a conversation around the need to improve gender diversity in corporate leadership roles," the company wrote. It also shared advice on how to increase the representation of women on corporate boards.
The statue had a mixed reaction from the start.
In March, NPR's Rose Friedman reported that some people were charmed by it, but others — like economist Sylvia Ann Hewlett — had fundamental objections. Hewlett didn't criticize State Street itself; she called it more progressive than many of its competitors. But the statue ...
"Please don't depict American womanhood as a cute 9-year-old," Hewlett told Rose. "The choice of portraying the fierce female as someone who is immature, as someone who hasn't tangled with the world, is a little bit of a travesty."
“The moment before her soul left her body my daughter asked me, are we also foreigners?” The lingering image in Subasri Krishnan's film What the Fields Remember is of Sirajuddin Ahmed, a survivor of the 1983 Nellie massacre in Assam, dressed in white, lying back on a battered foldable chair with a wooden frame, his hands linked over his head. A portrait of a man frozen in time, repeatedly reliving the day his wife and four of his five daughters were murdered by a mob.
It was the brutal, six-hour climax of an anti-foreigner agitation led by the Assam Students Union that had been playing out for four years. Ahmed's daughters had also carried placards against “illegal immigrants” from Bangladesh on the voter list. Take them off the list, protestors demanded. When Bengali speaking Muslims decided to go ahead and cast their vote that February, Nellie was the response.
According to the most conservative estimates, more than 2,000 were killed. The Indira Gandhi government handed out Rs5,000 for every family member who died.
Abdul Khayer, the film's other survivor-protagonist, shakes as he shares a stack of documents that prove his identity as an Indian citizen. “I was born here. I belong here. Despite that, they say the people who died that day were Bangladeshis.” His toddler son was murdered by a man wielding a sickle that cleaved the child's skull into two as he clung on to his fleeing father's back. That day, Khayer lost his two sons, his only daughter, his wife, his brother and his parents. Thirty two people in his extended family died.
Now, 34 years later, human rights activist Harsh Mander wants you to join a sweeping month-long Karawan e Mohabbat (Caravan of Love), which starts from Nellie on 4 September. He picked Nellie because it's up there in our ugly record of post-Partition massacres, and because it's the only time no one was punished or tried for the mass crime.
The Caravan of Love, Mander's response to the rise in hate crimes, will visit families who have lost their loved ones in recent lynchings in Assam, Jharkhand, (possibly) Karnataka, western Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Rajasthan and Gujarat before it culminates in Porbandar, the birthplace of Mahatma Gandhi, on 2 October. He's been flooded with letters of solidarity since he shared this idea.
Mander is especially looking for writers, poets, musicians, artists and others who can chronicle this journey as it unfolds. This week he will make an appeal to help finance this journey through crowdfunding website Crowdera. “We have almost no money so far. I'm letting it unfold as most things in life that have seemed impossible,” he tells me.
He's on Twitter now, thanks to his friends at the Digital Empowerment Foundation (DEF). DEF along with change.org, Amnesty and Youth Ki Awaaz will run the social media campaign for the journey. A number of NGOs have offered their support to help with the logistics in individual states.
Mander says that in a way, decentralised lynchings are even scarier than riots because the latter are restricted to a particular geography. “With lynchings, in a sense, everyone is made to feel that violence can happen at any time, any place. It's a message to an entire community,” he tells me over the phone. “We need to say loud and clear and not be defensive there's a permissive enabling environment for the acting out of this hate that is being fostered in a variety of ways,” he adds.
Mander thinks it's important to acknowledge our history of mass targeted violence so the Caravan of Love will weave its way through places such as Nellie, the 1984 Sikh widows' colony at Tilak Vihar in Delhi, Kandhamal (violence against Christians) in Orissa and Tsundur (the site of a Dalit massacre) in Andhra Pradesh. It will also pay tribute to Babasaheb Ambedkar by a halt at his birthplace Mhow.
Mander first showed us the love in his heart when the serving IAS officer spoke up against the Gujarat riots in 2002 in a searing Times of India editorial: “There are no voices like Gandhi's that we hear today. Only discourses on Newtonian physics, to justify vengeance on innocents. We need to find these voices within our own hearts, we need to believe enough in justice, love, tolerance,” he said then. He was a bureaucrat for 22 years, but resigned shortly after writing this.
The idea of a journey as protest has been executed most famously by Mahatma Gandhi in his Salt March and Martin Luther King's March on Washington. In recent times, people have come out in large numbers across the world to protest or express solidarity for a variety of causes. Thousands of Americans marched in cities and at airports across their country against President Donald Trump's ban on travel from seven Muslim-majority countries earlier this year.
Now Mander is appealing to you to stop looking away. “It's a call of conscience to India's majority,” he says in a statement.
“These assaults are characterised by bystanders who actively support the killing, or do nothing to stop it. Pehlu Khan is killed on a busy national highway; in Una, attackers circulate videos of whippings, convinced of their valour and impunity. Akhlaq is lynched by his neighbours. Junaid is stabbed 30 times on a crowded train,” Mander adds, referencing recent murders.
The silence of the bystander worries him even more than the failure of the police or the indifference of the political leadership. “Why are we silent? Why are we not speaking out?” he says over the phone. “We need to struggle with our own sentiments that condone or make us indifferent to the acting out of hate against a specific community.” Mander's journey is one of atonement and love. Because darkness, he believes, can only be dispelled by light.
New Delhi: The Delhi government has pegged the size of the Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) at Rs 6.86 lakh crore for 2017-18, which is at a growth rate of 11.22 percent over the last fiscal.
Ahead of the Delhi budget, the latest economic survey of the national capital was tabled in the Assembly on Monday, which has estimated that the city's per capita income was almost three times of the national average, both at current and constat prices.
"The advance estimate of the GSDP of Delhi at current prices during 2017-18 is likely to attain a level of Rs 6,86,017 crore, which is at a growth of 11.22 percent over 2016-17," according to the the Economic Survey of Delhi 2017-18.
The advance estimate of the Net State Domestic Product (NSDP) of Delhi at current prices is likely to attain a level of Rs 6,26,002 crore in 2017-18, which is estimated to grow at 11.51 percent over 2016-17, it said.
The survey also said that around 75 percent existing value added tax (VAT) dealers have migrated to Goods and Services Tax (GST) up to December 2017.
The Delhi Legislative Assembly had passed the State Goods and Services Act on May 31, 2017 and thus GST rolled out in Delhi with effect from July 1, 2017.
Also, the national capital has maintained its consistent Revenue Surplus which was Rs 5,044 crore in 2016-17 (provisional) as compared to Rs 8,656 crore in 2015-16.
Members Of U.S. Army Special Forces Killed In Niger Three Green Berets were killed and two more were wounded in an ambush in Niger. The U.S. special forces are in Niger to train local forces in anti-terrorism tactics to battle violent extremists.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A rape victim who was driven to suicide says she was left "humiliated" by the justice system after she bumped into her attacker 'laughing and chatting' with people in the court corridors.
The woman, who remains anonymous, was terrified when she came face to face with her rapist as he was “strolling about” court as she was due to give evidence.
And now she is calling on the courts to put a better system into place to support rape victims who are forced to relive their traumatic ordeals in a bid to bring their attackers to justice.
She said: “The rape was horrific and then the whole process was horrific.
“I want people to know what it is really like. I felt humiliated and terrified by the whole experience.”
The victim, who we are calling Miss X, said the first she knew that her attacker was finally to be prosecuted was when she heard someone had been cited as a witness.
She bravely gave evidence at the High Court in Glasgow but said the questions put to her by the prosecution were every bit as brutal as those from the rapist's defence, reports the Daily Record.
Her claims will spark fresh calls for Scotland's legal chiefs to look again at the way rape victims are dealt with by the courts.
Jason Okwara was found guilty of raping Miss X and another woman, and sexually assaulting a third woman, in Dundee between 2004 and 2012.
(Image: Facebook)
The 45-year-old, who is originally from the US, pleaded not guilty to all charges, forcing his victims to give evidence and relive the horror of the attacks.
He was found guilty, remanded in custody and is due to be sentenced on December 20.
In a brutal attack in a flat on August 1, 2009, Okwara grabbed Miss X, pulled her into her bedroom, pushed her onto the bed, removed her clothes and raped her.
She said: “I kept on shouting, ‘No', but he wouldn't stop.
“He pinned me to the bed and said, ‘Your mouth is saying no, but your body is saying yes.' I'll never forget those words for the rest of my life.
“It felt like it lasted forever and I was frozen with fear. Afterwards, he got up and left like nothing happened. I just lay on the bed for what seemed like hours.
“I felt completely broken by it.”
Miss X said she went to police two days after the rape and swabs were taken.
She said: “I was then told that even though police said they knew he was guilty, there was insufficient evidence to proceed.”
Devastated by what had happened, Miss X found herself in “a spiral of depression and alcohol” and tried to take her own life the next year.
Recalling how she woke up in hospital afterwards, she said: “I had no memory of it but I had taken lots of pills. I was very nearly successful.”
She said her ordeal continued when she was contacted by police out of the blue.
(Image: Google Maps)
Miss X said: “They gave no explanation but just started going into all the evidence again of what happened to me – just like that, from nowhere.
“I think now it was because another victim had come forward.
“I remember just sitting there after the call, totally shocked and exhausted. All the feelings came back.”
Then, earlier this year, she heard someone had been cited as a witness. Miss X said that was the first she knew about the case going ahead.
She said of her experience at the High Court: “I was shocked to see Okwara strolling about the place. He was laughing and chatting to people.
“I had to walk past him but was terrified to do so. A police officer must have seen what was happening because he escorted me, which was an act of kindness.
“I had seen Okwara once before in public since the rape and I was able to get away from him. This time I couldn't get away from him. I had to give evidence.”
Miss X said she was told that a support worker would be with her in the witness stand but added: “When it came to my evidence, the person was not there. I felt totally alone.
(Image: Facebook)
“The questions from the prosecution were as bad for me as the questions from the defence. It was horrific.
“It is like that dream where you realise you are standing naked in public. Only you can't wake up. You just stand there totally humiliated.”
Despite her nightmare experience, Miss X wants other victims to speak up.
She said: “I want something positive to come from my ordeal, and if my voice can help spur on change and make future victims of rape have a more positive experience, then it is going to be worth it. Change needs to happen.
“I don't want other rape victims not go to the police. I want for them to feel confident that they will be treated with respect and kindness, and communicated with – all the things I was not afforded.”
She added: “If you had asked me in 2010 whether I regretted going to the police, I would have said yes.
“To go through everything I did, only to be told there wasn't enough evidence to prosecute, was gut-wrenching.
“Now, having gone through the court process – having experienced both the terribly bad and the randomly kind acts that have gone with it – I'd say to anyone who has been raped, ‘Speak up.'”
Miss X believes there should be more female police officers available to deal with rape victims.
She also said counselling should be offered to victims as standard. And she added: “In court, there should be a dedicated safe space and alternative entrance to split the accused and the victim.”
(Image: Facebook)
A Rape Crisis Scotland spokeswoman said: “Even in cases where there is a conviction, many rape survivors tell us the cost of getting justice is too high.
“Survivors routinely tell us of lengthy delays in cases reaching court and poor communication about what's happening.
“If we're serious about encouraging rape survivors to report what has happened to them, we need to dramatically improve how they are treated throughout the process.”
The Scottish Government said: “We are clear that in every case of sexual crime, the justice system must take a victim-centred perspective.
“We are working with the Crown Office, Police Scotland and the Scottish Courts and Tribunals Service to ensure this happens across the board.
“This includes establishing specialist teams to handle cases, and working with Rape Crisis Scotland to improve communication with victims.
“The Programme for Government includes plans to further expand pre-recording of evidence for vulnerable witnesses, with legislation to be introduced before next summer.”
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn vowed to do far more to give a “real voice” to working class communities who feel their views are ignored.
He hit out at 30 years of the establishment claiming that class does not matter, which he said had led to living standards falling while a tiny minority at the very top of society have become more wealthy.
Speaking at the Unite policy conference, he said: “Labour is back as the political voice of the working class.”
He told delegates in Brighton: ”We need to do far more to give a real voice to working class communities who feel they aren't heard in politics often older people living outside the big cities in areas hit by decades of failed economic policies."
(Image: PA)
He added: “For thirty years, the media and the establishment tried to tell us that class doesn't matter anymore and that we should ditch any idea of representing and advancing the interests of the working class.
“We've seen where that's got us. Trade union membership and living standards falling while inequality and insecurity grow.
“That's why it's so important that Labour is back as the political voice of the working class in all its diversity across Britain and we will be campaigning on the issues that matter to communities that have been held back and ignored across the country in the weeks and months to come.
“Labour exists to represent the large majority of the population the many, not the few: lower and middle income voters, the skilled and unskilled: nurses and teachers, shop floor workers, builders, designers, technicians and professionals in every community, region and nation.
“Working class issues are our issues: jobs, homes, health, education.”
He said Labour would negotiate a new and comprehensive customs union with the EU after Brexit and a strong relationship with the Single Market to ensure frictionless trade and keep skilled jobs in this country.
"We would seek to build a sensible working relationship with our European partners in sharp contrast to the posturing of the Conservatives which is clearly now threatening skilled jobs in this country."
Mr Corbyn said pay was lower in real terms today for most people than it was 10 years ago.
He added: "While most people have seen their wages and living standards fall over the last eight years, a tiny minority at the very very top of society have become ever more wealthy.
"They're doing better at helping themselves to the wealth created by everybody else and being handed still more from the public purse as under this Government they've been rewarded with one tax giveaway after another."
A former mayoress of Kenilworth celebrated her 100th birthday last week.
Barbara Watts, the widow of former town councillor and mayor Joseph Watts, was visited by current deputy mayor Cllr Mike Hitchins and by St Nicholas School pupils at a party held at Kenilworth Grange care home on Friday December 8.
Pupils from St Nicholas Primary School with Barbara
Born on December 8, 1917, Barbara was born and raised in Coventry. Growing up, Barbara was a keen Coventry City fan and would often go to games as she lived near the club's old Highfield Road stadium.
She sometimes made money from the games - Barbara would offer to look after fans' bikes while they watched the match in exchange for a fee.
Barbara was also a talented dressmaker and used to make all her own clothes.
After meeting Joseph, the pair got married and moved to Kenilworth. They had one son, John, who now lives in Australia. Barbara helped out at Joseph and John's DIY shops in Kenilworth.
Barbara and Joseph (right) meeting the Queen and Prince Philip at Kenilworth Railway Station in 1963
Joseph was elected to what was then known as Kenilworth Urban District Council as an independent councillor in 1955, and was made mayor in 1963.
The highlight of this was Barbara and Joseph meeting the Queen and Prince Philip at Kenilworth Station in 1963 as part of a royal visit.
Barbara still remembers this moment fondly and has a photo of the occasion.
She was delighted to receive a telegram from the Queen upon turning 100.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When LBC radio host Bev Turner's husband Olympian James Cracknell suffered a devastating brain injury it was always going to have a dramatic effect on family life.
Then as James lay stricken in a hospital bed she discovered she was pregnant.
Just as she needed him the most James was gone - his personality transformed and a new angrier version with no empathy in his place.
Seven years on they are stronger than ever but the experience has put her in a perfect position to talk about the way children change relationships and how they evolve.
The 44 year old explained to the First Time Dads podcast why sticking together is important and gave her tips for improving your relationship when you have childen.
You can hear the episode here:
She said: "The reality is every relationship will go a bit sh*t.
"Even if you love them with amazing passion during those first couple of years you will have times when you irritate each other."
Bev, who has three children, as well as presenting on LBC radio has written a best selling book on parenting and runs an antenatal class business.
Bev said: It's really important for me that dads are there.
"We do one session life with a new born and we do a bit about how to bath your baby and that stuff but we talk about your emotional resilience.
"I say to couples 'you can't picture it now as you sit here with your big bumps and you love each other' but once you have got a baby there are so many ways in which you can let each other down on an hourly basis.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Rex)
"Because you start to view that person not as the person you fell in love with who is fabulous but you view them through the prism of whether they are a good parent.
"It's not just the mums looking at the dads thinking 'you haven't changed the nappy bin' or 'you haven't been out and bought the extra formula' or 'you've left your sweaty kit on the floor', it's also dads thinking 'I really think she should have breastfed for longer' or 'I am sure there are other dads who having sex by now"
"I always say 'please do not expect your partner to be psychic'."
How to subscribe Make sure you never miss an episode of the First Time Dads podcast. Subscribe on iTunes
Subscribe on Audioboom
Subscribe on Spotify Wherever you're subscribing, add a rating and review to let us know what you think.
Bev's husband the double Olympic gold medalist rower James Cracknell was at peak physical fitness when he was cycling, running and rowing across America in 2010 when he was hit from behind by a lorry's wing mirror and left with an injury to his frontal lobe - the part of the brain which controls personality.
Bev said: "He became an negative evil caricature of himself - all the worst characteristics amplified
"It was awful. I found out I was pregnant 10 days after the accident and so that pregnancy was intense.
"James had no capacity for empathy."
Seven and half years out from the accident he is right as rain, in fact nicer than before.
"But it was like marriage with the volume turned up, I had four children for quite a long time
"We have had to work quite hard to make sure our relationship is ok because the kids would quite like us to stay together.
"On the whole it's better for us to stay together although it is incredibly difficult.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Rex Features)
"We are 17 years together now and we were first together I think Heat magazine did a "we give it two weeks" and that is what has spurred us on - to prove people wrong.
"It's not perfect.
"It would have been so easy in those first couple of years after the accident to walk out and sat 'I can't do this' but in hindsight I am I didn't.
"You must keep making each other laugh, its the most important thing, for three years James lost his sense of humour and didn't get a joke or make jokes
"He's got it back now."
Bev told First Time Dads she and James work hard to maintain the strength of their relationship as parenting takes so much of their time.
She said: "You can be in the room with someone and still miss them
"One of things we happen with children is you can go for a long time without looking each other in the eye.
"James and I can be in the kitchen and one of us is cooking, one of us is sorting out a PE kit, one of us is shouting at a child to stop doing head stands against the wall with his trainers on
"Weeks can go by with out looking each other in the eye.
"You have not be afraid to to say to your wife or girlfriend 'I miss us, I really miss you'.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
"Leave a note on the fridge, 'please pick up some milk and the dry cleaning, please give me a kiss when you come home to tonight'
"We all get into that really passive aggressive or even aggressive conversational style where we start a sentence with 'you', James does it all the time'.
"He will come in and and I will ask him where he has been all day and he says "Well, you said..." and the conversation goes 'bang bang bang'
"So instead I say 'When i can come I was really looking forward to seeing you"."
Have a listen to the podcast, and other episodes including former cricket Andrew Flintoff talking about dealing with pushy parents, and you will hear Bev and the guys discussing parenting multiple children and sharing personal experiences.
The Happy Birth Book: Your trusted A-Z of pregnancy, birth and the early weeks by Beverley Turner is out now
CLOSE Wilmington police are investigating a shooting that occurred early Sunday morning. John J. Jankowski Jr./Special to The News Journal
Police line (Photo: Ivan Bliznetsov, Getty Images/iStockphoto)
Newark police are investigating the robbery of three University of Delaware students Saturday night.
Police said three 19-year-olds were walking on Benny Street when they were approached by two people, one with a handgun demanding they hand over their stuff.
More: Another county drama that cost taxpayers $135,000
One of the teenagers bolted, police said, and the others turned over credit cards and a cell phone.
The robbers then fled on foot, police said. UD police searched the area with a K9 but could not find the robbers, police said.
Anyone with information on this incident can contact Newark police at (302) 366-7100 ext. 3135.
Contact Adam Duvernay at aduvernay@delawareonline.com or (302) 319-1855 or @duvINdelaware.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2017/12/11/ud-students-robbed-gunpoint-saturday/940650001/
Photo: US Vice President Mike Pence (left) with South Korea's Prime Minister and acting President Hwang Kyo-Ahn during their meeting in Seoul on Sunday. Photo: AFP
Moscow, Monday
Russia has warned Washington against launching a unilateral strike on North Korea, after US Vice President Mike Pence said the era of “strategic patience” with Pyongyang was over.
“This is a very risky path,” Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said at a news conference in Moscow.
“We do not accept the reckless nuclear missile actions of Pyongyang that breach UN resolutions, but that does not mean that you can break international law,” he said.
“I hope that there will not be any unilateral actions like the one we saw recently in Syria.”
Pence today warned North Korea not to test President Donald Trump's resolve, declaring that “all options are on the table” for curbing its missile and nuclear weapons programmes.
International pressure
Defying international pressure, the North on Sunday tried to test-fire another missile in an attempt that failed, but which fuelled fears that it may be preparing for its sixth atomic weapons test.
Pence said that the era of US “strategic patience” in dealing with the North was over, after more than two decades.
“In the past two weeks, the world witnessed the strength and resolve of our new president in actions taken in Syria and Afghanistan,” Pence said.
“North Korea would do well not to test his resolve, or the strength of the armed forces of the United States.”
Pence first made the remarks at the demilitarised zone (DMZ), the area dividing the two Koreas, during a visit to South Korea to reaffirm ties.
His visit comes amid escalated tensions on the peninsula, with heated rhetoric from both North Korea and the US.
He arrived in Seoul on Sunday hours after North Korea carried out a failed missile launch.
On Monday, the US and South Korea launched a joint air force military exercise to ensure readiness against North Korea, according to South Korean media.
Pence, whose father served in the Korean War, visited the truce village of Panmunjom, where the war's armistice was signed.
Speaking alongside South Korea's acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn later, he said North Korea had conducted nuclear and missile tests as the previous US administration had observed a policy of “strategic patience”, but this was now over.
He reiterated US support for South Korea, telling his host: “We are with you 100 per cent”.
Hwang hailed the early deployment of the controversial US missile defence system (known as Thaad) designed to protect against threats from North Korea.
The US vice-president said he was disappointed that China had taken retaliatory actions against South Korea in response to the move.
Pence's latest comments echoed those made by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who warned that pre-emptive military action was “on the table” when he visited the DMZ last month. – Agencies
India is a great example of an economy where community networks dominate specific activities—from trade to skills. Photo: iStockphoto
A few months ago, Mumbai Mirror reported how several of the biggest real estate developers in the city traced their roots to Bhinmal, a small town in Rajasthan. Almost all the new public buildings in this town have been funded by those who struck gold in the Mumbai real estate market. One of the locals perceptively told Chaitanya Marpakwar: “See, if one person moves to a new place and makes money there, others follow. But it is important to note that all these builders had business acumen and foresight. They made the right investments at the right time. Later, they helped people from their native place to set up a business in Mumbai. It was like a chain.”
I remembered this newspaper story when I came across a new paper by two economists on what they have evocatively described as dinner table capitalism. Hans K. Hvide and Paul Oyer went through reams of data on entrepreneurs in Finland to show that many of them went into industries in which their fathers worked. And those who set up new enterprises in areas where their fathers worked did better than their entrepreneurial peers who ventured into other lines of business. Four years after the new enterprises were set up, the ones in the former group were more likely to survive and have more employees.
Why did this happen? The two economists believe that the entrepreneurs who went into industries where there was family experience were more likely to succeed because of the specific industry knowledge they were exposed to at home during their childhood—or at the dinner table. It is possible that the successful entrepreneurs benefited from their fathers' business networks rather than the knowledge passed on at the dinner table. Hvide and Oyer also looked at the data on sons whose fathers had died before they became entrepreneurs, and hence could not have linked them to existing business networks. Their success rates were pretty much the same as those whose fathers were alive when the entrepreneurs ventured into their own businesses. So it was the dinner table knowledge rather than access to old networks that mattered.
The story of the real estate developers who moved to Mumbai from Bhinmal and the recent research on dinner table capitalism in Finland are at one level very different episodes. The former deals with the power of social networks while the latter is all about the knowledge that children tacitly absorb at home. However, a subtle thread binds the two—of how the context matters even in a modern capitalist economy where exchange is usually backed by commercial contracts rather than social networks.
Economist Kaivan Munshi has done some of the most fascinating work on how community networks operate in the Indian labour market. He has shown how these networks become important when market institutions are weak. They provide capital, connections and jobs to other members of the community. Members of a community are keen to protect their reputations—and this goads them to do their jobs diligently or not default on informal loans that have been given without collateral.
As Munshi wrote in a paper published in 2014: “Anyone who has spent time in a developing country knows the importance of social connections, which can help individuals land jobs, and provide them with credit and other forms of support. At first glance, it might appear that such connections distort the economy by giving select individuals an unfair advantage. However, modern economics provides another perspective on this phenomenon, arguing that when markets function imperfectly, networks of socially connected individuals can enhance economic efficiency.... Unlike information networks, which can be organised around casual acquaintances or even anonymous online communities, networks that solve commitment problems must be based on strong social ties to support the sanctions that are needed to maintain cooperative behaviour.”
India is a great example of an economy where community networks dominate specific activities—from trade to skills. In fact, a landmark report by a committee headed by R.K. Hazari in 1966 actually categorized large Indian business in terms of its social background. So there were mentions of Marwari, Punjabi, Parsi, Gujarati and south ndian groups. The public sector that was set up in the previous decade was the only exception. It was truly national. The Hazari committee report provides great unintended insights into the intersection of caste and capitalism in India.
Much has changed over the past 50 years. The power of community links has clearly dissipated in large business groups, though it continues to remain strong in other parts of the Indian economy because of weak market institutions. The research of the importance of social networks or of dinner table capitalism leads me to one final question, and an uncomfortable one at that. The very essence of networks is that their power grows exponentially. So how do newcomers break in?
Think about the recent attempts to foster Dalit capitalism. A community that has been denied opportunity will find it very difficult to plug into existing business networks, and creating new ones can be an uphill task. The strengthening of market institutions—so that contract replaces contact—is one solution, though perhaps not the only one.
(Further reading: Community Networks And The Process Of Development, by Kaivan Munshi, Journal of Economic Perspectives, Fall 2014
Dinner Table Human Capital And Entrepreneurship, by Hans K. Hvide and Paul Oyer, Working Paper 24198, National Bureau of Economic Research.)
Niranjan Rajadhyaksha is executive editor of Mint.
Comments are welcome at cafeeconomics@livemint.com. Read Niranjan's previous Mint columns at www.livemint.com/cafeeconomics
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We have updated our crosswords - so you will notice a few differences which should make your experience better.
The new features are:
- The ability to save your progress with any crossword by clicking on the Disk icon
- You can also change the font size by using the Aa icon
- Using the bin icon will completely reset the puzzle and your entries will be removed should you make a mistake
- And to check the solution to see if you've got it right use the Tick icon
Finally, if you prefer to print the grid to complete it please make select the option to print backgrounds otherwise the black cells in the grid will not show on your print out.N
Robert Flores will replace Matt Vasgersian as host of MLB Central on MLB Network, The Big Lead has learned from two people with knowledge of the news. Unauthorized to speak publicly on the matter, they requested anonymity. MLB Network declined comment.
Vasgersian, who was named ESPN's Sunday Night Baseball play-by-play announcer in January, will continue to appear on MLB Network and appear on MLB Tonight this season.
MLB Central is a three-hour program airing weekday mornings, featuring highlights, news, and interviews. Flores will join Mark DeRosa and Lauren Shehadi, who are returning, as the show heads into its third season.
A bit of Binondo history
PART three of the Tea with Tinio lecture series is “Rediscovering Binondo,” with writer-historian Martin “Sonny” Tinio, Jr. discussing the families in Binondo that rose to prominence and prestige from 1900 to 1950. Mr. Tinio co-authored Philippine Ancestral Houses, the first book on Philippine colonial architecture, and the largest-selling local coffee table book to date. A former museum curator of the Intramuros Administration and of Malacañang Palace, he designed Casa Manila in Intramuros and has restored several period houses in Kawit, Cavite and Taal, Batangas. He was recently taken as consultant for the San Ignacio Reconstruction Project in Intramuros. The lecture will be held on May 5, 9:30 to 11:30 a.m., at the Yuchengco Museum, RCBC Plaza, corner Ayala and Gil Puyat Ave., Makati. Tickets are P300, students with IDs paying P150. For reservations call or e-mail 889-1234 or info@yuchengcomuseum.org.
Festival focuses on children
THE Cultural Center of the Philippines (CCP) hosts the Philippine Art Educators Association (PAEA)'s 50th anniversary festival entitled Ammungan, which consists of exhibitions, film screenings, and a whole-day art buffet session for children. Two film screenings will be held on April 26 at the Tanghalang Manuel Conde: Benjie Garcia's Batad (2006) at 2 p.m. and Joel Lamangan's Patikul (2011) at 5 p.m. entrance is free. The event will close with a special Art Buffet session on April 28, 9 a.m.-2 p.m. at the Main Theater Lobby. This will consist of free simultaneous art workshops to be given by PAEA members to all visitors. There are two exhibits which are on view until April 28: 6 to 16 at the Little Theater Lobby is a display of artworks by students from all over the Philippines mentored by PAEA members; and an timeline exhibit of the history of PAEA with selected artworks by past presidents and archival materials at the Pasilyo Vicente Manansala and Pasilyo Guillermo Tolentino. For details, e-mail ccp.exhibits@gmail.com, or visit www.culturalcenter.gov.ph.
Call for Palanca entries
THE Carlos Palanca Memorial Awards for Literature, the longest-running literary contest in the country, now on its 68th year, is now accepting entries to its regular categories as follows: English Division — Short Story, Short Story for Children, Essay, Poetry, Poetry Written for Children, One-ac​​t Play, and Full-length Play; Filipino Division — Maikling Kuwento, Maikling Kuwentong Pambata, Sanaysay, Tula, Tulang Para sa mga Bata, Dulang May Isang Yugto, Dulang Ganap ang Haba, and Dulang Pampelikula; and, Regional Languages Division — Short Story-Cebuano, Short Story-Hiligaynon, and Short Story-Ilokano. The Kabataan Division, the special youth categories open to persons below 18 years of age as of 31 May 2018, is also now open for entries. The theme for this year is “How will you encourage the Filipino youth to read more books?” (Kabataan Essay) and “Paano mo hihikayatin ang mga kabataang Pilipino na magbasa pa ng mga aklat?” (Kabataan Sanaysay). All submissions must be printed copies, as specified in the Official Rules. The Carlos Palanca Foundation, Inc. will NOT accept online or e-mail submissions for all categories. Deadline for submission is May 31. For official contest rules and forms, visit the Palanca Foundation office at the Greenbelt Excelsior Bldg., 105 C. Palanca St., Legaspi Village, Makati City. For inquiries and other concerns, contact the CPMA office through e-mail at cpmawards@gmail.com or at (632) 843-8277.
Young artists at the hotel
HOTEL JEN Manila unveils Skylines, a new series of exhibitions featuring young local artists at Windows by the Bay. This series is part of the Hotel Jen brand's “Jen-Why Art” campaign, which throws the spotlight on emerging artists in each destination where Hotel Jen is present. Skyline offers views of the skies by visual artist Zorrick Enriquez, his first solo exhibit. His acrylic, pastel and oil paintings are on view until June 30. Hotel Jen Manila is located along Roxas Blvd., Pasay City. For details call 795-8888 or 0917-806-2017.
La Vida Imelda returns
CARLOS CELDRAN brings his acclaimed one-man show Livin' La Vida Imelda, back to Poblacion, Makati for a series of shows directed by Jamie Wilson and produced in cooperation with MusicArtes. Living La Vida Imelda is a multi-media monologue of musings about former First Lady Imelda Romualdez Marcos and memories of life in the 1970s Manila. While her famous shoes will not be discussed very much, Celdran ponders over issues such as state sanctioned kitsch, hierarchies in human psychology and human rights, and the importance of winning beauty pageants in a developing nation. It will be a night of gossip, disco music, tragic facts and anecdotes so absurd that it's got to be true. There will be 8:30 p.m. performances every Friday and Saturday from May 11 to 26, and June 2 to 16, at the Mirror Studio, 5th floor, SJG Center, 8463 Kalayaan Ave, Poblacion, Makati. Tickets are P1,200 (P1,100 for groups larger than seven people), and P700 for students (P550 for groups larger than 20). Private performances may be arranged upon request at a minimum of 50 people and maximum of 120. Reserve tickets via e- mail at carlosceldran@me.com (subject: IMELDA); or via text 0920-909-2021 or 0908-897-5515.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Demi Lovato and Henry Cavill appear to be flirting via Instagram after the former Disney star started following the British hunk back.
Fans were quick to spot that Demi had liked two of the 34-year-old Superman star's posts on his profile.
Moments later the 25-year-old then shared a super sexy lingerie-clad snap of herself, which she captioned: ''Big news coming soon."
(Image: ddlovato/Instagram)
And just seconds after that she began following his profile.
Her fans were quick to joke about her "setting a thirst trap" for the actor, who is thought to be in a relationship with Lucy Cork.
One wrote: "@henrycavill yo my boy Henry come get yo wifey."
A second shared: "sweetlipsmcgee And the deliciously, devious trap was set, but would he...SNAP!"
Another one of her excited fans tweeted: "Omg Demi knows exactly what she is doing I love this b**ch so much."
And it wasn't just one sided - Henry had commented on a picture of Demi receiving her blue belt in Brazilian Jiu Jiutsu, which he also practices as well.
"This is awesome! Nice one Miss Lovato!" he wrote along with a thumbs up emoji.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liz Hurley , 52, has sent temperatures soaring once again with her latest sizzling, red-hot bikini post.
The actress, who regularly teases her fans with eye-popping photos, has just outdone herself with this ultra seductive snap.
Lying seductively on her back in the sand in the sun-kissed snap, her assets are on full display as is her trim, tanned tummy.
(Image: Instagram/elizabethhurley1)
Within moments, her fans had flooded the post with adoring comments about her incredible figure.
"OMG you are so beautiful," one gushed, while another said, "You make 20 something yr olds look bad..."
(Image: elizabethhurley1/Instagram)
(Image: Instagram/elizabethhurley1)
But while her fans are used to seeing her show off her frame in a variety of skimpy bikinis from her own collection, just days ago she proved that she can also be the queen of the red carpet.
Liz showcased a stellar red carpet look as she stepped out for a worthy cause.
The 52-year-old headed to the BOVET 1822 Brilliant is Beautiful Gala, held at Claridge's Hotel in London, to benefit Artists for Peace and Justice's Global Education Fund for Women and Girls.
(Image: WireImage)
Looking gorgeous, Liz put her best foot forward as she showed her support.
Wearing a lacy, floral number, the star highlighted her famous figure in the dress that clung in all the right places to her enviable curves, and showed off her cleavage as it kept everything in place with two slinky spaghetti straps.
(Image: WireImage)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Braving the freezing winter chill, she held into a black clutch, while a pair of simple black pumps completed the look.
In true Liz-style, her shiny locks were tousled to perfection as they swished past her shoulders, while she kept her makeup simple, bar for a dramatic smoky eye.
She was joined by a throng of celebrities and influential A-listers who also attended the gala, including Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York, Heather Mills, and models Petra Nemcova and Arizona Muse.
Panel Questions
PETER SAGAL, HOST:
Right now, panel, it is time for you to answer some questions about the rest of the week's news. Paula, a new app is all the rage among moviegoers. Just turn it on and it tells you when you should do what?
PAULA POUNDSTONE: Go to the bathroom.
SAGAL: Exactly right, Paula.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: We've all been there. You're watching a movie. That Coke you drink is pressing in the bladder, but you don't want to miss the good parts. Now, most people know this is why you buy the large bucket of popcorn and keep it right there. But...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: But now there's this phone app. It's called RunPee. And you...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: As the movie starts, you tell it what movie you're seeing and hit it when it starts. And it will buzz whenever it's a good time to exit without missing anything.
ROY BLOUNT JR: Oh, I see. I see.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: And this really beats the company's first idea, just opening a theater where every seat is a toilet.
(LAUGHTER)
ALONZO BODDEN: So what if you're at a horrible movie? Does it just say, anytime?
SAGAL: Yeah, exactly.
(LAUGHTER)
BODDEN: Like, you're at, "Fast And Furious 8," they're like, go for it. You won't miss it.
SAGAL: Yeah.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Doesn't matter. Just get out now while you're still sane. This app is going to make such a difference to people - no longer have to be that guy who's like, oh, I missed that one scene. Who did Sophie end up choosing?
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Too soon? I mean...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Alonzo, there have been some amazing developments in self-driving cars over the past year. But none is probably more impressive than a special edition of the Mercedes S-Class which will offer drivers what feature?
BODDEN: It'll yell at other people?
SAGAL: For you.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: No, much more relaxing.
BODDEN: A massage?
SAGAL: Yes. Not only a massage, an entire spa experience in the comfort of your own car. It's got a sticker price in the six figures. And the Mercedes S-Class is generally the car you drive when you want douchebags to say, now that guy's a douchebag.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: In addition to this autonomous driving mode, it has a, quote, "energizing comfort program," which offers drivers a wide selection of the standard spa activities including calming music, aromatherapy and this random naked Russian guy sitting across from you making lots of eye contact.
(LAUGHTER)
BODDEN: Will you have to tip your car?
SAGAL: Yeah, presumably.
(LAUGHTER)
BLOUNT JR: Yeah, why do you need to go anywhere? I mean, what if you wanted to go to the spa? It would...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: It would feel bad.
BLOUNT JR: Yeah.
SAGAL: If you asked the car to take you to the spa - what? I'm not enough for you anymore? I remember...
(LAUGHTER)
POUNDSTONE: Yeah. So like - it's like asking your girlfriend to drive you to the hooker.
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "RIDE WIT ME")
NELLY: (Singing) Where they at? Where they at? Where they at? Where they at? Where they at? Where they at? Where they at? C'mon. Now, if you want to go and take a ride with me, we three-wheeling in the 4 with the gold D's.
SAGAL: Coming up, our panelists are desperate for information. It's our Bluff the Listener game. Call 1-888-WAITWAIT to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of WAIT WAIT... DON'T TELL ME from NPR.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Attacked By Alt-Right Trolls, A Jewish Journalist Links Trump To The Rise Of Hate Trump "has made nationalist policy into the policy of the executive branch," says New York Times editor Jonathan Weisman. His new book, (((Semitism))), is about being Jewish in the Trump era.
Mosul's Famed Mosque And 'Hunchback' Minaret, Destroyed By ISIS, Will Be Rebuilt
Enlarge this image toggle caption AHMAD AL-RUBAYE/AFP/Getty Images AHMAD AL-RUBAYE/AFP/Getty Images
The United Arab Emirates will contribute $50.4 million to rebuild a mosque and cherished leaning minaret that were destroyed after the Iraqi city of Mosul was overrun by the Islamic State.
On Monday the UAE, Iraq and the United Nations signed an agreement that Audrey Azoulay, director-general of the U.N.'s cultural agency UNESCO, called "a historic partnership." In a written statement, she said it was "the largest and [most] unprecedented cooperation to rebuild cultural heritage in Iraq ever."
The Great Mosque of al-Nuri was built in the 12th century inside Mosul's Old City. It was named after Nur al-Din Mahmoud Zangi, a Turkic ruler who unified Muslim forces during the Crusades. In July 2014, ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi stood at the mosque's pulpit and declared Iraq and Syria as the terrorist group's "caliphate."
As Iraqi security forces drew closer to Mosul in June 2017, ISIS destroyed the structure and later used the explosion as propaganda, pinning the damage on a U.S.-led coalition airstrike. "Jihadist supporters are using it to blame the West and Americans," Alberto Fernandez, then-vice president of the Middle East Media Research Institute, told USA Today.
Months after Mosul was liberated, the bodies of ISIS fighters still lay in the rubble near the mosque, NPR's Jane Arraf reported in March. Thousands of homes in the city's historic section were in ruins. and people had no electricity or running water.
Only a stump-like remnant remained of the famously tilted minaret known as al-Hadba, or the "hunchback."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ahmad al-Rubaye/AFP/Getty Images Ahmad al-Rubaye/AFP/Getty Images
"We need services," a Health Ministry employee told Arraf. "They just need to take away the rubble. We need water tankers to come so we can drink clean water. If they get rid of the rubble and repair the streets, a man can rebuild with his own hands."
The Iraqi government has estimated that a minimum of $2 billion is needed to repair crumbling streets and homes.
The UAE funding is earmarked for restoring the cultural landmarks. But Louise Haxthausen, director of UNESCO's Baghdad office, told NPR that the $50.4 million will still help the city. "It will generate employment and allow the inhabitants to develop and acquire skills," she said.
But some Mosul residents pointed to other, more pressing needs. One teacher and photographer tweeted an appeal to "please remove the rotten bodies first."
With a five-year timeline, the first year of the restoration will focus on clearing debris from the site, documenting items and drawing out details for reconstruction. The next four years will focus on the restoration of the mosque and surrounding buildings.
The reconstruction will preserve "the original minaret with its distinctive hunchback lean," Haxthausen said.
A joint committee will supervise the rebuilding efforts, including members of the Emirati and Iraqi Ministries of Culture, UNESCO and the Iraqi Sunni Endowment, according to the Emirates News Agency.
Haxthausen said the restoration is a key part of a flagship UNESCO initiative called Reviving the Spirit of Mosul, which launched in February, to "bring life back to the city."
The UAE and other Gulf countries have recently improved relations with Iraq, Arraf notes. Arab Gulf leaders for years refused to recognize Iraq's Shiite-led government as legitimate.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Celebrity Big Brother returned to our TV screens in style on Thursday 3 August , with 15 new housemates being voluntarily locked up for the foreseeable future.
In a surprise twist, announced by host Emma Willis, this year there will be NO prize money for the eventual winner.
Instead the champion of CBB series 20 will receive £50,000 for a charity of their choice.
The likes of Sarah Harding , Paul Danan, Jemma Lucy and Sam Thompson will now be battling it out to win cash for a good cause rather than lining their own pockets.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
With no prize money up for their grabs, salaries for an appearance on the channel 5 will have to be worthwhile to keep the celebrities going until the bitter end.
As you'd expect, none of the housemates ever actually discuss their salary or confirm the rumours about who is paid what so there's no word on whether the reported six-figure deals are actually accurate.
One thing is for sure, Channel 5 are never afraid to dig deep when it comes to securing their dream housemates.
(Image: Channel 5)
On launch night's spin off Bit On The Side, Katie Price made a suggestion as to how much her arch enemy Jemma Lucy could be cashing in for her appearance.
"You didn't pay £50,000 for Jemma. She is worth nothing," Katie blasted.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A quick search through the archives shows plenty of celebrity housemates linked to eye-watering salaries over the years ranging from Ray J 's record breaking seven-figure sum to a more modest but still amazing £150,000.
Here's the rumoured Top 10 salaries for CBB housemates:
Ray J - Series 19, 2017
(Image: Copyright unknown)
The rapper is rumoured to be the highest paid contestant in CBB history. He's famous for being Brandy's brother, dating Whitney Houston, and making that infamous sex tape with then-girlfriend Kim Kardashian.
According to reports, American musician Ray J was earning a huge $1 million (£810,000) to appear which, if true, makes him the highest paid CBB housemate in history.
According to TMZ , producers have also thrown in $30,000 (£24,000) to cover the musician's travel and hotel costs in the UK. (Though Ray J's manager declined to comment.)
Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt - Series 19, 2017
(Image: Copyright unknown)
The husband and wife duo finished runner-up in CBB 11 in 2013, the series won by Rylan Clark-Neal. They found fame on US scripted reality show The Hills and tied the knot on screen.
David Gest - Series 17, 2016
(Image: Channel 5)
Late music producer and personality David appeared on CBB 17 in 2016 and was involved in one of the show's most infamous moments: when fellow housemate Tiffany Pollard mistakenly thought he'd died rather than David Bowie. Sadly, Gest did pass away a few months later.
Kate Price - Series 17, 2016
(Image: Channel 5)
The Pricey was a surprise late entrance to CBB's 17th series and ended up winning. But her experience in the house was marred because of a painful wound on her chest caused by a boob job procedure before she arrived.
Katie Hopkins - Series 17, 2016
(Image: Channel 5)
The outspoken radio personality, columnist and former Apprentice candidate didn't hold back when it came to sharing her opinions in the house. She finished runner-up to Katie Price.
Kellie Maloney - Series 14, 2014
(Image: Channel 5/PLANET PHOTOS)
Boxing promoter Kellie Maloney appeared in the 14th series of the show, which was won by US actor Gary Busey. Host Emma Willis called Kellie's exit "bittersweet" as she'd loved watching her on screen.
Janice Dickinson - Series 16, 2015
(Image: Â© Channel 5 Broadcasting)
Janice, who describes herself as the world's first supermodel, was TV gold in series 16, after making a late arrival on day two.
Jonathan Cheban - Series 17, 2016
(Image: Channel 5)
Kim Kardashian's bestie makes frequent appearance on Keeping Up With The Kardashians but only lasted seven days in the house before walking out voluntarily.
Stephanie Pratt - Series 14, 2014
Before Speidi entered the house, Spencer Pratt's younger sister Stephanie gave it a go. Best known for her appearances on The Hills and Made In Chelsea, she struck up a friendship with Gogglebox's George Gilbey in the compound.
Danniella Westbrook - Series 17, 2016
(Image: Channel 5)
Former EastEnders star Danniella provided a mother-like figure in the house during her series, which was dominated by the antics of younger housemates including Scotty T and Megan McKenna .
Perez Hilton - Series 15, 2015
(Image: Channel 5)
The US gossip blogger was the most controversial contestant of his series, earning himself numerous headlines thanks to his behaviour. He famously staged a fake walkout as part of a task only to stun housemates when he later returned.
Ulrika Jonsson - CBB 6, 2009
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
It feels like ages ago Ulrika was on CBB; her series included Michelle Heaton, Austin Powers actor Verne Troyer and Tina Malone. She was the only female housemate to reach the finale and was eventually crowned winner.
Christopher Biggins - Series 18, 2016
(Image: WireImage)
iBiggins had previously won I'm A Celebrity but wasn't able to repeat that success with CBB. He was axed from the show on day nine after being accused of making an offensive joke about Nazism. He later said he was “mortified” to have caused offence. His removal led to speculation he may not receive his full fee.
Stephanie Davis - Series, 17, 2016
(Image: Channel 5)
Celebrity Big Brother returns for 2017 and Calum Best's bewildered face sums up a lukewarm launch night
The former Hollyoaks star wasn't a household name going into CBB but she certainly is now! She struck up a flirtatious relationship with housemate Jeremy McConnell and kissed him on screen despite having a boyfriend, Sam Reece, on the outside.
The two have enjoyed an on-off romance since leaving the show and share son Caben-Albi,
Not everyone is so lucky, however.
CBB uber villain and most talked about contestant Stephen Bear ? Well, according to reports he only took home £12,000 for his role on the show despite emerging as the most controversial housemate of the year.
(Image: PA)
Bear was a familiar face to Ex on the Beach fans ahead of CBB so perhaps that's why his payday was £12,000. Despite getting the lowest salary of his series, the lothario dominated headlines thanks to his behaviour inside the house which included dumping girlfriend Lillie Lexie Gregg on live TV and hooking up with housemate Chloe Khan .
He later said: “I got paid £12,000 to go on there, [other housemates] get a hundred grand. I would have done it for nothing. All they talked about was, 'I got this much money, I got this much.' Who cares? It's a bit of paper. It's all they talked about in there. It was so boring."
DETROIT (AP) -- Tom Izzo walked into his final news conference before a game this season and saw Michigan State's interim president conducting interviews.
The Hall of Fame coach sat down and gazed toward the back of the room, essentially expressionless, as John Engler was with a handful of reporters.
Izzo had plenty on his plate at the time, trying to prepare the third-seeded Spartans for Syracuse. Izzo wasn't particularly concerned with the conversations Engler was having with a handful of reporters and said he wasn't bothered by it, figuring he was there to show his support.
But it was another sign, showing the crisis on campus related to Larry Nassar has affected Izzo and his basketball program. And perhaps the next sign played out for all to see on Sunday afternoon when the 11th-seeded Syracuse eliminated Michigan State with a 55-53 win in the second round of the NCAA Tournament on Sunday.
The toll of the turbulent season likely led to Izzo tearing up as he talked about perhaps the toughest season of his career when it seemed set up to potentially end with his second national championship.
While an ESPN report raised questions about how Izzo and Michigan State football coach handled sexual assault allegations within their program, their faces were on display on a TV set alongside Nassar, a former doctor at the school, who was sentenced to decades in prison for molesting young women and girls under the guise of medical treatment.
As part of the fallout, Lou Anna Simon resigned as school president and Mark Hollis, who is very close to Izzo, retired.
Izzo felt compelled to tell his team before a game he wasn't going anywhere as questions swirled about who might also be caught up in the wake of the scandal.
Instead of being frank at news conferences, Izzo repeatedly said he always cooperated with investigations and always would relate to allegations made against his players. He would grit his teeth and stayed largely silent when pressed with non-basketball questions at postgame news conferences.
The usually frank coach appeared to be in a no-win situation, getting criticized for not addressing allegations made in ESPN reporting and knowing he probably wouldn't have all the answers wanted if he did choose to say more.
Miles Bridges, meanwhile, went from being hailed for staying in school instead of making millions in the NBA to being ruled ineligible briefly before the final regular season game. The school found out his family had a meal with an agent last winter without his knowledge, committing an NCAA violation. Bridges was reinstated and bounced back to play well at times, but the pressure of performing and the off-the-court issues may have had something to do with him missing 14 of 18 shots against the Orange.
"Everything that was thrown at us, we still had fun," Bridges said after what was likely his last college game. "And, I love every guy that's on my team. That's why I'm so hurt right now."
Freshman Jaren Jackson is projected to be a high pick -- even before Bridges -- if he chooses to leave college as expected.
The Spartans may have three juniors to depend on next season led by point guard Cassius Winston, shooting guard Joshua Langford and forward Nick Ward along with seniors Matt McQuaid and Kenny Goins. Xavier Tillman worked his way into the lineup as a freshman and next year's class will have plenty of opportunities to play.
Michigan State signed five standouts in November: Six-foot point guard Foster Loyer, Michigan's Mr. Basketball; 6-10 forward Marcus Bingham Jr., 6-7 forward Gabe Brown and 6-8 forward Thomas Kithier.
Izzo insisted he will be back for a 24th season as coach to help the school and community bounce back even though he could probably land an NBA job if he wanted one after turning down at least a couple offers to jump to the league in the past.
"I took too many bullets this year not to be here," he said. "So, I'll be here and we'll be back knocking to win a championship."
By this time next year, though, Michigan State may not be in the clear and the lingering effects could continue to carry over onto the basketball program. Between Michigan State's NCAA Tournament games, Engler was talking to reporters about his desire to reach a financial settlement with Nassars' victims, adding the passage of sweeping child abuse legislation in the state is interfering with the process. State Attorney General Bill Schuette is reviewing how Michigan State handled the allegations against Nassar and the candidate for governor said the investigation would put a bright light on every corner of the university.
Even though his title is basketball coach, Izzo is a leader on campus and vows to stay to help it heal.
"If somebody would give me a chance to bring Michigan State back, I can't think of anything I would rather do," Izzo said. "I think its been punched and kicked. Some of it for mistakes, rightfully so. Some of them, not rightfully so. I'm going to be hopefully part of the solution, not part of the problem."
Copyright Associated Press 2018. All rights reserved.
At least half of the world's population does not have full coverage of essential health services, and about 100 million people are pushed into extreme poverty every year because they have to pay for healthcare.
New Delhi: Providing healthcare services free of cost does not ensure equal access to women, revealed an analysis of data on over 19 million Indian households by the University of Oxford and George Institute for Global Health.
A smaller proportion of women than men received hospital care for gender neutral conditions across age groups and most disease categories, despite a state-sponsored insurance scheme in Andhra Pradesh providing access to free hospital care for poor households, according to a study published in the British Medical Journal.
The study analysed data on hospitalisation between 2008 and 2012 from the largest state-funded health insurance scheme in India, in undivided Andhra Pradesh.
It found that despite comparable proportions of women and men in the population, women had a lower share than men of hospitalisations (42%), bed-days (45%) and hospital costs (39%) for gender-neutral conditions. These findings were observed across 14 out of 18 disease categories and all age groups, but especially for the oldest and youngest women.
“India has one of the highest levels of gender inequality in the world, and as the benefits of this insurance scheme are shared within households, it could be that the healthcare needs of girls and women—particularly those not of reproductive age—are considered less important than those of their brothers, fathers and husbands,” said Vivekanand Jha, executive director of The George Institute for Global Health in India.
At least half of the world's population does not have full coverage of essential health services, and about 100 million people are pushed into extreme poverty every year because they have to pay for healthcare. As women are the majority of the world's poor and, therefore, less able to afford healthcare than men, universal healthcare coverage is seen as a strategy to improve gender equality.
“Our findings have urgent implications for the current drive towards achieving universal healthcare coverage around the world, which we would expect to be of huge benefit for women,” said Sanne Peters, research fellow in epidemiology at The George Institute, Oxford.
“It seems that ensuring that everyone can access essential healthcare services without incurring financial hardship is not enough on its own to ensure equal access by women and men. We need to consider other barriers that women might face in accessing healthcare, which may include families prioritising the healthcare needs of men over those of women,” Peters said.
Vice President Pence Sends Warning To North Korea Amid Rising Tensions
Audio will be available later today.
In South Korea Monday, Vice President Mike Pence warned North Korea that U.S. patience was running out with the regime. This came a day after North Korea tried and failed to test a ballistic missile.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A police constable was sacked over a bizarre row about her partner pushing a pram in a shopping centre.
Detective Constable Rebecca Cowin was dismissed after defending her partner when he was accused of pushing the pram around Liverpool ONE - despite being off sick with an injured left shoulder.
The Merseyside Police worker was let off by a misconduct panel after facing questions about the incident in December 2015.
Her sacking followed attempts to defend her partner, DC Allen Gustafson, who was found to have no case to answer, reports the Liverpool ECHO .
The panel heard claims the two constables had been dishonest during a probe into whether DC Gustafson had been spotted pushing the pram in December 2015.
The sighting was made by his line manager, Detective Inspector Rachel Wilson, who questioned him the next day only for DC Gustafson to deny he had been pushing it.
That prompted a probe that saw police obtain CCTV footage apparently showing the 42-year-old pushing the pram with both hands and at some points with just his left hand.
DC Gustafson had an occupational health assessment two days later and was deemed unfit for work.
A meeting to discuss his return the following month turned sour when DI Wilson brought up the pram issue - only for him to deny it.
DC Cowin, who has two children with DC Gustafson, then backed up his claims and was accused of telling the welfare meeting: “He wasn't pushing it [the pram], he couldn't push it. He hasn't been able to pick up the baby for five months.”
(Photo: Getty)
Both constables denied breaching professionalism and honesty standards during four days of evidence, heard in November.
During the case DC Gustafson raised concerns over attempts to access his medical records while DC Cowin, who was brought up on Wirral, denied lying and added: “He's never been told he cannot push a pram to my knowledge.”
The panel adjourned the hearing until just before Christmas, when it ruled DC Gustafson had no case to answer but that DC Cowin had breached professional standards.
Detective Superintendent Dave McCaughrean said: “Merseyside Police demands the highest possible standards from its officers and staff.
“We will always thoroughly investigate when we receive information about those that fall below those professional standards, to ensure the public can continue to have the utmost confidence in the force.
“Detective Constable Cowin's conduct fell below this standard. We will not have officers and staff working for us who do not uphold the highest levels of professionalism and honesty.
“Thankfully the vast majority of officers who work for Merseyside Police do a really good job day in, day out and serve our communities with compassion, integrity and professionalism.”
Liberty Bank's Southington branch collected 525 items during its “Liberty Lends a Hand” campaign. During the month of June, employees were encouraged to do good works in their community by forming teams and partnering at a local nonprofit or by collecting goods for charities. The bank's collections supported LISA, Inc. of Southington, which helps young people build skills needed to successfully transition into adulthood. Items donated by bank employees and the public will outfit nine apartments for youth aging out of foster care. The collection included housewares, kitchen utensils, microwaves, blenders, towels, dishes, glasses and lamps. From left, Southington Liberty Bankers Diane Cizauskas, Patti Guggliotti, Debra Carson, Sarah Russo, and Rob Flood.
Billy Bragg has been writing and singing songs for justice — and against injustice — for more than 30 years; thankfully he is never going to stop. Bragg's continued passion is clear in "Saffiyah Smiles," his new song of solidarity inspired by recent racial tensions in America and an incident that happened closer to Bragg's home in Birmingham, England, at an anti-immigrant demonstration this past spring.
In an email, Bragg says that "following the shocking scenes of white supremacists marching through the streets of Charlottesville this past summer, my mind went back to an image of a young woman facing down a ranting fascist with nothing but a serene smile. Saffiyah Khan had been taking part in a counter demonstration against the neo-fascist English Defence League in Birmingham, England, in April this year when she saw a woman being surrounded by taunting EDL supporters.
"Saria Zafar was targeted because she was wearing a hijab and when the police failed to intervene, Saffiyah stepped up and got in the face of the loudest aggressor, holding him at bay with nothing more than a smile until police eventually intervened. A press photographer (Joe Giddens) captured the moment and the picture went viral. Local Labour MP Jess Phillips memorably tweeted the image with the caption, 'Who looks like they have the power here?' "
You can see that photo in this accompanying video for "Saffiyah Smiles," as Bragg sings, "Angry white men dressed like Elmer Fudd, shouting something about soil and blood." Later he sings, "and with a smile takes power from the man" while showing other moments in recent history when women stood up publicly to confront what they perceived as injustice, including a photo of Ieshia Evans standing up to riot police in Baton Rouge.
Bragg says, "Saffiyah Khan's selfless act of solidarity is an inspiration to us all and a reminder that sometimes you can confront hatred by calmly making plain how ridiculous its propagators are."
The song is one of many singles Bragg released this summer with similar themes, including "The Sleep Of Reason," "King Tide And The Sunny Day Flood" and "Why We Build The Wall." These songs will all be part of a mini-album called Bridges Not Walls, which comes out on the Cooking Vinyl label on Nov. 3. Bragg is currently on a U.S. tour.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dylan Hartley has blasted “so-called experts” for expressing fears over his rugby future.
The England captain announced on Monday that he had taken medical advice and pulled the plug on his season due to concussion.
Given it is his third concussion in three seasons and he has not played since March 17, some questioned the wisdom of him playing on.
To which Hartley, 32, gave short shrift - defiantly insisting that he would return to action next season.
“I see there are a lot of so-called experts out there in newspapers, pubs and podcasts recommending what I do with my career,” he wrote on Instagram.
(Image: PA)
“Funnily enough I'm only listening to the medical professionals and myself.
“Fortunately/unfortunately for some I'll be back next season to help my respective teams push on.”
Hartley sustained two concussions in 2016, the second of which left him with no memory of lifting the Six Nations trophy in France.
This latest episode again occurred on England duty, against Ireland, though the symptoms only developed post-match.
“Dylan's way of coping and dealing with it is looking forward,” former Wales star Jonathan Thomas, who quit rugby after suffering severe head trauma, told the BBC .
“But in the here and now I think he's been really wise to listen to medical advice. Because it's a head trauma and you don't want issues later in life.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty)
“Concussion isn't just being knocked out where you lose consciousness. I
"It can be a hit on the head where your brain rattles back and forth inside your skull and you get symptoms.”
Bryan Habana, South Africa's record try-scorer with 67 tries in 124 Tests, succumbed to injury and announced his retirement yesterday.
“It's been more than a year of hoping, trying, pushing and willing to get back on the field for one last time,” he said. “But it's unfortunately just not to be.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Over the past few months it has felt like there's been a new threat to Bristol's nightlife scene on a weekly basis.
After it emerged Thekla's future is in jeopardy came the news that The Surrey Vaults had to close due to noise complaints, followed by a fresh threat to The Fleece as it revealed its rateable value had soared to an ‘unbelievable' amount.
And now Fiddlers in Bedminster has revealed that its days could also be numbered due to a planning application for new flats right next to it.
(Image: Google Maps)
If the plan for the 24 new apartments in the warehouse space next to the long-running live music venue is approved, it could potentially lead to noise complaints from residents which could in turn lead to the venue's closure, thinks owner Daniel Cleary.
“I sadly think it will definitely be the end of Fiddlers if the flats are approved,” he said.
“In the plan the developers state that there's a warehouse in between the venue and where the new flats will be but it is not an empty space, it's where the bands get ready to perform and where the customer toilets are.
“The developers are saying the flats will not affect Fiddlers but they definitely will unless there is adequate soundproofing. No matter how hard you try, people will make noise when they leave the venue and it is likely residents will complain about it.”
Fiddlers are taken over by the Cleary family in 1994 and has welcomed a wide range of well-known bands since, including Keane, KT Tunstall, Robert Plant and George Ezra.
Daniel said his family have been approached by three separate developers over the past 18 months who wanted to buy the venue off them and turn it into flats, but they have refused each offer as they “love doing what we do”.
The family are also unhappy with the lack of notice they were given by Bristol City Council, which is set to make a decision on the plan by February, and are concerned about the numerous threats to the city's music venues.
Daniel added: “The plan was submitted to the council on November 13 but we weren't notified until November 30 – that is too long as we should have been notified within a week of it going in.
“Also they should have put green notices up on nearby lampposts but they haven't.
“I think it's disgusting what's going on right now in Bristol with us and quite a few other venues under threat – I'm at the end of my tether with it."
If the venue closes it will result in the loss of around 20 jobs, as well as the the closure of the largest live music venue in South Bristol.
A petition has been started by the 450-capacity club and has already been signed by over 2,000 people.
Planning consultants Aspect360 said it had “nothing to say regarding the application” when contacted by the Bristol Post.
A spokesperson from the council said: "We are supportive of the night time economy in Bristol and see live music venues as an essential part of the city's cultural provision.
"Bristol has a long and successful history of producing world class bands and music acts. We will do all we can to help music venues thrive in order to provide a varied offer to the people of Bristol."
To sign the petition to save Fiddlers, click here.
Last month, the IT ministry raised concerns related to the rollout of WhatsApp Payments in India seeking clarity on whether the new UPI-based service conforms to the security and privacy rules of the RBI. Photo: Bloomberg
New Delhi: Facebook-owned messaging service WhatsApp on Wednesday replied to the information technology (IT) ministry's queries by outlining the detailed strategy followed by the company to prevent any misuse of its platform.
“Like the government of India, we're horrified by these terrible acts of violence and wanted to respond quickly to the very important issues you have raised. We believe this is a challenge that requires government, civil society and technology companies to work together,” said WhatsApp in its letter to the IT ministry, a copy of which Mint accessed.
On Monday, the IT ministry wrote to WhatsApp to take appropriate measures to curtail the spread of fake and provocative messages through its platform.
This came against the backdrop of a spate of murders in the country over the last month connected to fake messages on social media, which have mainly spread through WhatsApp. These incidents have been reported from several states such as Assam, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Tripura and West Bengal.
In response, the social media giant said that it plans to launch a new feature that would act as content filter for messages sent on groups.
“We have been testing a new label in India that highlights when a message has been forwarded versus one that is composed by the sender. This could serve as an important signal for recipients to think twice before forwarding messages because it lets a user know if content they received was written by the person they know or a potential rumor from someone else,” said WhatsApp in the letter.
The company is not able to see the content carried in private conversations on the app as these messages are private, WhatsApp said.
“Because we cannot see the content of messages being sent over WhatsApp, we block messages based on user reports and by the manner in which they are sent. We use machine learning to identify accounts sending a high volume of messages (faster than any human could) and we are constantly working to improve our ability to stop unwanted automated messages,” it said.
Last month, the IT ministry raised concerns related to the rollout of WhatsApp Payments in India seeking clarity on whether the new UPI-based service conforms to the security and privacy rules of the Reserve Bank of India.
Sebi is in discussion with other financial regulators to arrive at a uniform methodology for valuing corporate bonds in a bid to deepen the bond market. Photo: Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint
Mumbai: The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is in discussion with other financial regulators to arrive at a uniform methodology for valuing corporate bonds in a bid to deepen the bond market, according to three people aware of the matter.
Sebi is of the opinion that the uniform methodology may be reviewed by Association of Mutual Funds in India (Amfi), Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association (FIMMDA) of India periodically, said one of the people cited earlier. The regulator has held two meetings since May, a second person said.
Emails and calls to Sebi, RBI and FIMMDA were not answered till the time of going to press.
Currently, banks and mutual funds, two leading participants in the bond market, follow different methods for valuing their bond portfolio, which impedes price discovery and deters transactions.
Banks use the so-called credit matrix spread that is published by FIMMDA on a fortnightly basis. Some insurance companies also follow this spread. Here, since corporate bonds are priced at a premium over risk-free government securities, FIMMDA provides a spread that is used by banks to value their corporate bond portfolio. This is useful because most of the securities, apart from the top-rated, do not frequently trade in the secondary market.
The spread, which is derived from polling in case a particular bond is not traded, is available based on the rating of the bond, its tenor and the type of issuer class, whether financial or non-financial, private or government-owned etc. For instance, there will be credit spread for AAA-rated five-year paper of say, a NBFC. This spread will be added to the annualized yield on five-year government bond for arriving at its valuation.
On the other hand, fund houses use scrip-level valuation to compute the net asset value of schemes where corporate bonds are the underlying exposures. Here, fund houses get the valuation done by the credit rating agencies.
“The difference is at times as high as 100 basis points, especially in below AA+ bonds, which are not frequently traded and hence there can be pricing issue in executing secondary market trades,” said a senior treasury official with a private sector bank.
An August 2016 report on developing the bond market by a committee led by former Reserve Bank of India deputy governor H.R. Khan had also recommended the need for a uniform approach for valuation.
To be sure, valuation is more of an accounting practice and market participants uses other risk-metrics while buying or selling corporate debt in the secondary market. However, a uniform methodology will ensure that valuation are not distorted and eventually benefit in better pricing of corporate bonds, especially when there is regulatory push for companies to meet their fund requirement through the bond route rather than solely depending on bank loans.
According to Lakshmi Iyer, chief investment officer (debt) at Kotak Mutual Fund, a uniform process for debt will ensure that underlying value of the bond is the same just as stock prices.
“This will help evolve the debt market because there will be no guess work on what is the right valuation of bonds and deal execution will be easier,” she said.
Josephine Skriver, a model of some renown … New York Times reporter calls Melania Trump a “hooker” and Emily Ratajkowski defends her … Bond-like: “Kim Jong-un's half-brother ‘assassinated by two female agents using poisoned needles' in Malaysia” … Amber Rose has split up with the brother of a guy from Dancing with the Stars … “Body found burning in New Orleans dumpster identified as missing Fort Worth man” … phone records show Donald Trump's inner circle was in frequent talks with Russia in the year leading up to the election … Ohio teenagers steal a car, go on a joyride to NYC … it's probably time to get Harrison Ford out of the pilot's seat … sad story from Indiana: parents drop off two 13-year old girls to go hiking; they're found dead a day later … ABC's finally going to have a black Bachelorette! …
Stories from 10 years ago that surface now: Mike Lupica's diva behavior is the reason Sports Reporters is done. [Page 6]
Andrew Wiggins gave the Cavs 41, but the Timberwolves still lost to Cleveland. [Star Tribune]
Great read inside the LSU war room on signing day. [Fox Sports]
David Lee, the NBA player, is supposedly dating Caroline Wozniacki. [Tennis.com]
Tony Romo's best fit? The Houston Texans. Here's why: [Fox Sports Radio Podcast; Full 3-hour Radio Show]
A writer spent Super Bowl Sunday at a sports book in Las Vegas. [MMQB]
“A disturbing political context back in Greece lingers over Giannis Antetokounmpo's rise to NBA superstardom.” [Slam Online]
Derek Jeter's wife is going to be in the Swimsuit issue. Here's a video.
Feb. 14: Dunks of the Day
Facebook murder suspect remains on the loose
The manhunt for Steve Stephens continues, says Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams. Police say Stephens fatally shot an elderly Cleveland man in a gruesome video posted on Facebook. They are urging anyone who knows his whereabouts to contact them. Credit: Cleveland Police
Are those wedding bells? 20 celebs who you didn't know were engaged
While there have been a lot of celeb break-ups this year, there have also been plenty of people getting engaged
The Other Victims: First Responders To Violent Disasters Often Suffer Alone
Enlarge this image toggle caption Heidi de Marco/Kaiser Health News Heidi de Marco/Kaiser Health News
The night a gunman fired into a crowd of 22,000 people at the country music festival in Las Vegas in 2017, nursing supervisor Antoinette Mullan at University Medical Center was focused on one thing: saving lives.
She recalls dead bodies on gurneys across the triage floor, a trauma bay full of victims. But "in that moment, we're not aware of anything else but taking care of what's in front of us," Mullan says.
She calls that event, "the most horrific evening of my life." But in a career spanning 30 years, Mullan has experienced plenty of other tragic incidents in which she witnessed suffering and death.
She says she has tried to work through these painful memories, mostly on her own.
"I can tell you that after 30 years, I still have emotional breakdowns and I never know when it's going to hit me," she says.
In 2017, there were 346 mass shootings nationwide, including the Las Vegas massacre — one of the deadliest in U.S. history — according to Gun Violence Archive, a nonprofit organization that tracks the country's gun-related deaths.
The group, which defines mass shootings as ones in which four or more people are killed or injured, has identified 159 so far this year, through July 3.
Just last week, a gunman burst into the newsroom of the Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Md., killing five journalists and injuring two others.
Many of the men and women who respond to these tragedies have become heroes and victims at once. Some firefighters, EMTs, police and others say the scale, sadness and sometimes sheer gruesomeness of their experiences haunt them.
toggle caption Heidi de Marco/Kaiser Health News
Many, like Mullan, are stoic, forgoing counseling even when it is offered.
"I don't have this sense that I need to go and speak to someone," says Mullan. "Maybe I do, and I just don't know it."
A growing toll
Research shows that emergency first responders suffer from the accumulation of stress and trauma. First responders report feeling depression, job burnout, substance abuse, troubled relationships — even suicide. Many studies have found elevated rates of post-traumatic stress disorder among nurses, firefighters and paramedics. A 2016 report by the International Association of firefighters found that firefighters and paramedics are exhibiting levels of PTSD similar to that of combat veterans.
Yet there's a dearth of research on treatment, insufficient preparation by employers for traumatic events and significant stigma associated with seeking care for the emotional fallout of those events, says Jeff Dill, a counselor and founder of the Firefighter Behavioral Health Alliance in Anthem, Ariz.
"When we have these national disasters or have a guy take a truck and run people over ... those are added stressors we aren't prepared for," says Dill, who is a former firefighter.
Dill says the emotional toll of these large-scale horrific events is magnified because everyone is talking about them. They are inescapable and become emotional "trigger points."
But a slow change in culture is also catching on, Dill says.
Dill travels the country teaching mental health awareness workshops for firefighters and other emergency personnel. Some employers are working on developing greater peer support, he says, but it often comes after the fact rather than proactively.
"We met a lot of resistance early on because of the [stoic] culture," says Dill.
Now, he says, emergency workers are starting to talk more openly about their PTSD and depression from the trauma they see at work. More first responders are reaching out to him and attending his workshops, he says.
"When I started in the fire service way back when, we didn't have to worry about those things," Dill says. But now, "out of those horrific incidents comes the conversation. They're talking about it instead of keeping it buried deep inside."
toggle caption Heidi de Marco/Kaiser Health News
'I was scared'
In 2015, Gary Schuelke, a police watch commander, raced to the scene of a holiday party in San Bernardino, Calif., where he and his fellow officers faced a fusillade of gunfire from a pair of homegrown terrorists.
He'd seen a lot on the force over the years, but this call was different — and not just because of the numerous casualties. His son, a young police officer, was there with him.
Schuelke and his son, Ryan, chased the assailants' car as the bullets whizzed by. It was the younger Schuelke's first time exchanging fire with suspects.
Afterward, when both were safe, "I asked him, 'You doing OK?' " Gary Schuelke recalls. "If you're not, it's cool. You can talk to me about it. He said, 'I'm good, Dad. I'm very happy to be part of taking down the bad guys.'"
The elder Schuelke says he recognized Ryan's attitude. It reminded him of his own when he was younger. Ryan was "just like I was when I was in my 20s ... chasing bad guys and making arrests," he says.
He recalls how he had decided early in his career to try to "compartmentalize" his work experiences so they wouldn't affect his personal life.
Generally, no one focused on officers' mental health back then, he says, but experience has taught him how important it is to do just that.
Since then, he and some of his older colleagues have become more open to seeking help, he says. But some of the younger officers, like his son, still try to be stoic.
After the 2014 terrorist attack, which left 14 dead, his department quickly set up a "debriefing" meeting for all the officers involved, where they talked about the event as a group.
"I made it a point in that meeting that I was going to talk about the fact that I was scared," says Schuelke. "Not try to be macho in there and act like nothing bothered me about it."
This story was produced by Kaiser Health News (KHN), which publishes California Healthline, an editorially independent service of the California Health Care Foundation. KHN is not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.
Trump Organization Proceeds With Two Major Indonesia Projects
Audio will be available later today.
New York Times Washington correspondent Eric Lipton speaks with NPR's Audie Cornish about how two projects in Indonesia could create conflicts of interest for him as he takes office.
In 'Atlantic' Profile, Stephen Miller Called 'Trump's Right-Hand Troll' Steve Inskeep talks to journalist McKay Coppins, who has written a profile in The Atlantic of Stephen Miller, one of President Trump's most controversial White House aides.
Americans are drinking less orange juice now than any other time in the past two decades, but we still drink more than any other country in the world. Wanna know how OJ is made? Check out the video! YUMMY!
The United States Air Force Total Force Band performs in the 128th Rose Parade in Pasadena, Calif., Jan. 2, 2017. The USAF Total Force Band kicked off the Air Force 70th Birthday celebration playing several venues in Southern California culminating with their appearance in the 128th Rose Parade. The band is comprised of active duty and Air National Guard musicians from around the Air Force. (U.S. Air Force photo/Louis Briscese)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.02.2017 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 15:12 Photo ID: 3083238 VIRIN: 170102-F-LI975-0138 Resolution: 2400x3000 Size: 1.34 MB Location: US Web Views: 11 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, USAF Total Force Band Plays in 128th Rose Parade [Image 1 of 12], by Louis Briscese, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
By The Associated Press
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — The United Arab Emirates says its ambassador to Afghanistan has died of wounds sustained in a January bombing that also claimed the lives of five other Emirati nationals.
The official WAM news agency on Wednesday cited the Ministry of Presidential Affairs in announcing the death of Ambassador Juma Mohammed Abdullah al-Kaabi.
The ambassador was wounded in a bombing in the southern Afghan city of Kandahar on Jan. 10. Kandahar Gov. Homayun Azizia was among others wounded in the explosion.
The Taliban denied they were behind the blast, which the militant group blamed on an “internal local rivalry.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ant McPartlin is likely to miss hosting I'm A Celebrity, close pal Stephen Mulhern has revealed.
Britain's Got More Talent presenter Stephen says Ant, 42, needs to be left alone and will hopefully back “next year”.
That would end any hope that he will be back in the jungle alongside Declan Donnelly, his TV partner of nearly 30 years.
Stephen told Best: “Fingers crossed, Ant will get the treatment he needs and be back to his old self for next year.
"But he does need the rest and to be left alone, and given the time to recover.”
(Image: ITV)
(Image: PA)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
However, a source insisted “no-one has any idea” how long Ant will be off.
They said: “He'll be off for as long as it takes him to get better. Work is not even being discussed with him. The only priority is him getting better.”
Ant appeared on Britain's Got Talent last weekend but the show was recorded in January. It was Ant's first TV appearance since he was banned from the road for 20 months and fined £86,000 after being caught drink driving in March.
ITV confirmed Dec, 42, will host the BGT live shows without him. Stephen said: “I'm going to miss him on the live shows, but Dec will do a great job.”
Maybe you're new to the whole fitness game. Or maybe you've been working out for what seems like an eternity, and aren't seeing results. Either way, you're likely to ask yourself: Um, how long do I need to do this before I can detect the presence of an ab?
This is a reasonable question, especially in a world of scammy get-fit-quick programs. But much like Rome, your belly wasn't built in a day. It took years of neglect and cartons of Nutter Butters. And because we love you, we are going to tell you the truth: It takes some time to come off, too.
As P90X founder and preposterously shredded 57-year-old Tony Horton puts it: “I don't know why we bother with 12 years of grade school, and then college, and we're fine with how long that shit takes, but we can't lose weight in two months, so we quit. If you quit first grade, you're going to end up in a van down by the river.”
So have some patience. And while you're waiting, work your ass off.
Horton says says 22 days a month is the absolute minimum you should be working out—and 25 days is an ideal goal. Of course, that presumes you're putting in real effort those 25 visits. “If you're at the gym, that doesn't mean you're working out. That just means your physical body is at the gym.People think if they just go through the motions of something, that it's going to bring the results,” says Barry's Bootcamp trainer Noah Neiman. “Consistent, intense effort and dedication—that's what separates the people you see at the gym that have those bodies that you really want and those people that go to the gym and put in the time and never see the results.”
And if you're putting in those 22 days a month, and you're going hard, and you're still not seeing results, we have a hack for that, too: Make your very first exercise the one you dislike most. If you hate running, hit the treadmill before you do anything else. If you dread the hamstring machine, knock it out and get it over with. “It's going to change your body, because that's the one thing your body's not used to doing,” says Alonzo Wilson, founder and director of training at New York's Tone House. “It has no choice but to change—and it only changes when you make it change.”
So if you're jogging three miles for 22 straight days, you're going to get to a point where that's no longer such a challenge. Swim one day instead. If you've been doing sets of 20 push-ups for eight months, it's probably time to shoot for 25—or try a deadlift. “If you do everything you're good at, your body just gets accustomed,” Wilson says “You reach a plateau.”
This doesn't mean stop the exercises you're good at it. Just mix in some new ones to keep your body sharp (and also very, very sore). And when you do make it back to your strengths, track your progress, and make sure you're increasing the difficulty of those familiar exercises.
“Doing your ‘best' changes,” Horton reminds us. “It changes from day to day, workout to workout, month to month.”
STAY CONNECTED WITH US GQ India
NOW READ
> More on Fitness
This article originally appeared on gq.com
It's that time of the year when people across the country are filling out brackets for March Madness.
On Wednesday last week, the University of Michigan men's basketball team started a trip that they will never forget.
Their plane slid off the runaway causing only minor bumps and bruises, but a major scare for the team.
So much so that Head Coach John Beilein gave the club the option to pull out of the Big Ten tourney.
Instead, the wolverines voted to hop on a plane the next day and hit the court by noon.
They won their first game in their pre-game warm ups, but from there Michigan came together and put up perhaps the most magical run in the tourney's history.
As the 8th seed went on to eliminate No. 1 Purdue, they took care of Minnesota and then beat Wisconsin for the title.
The team won four games in four days after avoiding disaster on the runway.
Derrick Walton, who reportedly voted to skip the tourney at first, said the team was tired but that wasn't an option.
“Just wanted to do something so special and wanted to do it so bad. Fatigue wasn't even a factor. As much as we were probably fatigued and we'll probably feel it tomorrow, the outcome of it being so sweet overcame that fatigued feeling,” Walton said.
Former Wolverine Austin Hatch, who had survived two plane crashes, got on a flight Thursday to travel with the team to D.C.
He was not on the flight the day before.
Michigan will face Oklahoma State on Friday.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
A storm moved over Citizens Bank Park on Tuesday afternoon just as the visiting Orioles were set to begin batting practice, robbing Manny Machado of the chance to take some early swings at a ballpark that may soon be his.
There is a solid chance that Machado will be on the move this month as the Orioles try to ship him before the July 31 trade deadline. And the Phillies, who have deep ties to the superstar infielder, are interested. But the price, likely a bounty of prospects, could be too much for the Phillies or any other team if Machado is not willing to sign a contract extension before a trade is made.
If the Phillies are to pounce this month, first they will have to weigh how much they are willing to sacrifice for Machado if he does not sign an extension. Trading for the Orioles star would give the Phillies a boost in their hunt for a playoff spot, but perhaps more important, it could better their chances of signing him this winter. But they may just find it better to wait until the offseason and try signing him without the loss of prospects.
>> READ MORE: Phillies top Orioles behind Zach Eflin's gem, Maikel Franco's big play
Machado is just five months away from free agency. He entered Tuesday ranked in the top 10 in the majors in homers (21), OPS (.941), slugging percentage (.564), and RBIs (59). Machado, who turns 26 on Friday, is one of the league's premier players and will hit the open market in his prime. It is hard to blame to him if he wants to test his value instead of signing an extension in July.
“I said the last time we sat here that if we're in the mix in July that we will consider shorter-term acquisitions, rental-type players,” Phillies general manager Matt Klentak said. “And any trade we're going to make is going to cost us some talent. We understand that. But we are hopeful that we are just now opening a contention window that's going to last for a long time. Our goal is not to peak one year and then fade the next. Our goal is to open up a window and be good for a long, long time. So, we just have to make sure that whatever trades we're contemplating are appropriately balancing now with the future.”
>> READ MORE: Matt Klentak, Phillies will be buyers at the trade deadline
International signings
The Phillies announced the signing of 14 international prospects, including 16-year-old righthander Starlyn Castillo from the Dominican Republic. MLB.com ranks the 6-foot-1, 190-pound Castillo as the second-best pitching prospect and the eighth-best player in this year's international signing class. The Phillies also signed Joalbert Angulo, a 6-foot-5, 16-year-old lefthander from Venezuela. Baseball America ranks Angulo as the 42nd-best player.
Extra bases
Luis Garcia (wrist) threw off flat ground Tuesday afternoon, but the Phillies will need him to test his splitter on the mound before activating him from the disabled list. … Vince Velasquez is confident that he will return when his 10-day disabled list stint is up. The swelling on his forearm has gone down since he was hit Saturday with a line drive. … Aaron Nola will start Wednesday afternoon in the series finale.
The Southington Board of Education conducted their annual evaluation of the Superintendent of Schools on Thursday, Sept. 14. This evaluation is based on Superintendent Timothy Connellan's performance in the district from July 1, 2016, though the close of the 2016-2017 school year.
“The Southington Board of Education determined that Mr. Connellan met, or exceeded, expectations in all standards,” officials said in the release. “The Board recognizes and values Mr. Connellan's leadership in all areas of his work and that he has accomplished the yearly goals set forth for the 2016-2017 school year.”
Each year the Superintendent is responsible for listing detailed goals for the school year. The goals are broken down into categories including: teaching and learning, facilities, technology, school safety and security, and budget. Each category outlines further-specified goals, and after the year is up, all goals are determined as either completed or incomplete by the Board.
A press release from the Board of Education explained that the evaluation process is conducted by the board, where the superintendent is evaluated on the following standards: board-superintendent relations, community relations, personnel relations, educational program, business matters, professional leadership, and personal qualities.
“Mr. Connellan's leadership is moving our district toward improved student outcomes and ongoing improvement of practice by our staff,” BOE chair Brian Goralski said in the release. “The Board appreciates Mr. Connellan's organized, thoughtful and student focused approach in his own professional practice as Superintendent of the Southington Public Schools. The Board looks forward to continuing out work with Mr. Connellan.”
A Texas couple has been arrested for allegedly selling a 14-year-old girl to an Illinois family.Steve Marks has been charged with purchasing or selling a child for sex. He's being held at Rockwall County Jail with bail set at $1 million.Police affidavits allege Marks knowingly sold the child for sex to a family in Elgin, Illinois. The affidavits say Marks and his wife, Lila Miller, attempted to resell the girl to a different family in Florida after the Illinois family only paid half of the agreed amount.Miller is facing the same charges as her husband.Marks denied the accusation to WFAA-TV, saying that anyone who would sell a child for sex "needs to be put away for the rest of their life."The Texas Department of Family and Protective Services reported the teen missing in September.
Buy Photo Catholic's Jake Renfree. File photo. (Photo: CAITIE MCMEKIN/NEWS SENTINEL)Buy Photo
There was a surprise top finisher Saturday among three Knoxville runners entered in Saturday's Foot Locker Cross Country Championship in California.
Catholic junior Jake Renfree earned first-team All-American honors by finishing fifth in 15 minutes, 38.7 seconds at Balboa Park's Morley Field in San Diego.
The meet featured the top 40 girls and top 40 boys distance runners in the nation.
Webb senior Carter Coughlin placed 15th in 15:52.3 to garner third-team All-American honors.
Meanwhile, it wasn't the cap to her stellar career that Rebecca Story was hoping for.
The Christian Academy senior and Stanford signee finished a disappointing 34th in 19:03.3 after placing third in the race last year.
Renfree, who entered the South regional on a lark and placed in the top 10 to qualify for nationals, seemed stunned by his finish.
“It's just unbelievable,” said Renfree, who picked up the pace after a slow start. “I looked around and realized I was in last place after about 800 meters. The second loop I had no regrets. I think I was about 13th in the last mile before I picked off five or six runners going up the last hill.”
Coughlin, who will run for Wake Forest, said he was pleased with the final chapter of his high school career.
“I feel pretty good about it,” he said. “I could have gone out a little faster, but I left it all out there.”
Story had designs on challenging for the top prize, but she quickly realized it just wasn't her day.
“I think all runners have days like today,” said Story, who was undefeated this season coming into the race.
“Going into it I thought I was a little nervous and I let it affect me. I could have handled it better. I just have to deal with it, take a step back and look at my race preparation.”
Story finished exactly two minutes off the winning time of junior Claudia Lane of Malibu, Calif.
Lane, who put a punctuation mark on an undefeated season and successfully defended her Foot Locker crown.
Lane led from start to finish and posted a nearly 20-second win in 17:03.4. Story was able to quickly put her disappointment behind her as she turned into a cheerleader for Renfree and Coughlin during the boys' race.
“I asked Jake what happened after the race and he said ‘I don't really know,'” she said with a laugh.
“I'm really proud of Jake and Carter.”
Mike Blackerby is a freelance contributor
A fresh case of Apple's new iPhone popping open due to a swollen battery has been reported in state media in China, the world's biggest smartphone market where the US firm is seeking to revive faltering sales.
The incident comes as Apple investigates similar cases reported in Taiwan and Japan of batteries in its latest iPhone 8 Plus becoming bloated, causing the device's casing to open.
On its website on Thursday, China's state-backed ThePaper.cn cited an iPhone buyer surnamed Liu as saying his newly purchased iPhone 8 Plus arrived cracked open on Oct 5. There was no sign of scorching or an explosion.Liu told
Liu told the paper he bought the handset through an online marketplace of JD.com. He said he did not charge the new device and returned it to the seller.
Pictures taken by Liu and displayed on the paper's website showed an iPhone 8 plus split open along the side featuring the sim card holding, with the phone's internal parts visible.
An Apple spokesperson said the company is looking into the matter and declined to comment further.
The incident comes as indifferent reviews of the iPhone 8, which comes 10 years after Apple released the first version of the revolutionary phone, drove down shares of the company since the handset's launch.
Some investors worry whether pre-orders for the device were well below previous launches, although some Apple fans are waiting for the premium iPhone X due out in early November.
Apple competes in China with local makers, including Huawei Technologies and Oppo which sell phones with high-end features at lower prices.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The trial of a grime artist accused of rape, assault by penetration, false imprisonment and assault has been adjourned.
Andy Anokye, 31, who performs under the stage name Solo 45, denies 31 charges.
The charges, relating to four alleged victims, include 22 counts of rape and five counts of false imprisonment.
Anokye also denies two charges of assault by penetration and two charges of assault occasioning actual bodily harm.
Judge William Hart adjourned the case during a hearing at Bristol Crown Court on Tuesday.
"The trial of Mr Anokye has been adjourned to a date to be fixed and that day is not yet capable of being finalised," the judge said.
Christopher Quinlan QC is prosecuting the case, with Sallie Bennett-Jenkins QC representing Anokye.
Anokye, of Millennium Promenade, Bristol, denies all the charges against him.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Slaven Bilic has brushed off the persistent speculation about his job at West Ham and shrugged: “I'm not bothered.”
From Jaap Stam to Slavisa Jokanovic and Roberto Mancini, the list of contenders to take over from Bilic as Hammers manager is long enough to form a sizeable picket line at the Taxpayers Stadium.
Owners David Gold and David Sullivan gave Bilic a resounding vote of confidence – not that one of those did much for Claudio Ranieri at Leicester – and West Ham have since clinched Premier League safety, in all but advanced mathematics.
Travelling fans belted out their support for Bilic in the 2-2 draw at Sunderland on Saturday, and the Croatian has remained dignified amid the distasteful swirl of rumours that his job is on the line.
(Photo: Stu Forster / Getty)
Bilic said: “I've always been quite relaxed about my contract situation. I do my job the best I can and those things don't bother me.
“At the end of the day, I have a contract which has another year to run, so I'm honestly not bothered.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The driver suspected of leaving ten people dead and injuring 15 others in Toronto praised a British mass killer just minutes before he ploughed into his victims.
Alek Minassian, the man accused of steering a white rental van down a packed street, lauded Elliot Rodger who shot dead six people in a massacre near the University of California, Santa Barbara.
Just before the attack on Monday, Minassian wrote on his Facebook page: "The Incel Rebellion has already begun!"
"We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys! All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!”
'Incel' is a term describing men who are celibate because women refuse to sleep with them while 'Chad' is a term used to refer to sexually active men among the incel community.
(Image: Splash)
The posts have not been independently verified to be Minassian's but they bear the same photo on his LinkedIn page.
Before London-born Rodger carried out his attack in 2014, he penned a 141-page manifesto detailing how girls had "rejected" him, and also posted a video online describing how he envied more successful men and wanted to punish them for their sexual activity.
(Image: MEGA)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
Minassian's post fuelled speculation about what caused him to drive into a lunch-hour crowd along a roughly mile-long stretch of pavement packed with pedestrians.
Video taken of the driver's arrest shows the suspect telling police to shoot him.
At one point he is seen pointing a dark object at officers who can be heard telling him to get down on the ground.
“Kill me,” he tells police. “I have a gun in my pocket.”
Armed cops warn him if he doesn't get on the ground, they will fire.
“Shoot me in the head,” he tells them.
The officers arrested the driver without firing any shots.
(Image: Twitter/ @vce7)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Today he appeared in court in Toronto where he was charged with ten counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, wore a white jail jumpsuit and had his hands handcuffed.
He showed little emotion and was asked to say his name and if he understood an order not to have any contact with anyone injured in Monday's attack.
He did not enter a plea to the charges and was ordered to return to court on May 10.
Minassian's appearance came as the first victim to be identified by police was named as Anne Marie D'Amico.
She was an employee at Invesco investment management firm, which has its headquarters on Yonge Street where the attack occurred.
(Image: Facebook)
Peter Intraligi, president of Invesco Canada, confirmed her death.
"Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with all those impacted by this tragic event," Intraligi said.
"I can now confirm that unfortunately one of our employees has succumbed to her injuries.
"Out of respect for her and her family, we will not be providing any further comments."
Colleagues at the firm have been devastated by the loss of D'Amico who was described as "full of life, loved to travel, loved to help volunteer."
"She was a very warm, friendly presence in the office," colleague Jon Tam said.
"Always smiling. I'll definitely be missing seeing that smile around the office."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man has been arrested for allegedly uncovering a blaze victim's body near Grenfell Tower and posting sick photos of the remains on Facebook.
The suspect is accused of uploading the disturbing photos to his Facebook page this morning as hundreds of firefighters were still battling to save lives in the tower block inferno.
He asked Facebook friends: "Does anyone know this body laying outside my flat for more than two hours?"
Friends replied telling him to call the police and he was asked: "Did you open the bag," to which he replied: "Yes."
The Met Police tonight confirmed a suspect has been arrested on suspicion of sending malicious communications and obstructing a coroner.
(Photo: UK News in Pictures)
(Photo: UK News in Pictures)
(Photo: Getty)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The blaze began around 1am when a fridge reportedly malfunctioned.
The fire spread throughout most of the 24-storey building and reduced it to a shell.
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: Rex Features)
Authorities have confirmed 12 people died in the blaze while 78 were injured, 18 of whom were in a critical condition.
The death toll was expected to increase as emergency service crews had still not been able to do a full thorough search of the building.
(Photo: Rex Features)
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
There are fears over the integrity of the high-rise block, although fire crews had managed to reach the top floor today.
Drones were also being used to examine upper floors of the structure.
A Met spokesman said: "A 43-year-old man was arrested near to Latimer Road station at around 6pm on suspicion of sending malicious communications and obstructing a coroner.
"The arrest relates to the fire at Grenfell Tower. The man has been taken into custody at a west London police station."
TURKEY POINT -
Bystanders helped rescue a seriously injured teen in the waters of Lake Erie on Tuesday afternoon.
A 17-year-old Oakville resident was injured after being thrown from a personal watercraft while at Pottahawk, said police.
Off-duty police officers and other bystanders who witnessed the incident sprang into action to rescue the teen and hold him above water until emergency services arrived at the scene.
Norfolk OPP along with the members of the Joint Rescue Coordination Centre Trenton, Norfolk County Paramedic Services and Ornge responded to Turkey Point at about 3:22 p.m..
The teen was transported back to shore and then taken by air ambulance to a London area hospital to be treated for serious non-life threatening injuries.
"The OPP need everyone to put their safety as a priority. If it hadn't been for the quick thinking actions of everyone involved, the outcome could have been a tragic one,” Norfolk OPP Constable Ed Sanchuk said in a media release.
The investigation is continuing.
Pinewoods Conservation Group says it is not giving up its battle to protect the popular wooded area of Harrogate from developers.
Dedicated volunteers from this charity group raised concerns after their bid to have Irongate Field in the Harlow Hill part of town designated as official 'green space' in the new Local Plan was rejected by Harrogate Borough Council.
As a result, PCG has formally asked in a letter to local councillors that Harrogate Council amends its draft Local Plan.
The PCG fears Irongate field is vulnerable for future development.
And the charity group has also queried some of the council's reasons for the decision, claiming there were errors by council officers in its designation of different areas.
The council had said that landowner, HBC Estates, had requested an amended site boundary to take account of the extant planning permission on Irongate Field but PCG suspected this actually referred to the Rotary Wood planning.
While admitting an "error", Coun Rebecca Burnet, HBC's cabinet member for planning, said the council's reasoning and methadology was sound on the future of the Irongate Field and said there were no development proposals for Irongate Field.
And, she added, the group had the chance to submit formal comments in relation to the designation of this site as part of the Publication Draft Plan consultation in January.
She said: "There is absolutely no dispute that Irongate Field is recognised as an area within the Pinewoods Management Plan, nor any question that the Pinewoods Conservation Group would have an equal interest in conserving all areas covered by that plan.
"However, the fact that the different sites are combined in this way for site management purposes does not mean that they are one site.
"The Irongate Field site is physically separate to the Pinewoods in terms of its location and is an open grassed field which is different in character to the wooded area - being located on the opposite side of Rotary Wood.
"Whilst the PCG made one submission to cover the three different management areas, it was appropriate for officers to consider the form and function of these different areas within their assessment work.
"In line with national policy the Council's methodology states that the areas submitted are expected to be fairly self-contained and to have clearly defined boundaries.
"The process also requires officers to determine whether a site is local in character and that it should not be an extensive tract of land. The approach taken on the Pinewoods submission is consistent with our approach across all LGS work on the plan.
"There is planning permission for Irongate Field. I understand that officers received an email from you on November 8 requesting clarification as to whether there was a misunderstanding in relation to the planning status of Irongate field.
"An email response was sent back to you confirming that the extant planning permission referenced in the document actually applies to the area of land known as Rotary Wood (application number 16/05254/OUTMAJ).
"You are, therefore, aware that this reference was simply a drafting error on our part, and the name Rotary Wood should have been used.
"However when officers were assessing and discussing this area of land they were clear at all times about the exact boundary of the extant permission and as such, this error in terminology had no bearing on the decision to exclude Irongate Field from the area of land to be designated as Local Green Space.
"I appreciate that you will remain disappointed that Irongate Field is not included in the LGS designation. You do have the opportunity to subit formal comments in relation to the designation of this site as part of the Publication Draft Plan consultation in January."
Neil Hind, chairperson of Pinewoods Conservation Group, said the group was not going to give up in their work to protect as much of the Pinewoods as possible.
He said: “Although we are pleased the council has accepted that drafting errors made, we are still disappointed they do not intend to amend the plan to include Irongate Field.
"We look forward to receiving details of the further information the council need to re-consider their position in the January consultation.
"Depending on that requirement we are likely to need to ask our members and local residents to make their views known for a third time. ”
Thomas Rhett's wife Lauren gave birth to a baby girl on Saturday. They named her Ada James. They're now a family of four, since they adopted a little girl from a Ugandan orphanage in May.
Their adopted daughter is named Willa Gray, and she's 21 months old.
Thomas went on Instagram and tried to verbalize what it's like to witness something as incredible as childbirth. Quote, “It was truly the most amazing thing I have ever experienced. My wife labored almost 36 hours.
“She is by far the strongest human being I have ever met and I have a new-found respect for moms around the world. We are so excited that Willa Gray has a baby sister. Thank you Lord and everyone for the prayers.”
Lauren was able to share some feelings of her own: “We are all doing well now, just resting. Thank y'all for your prayers. She's a miracle and God is so good. Thomas and I are so in love with her. And Willa Gray is excited to finally have a baby sister.”
The Great Bell has sounded on the hour for 157 years. It last fell silent in 2007 and before that, for major refurbishments between 1983 and 1985. Photo: Reuters
London: The chimes of one of the world's most famous clock towers of the 19th century, the Big Ben in London, will fall silent for essential repairs for four years from next week.
The regular bongs of the Elizabeth Tower, as it is officially known, will sound for the final time at midday next Monday before being disconnected to allow the clock and surrounding tower to be restored.
The Great Bell has sounded on the hour for 157 years. It last fell silent in 2007 and before that, for major refurbishments between 1983 and 1985. Parliamentary authorities said stopping Big Ben—the commonly used name for the Palace of Westminster's Elizabeth Tower—would protect workers carrying out the repairs.
However, it will still sound for important events including New Year's Eve and Remembrance on Sunday. “This essential programme of works will safeguard the clock on a long term basis, as well as protecting and preserving its home—the Elizabeth Tower,” said Steve Jaggs, the clock's keeper.
The Big Ben, part of the Palace of Westminster Parliament complex in central London, traditionally strikes an E note every hour, and every 15 minutes four “quarter bells” chime. To stop the chimes, the striking hammers of the bell will be locked until 2021. It weighs 13.7 tonnes.
Elizabeth Tower is said to be the most photographed building in the UK. The project's principal architect Adam Watrobski told the BBC the works would install new amenities in the tower, including a lift, toilet and kitchen. The essential maintenance will also include making the structure more energy efficient.
Mia Abulencia, Half Hollow Hills West, Sr. — She finished third in the long jump at the state championships last season.
Ellen Byrnes, Sacred Heart, Sr. — She is the second fastest returner from the 600 meters at the state championships last season.
Zaria Fuller, Uniondale, Jr. — The multitalented Fuller finished sixth in high jump at the state championships last year, two inches off the winning height.
Brianna Harris, Elmont, Sr. — A Nassau powerhouse, she was eighth in the 300 at state championships last season.
Katherine Lee, Shoreham-Wading River, Sr. — The Georgetown commit is a threat in both mid- and long-distance races. She is a three-time Newsday Cross Country Runner of the Year.
BROKERING BUDS: Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson went out on a limb to start Darling Downs Insurance Brokers 27 years ago but tomorrow they're saying goodbye to loyal clients from over the years as they both retire.
BROKERING BUDS: Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson went out on a limb to start Darling Downs Insurance Brokers 27 years ago but tomorrow they're saying goodbye to loyal clients from over the years as they both retire. Marian Faa
A BOLD pair of brokers who banded together to fight centralisation are finally taking off their suit ties and retiring after 27 years in business.
When Warwick's Suncorp branch announced it was slashing Warwick staff and centralising back in 1991, Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson decided they would seize a new opportunity.
The pair backed each another in a brave step to become the region's first insurance brokers and the only independent brokers.
"It was challenging, that's for sure," Mr McKenzie said.
Starting from nothing, the two worked tireless hours and lived solely off savings for their first year of business.
But through the years, Darling Downs Insurance Brokers' reputation began to spread across the country.
"Our first client was mayor of the time, Stan Walsh, which gave a boost to our confidence," Mr Munson said.
In their first four years, the independent brokers took on 2500clients.
BEGINNINGS: Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson in the early days of their business, Darling Downs Insurance Brokers. Contributed
But a challenge for the small-town brokers came with the new millennium when the Financial Services Reform Act was passed in April 2001.
The act meant the business would have to expand by at least 30per cent in order to survive the new costs imposed on insurance brokers.
Keeping the dream alive, the pair purchased books of business from three other companies in town, including Ray Lyons and Andrew Brennan.
Establishing an office in Toowoomba, the name of the business changed from Warwick and District Insurance Broker to its name of today.
Through the years, the business has grown to service customers right across the country.
"It's nothing for us to have clients from Tasmania, Perth ... and most of those are people who have lived in Warwick but moved away and stayed with us," Mr Munson said.
Today, the company's household policy is regarded as one of the best in Australia.
"I think Peter and I got on very well. I don't think we have had a cross word in 27 years," Mr Munson said.
Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson look back on 27 years of success. Marian Faa
With only six staff members through the business in that whole time, they seem to be treating their employees right too.
"It's the people and the camaraderie that has been the highlight," MrMcKenzie said.
But as the pair prepare to farewell their fruitful careers, they say all will be business as usual for new and existing clients.
The company will be taken over by Paul's son, Andrew Munson, and Brad Millard, who have both been working in the business for a number of years.
While Mr Munson jets off to Europe in time for the Armistice Day centenary celebrations in London, MrMcKenzie will be putting up his feet and taking a well-earned rest while he contemplates the next chapter of his life. Both plan to remain in the Warwick region, where they were born and bred.
Both plan to remain in Warwick - the region where they were born and bred.
Mr Munson and Mr McKenzie would like to invite their clients for a farewell "cuppa" at their Warwick office at 70 Grafton St this Friday between 10am and 2pm.
By The Associated Press
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) — Two men suspected of a carjacking in Connecticut were killed when the stolen car crashed into a synagogue following a police chase.
New Haven police say the two suspects claimed to have a handgun and took the victim's 2005 Toyota Highlander around 12:15 a.m. Monday. The victim was not injured.
A little more than an hour later an officer spotted the stolen car, called for backup, and began pursuing the suspects.
The stolen car crashed into the Congregation Beth El Keser Synagogue.
The suspects' names have not been released. New Haven police say the investigation has been turned over to the Connecticut State Police and the state's attorney's office.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Burglaries were up dramatically last year, continuing with the trend of the past several years. The Juneau Police Department said there were 310 burglaries reported in 2016. That's triple the 94 burglaries that were reported in 2012.
Last year's spike in burglaries continued even into the first few months of this year, Juneau Police Detective Benjamin Beck said.
“It appears to me that there is a group of serial burglars, people who were repeatedly committing burglaries. And I think it's evident by some arrests that have been made lately,” Beck said. “After those arrests, the amount of burglaries has declined rapidly. There's been a huge drop in burglaries after those arrests.”
Despite that, Beck said there are still burglaries committed as random crimes of opportunity.
Burglary is defined by any unlawful entry into a structure to commit theft.
Burglars tend to hit businesses during the night, and go through homes during the day when everyone is at work or school.
“It was more initially just like shock of, wait, somebody was in our house and then feeling kind of violated and feeling yucky,” said Amy Dressel, whose house was burglarized in February.
The shock later turned to sadness as she realized what was missing, she said.
It's possible that someone was watching her house in February before they burglarized it, Dressel said. The burglar went through her place after she left for work and while her mom was out walking the dogs.
“They obtained entry to our house and then they went through the bedrooms and emptied every possible thing that they could find that was of value: jewelry boxes, memory boxes,” Dressel said. “They went through the drawers of the bedrooms and, I guess, shelfs.”
Dressel said some of her acquaintances found a few of her items disposed by the burglar in the landfill and in Gold Creek.
Craig Millard suspects that someone broke into his house, twice.
The first time was in December when someone entered through a garage side door and stole winter coats and camping gear stored in the garage.
The burglar returned in March while he and his roommate were sleeping and stole a few items in the kitchen area.
“The first time it was probably unlocked and that's how they got in,” Millard said. “The second time JPD thinks that they probably carded the door knob because that's why we got that plate installed.”
A new set of interlocking plates on the garage's side door and door jamb prevents the old trick of using your identification or credit card to enter a locked door.
David Noon said someone last October kicked in a poorly installed deadbolt lock on the backdoor of his house.
The burglar made a mess in the living room before running off with Noon's hard drive full of children's photos, his kids Pokémon cards and his grandfather's pocketwatch.
“I noticed a couple things that were odd, like I had a new pair of headphones that I couldn't find and there was a deck of cards that was strewn on the floor,” Noon said. “I got in touch with my daughter and she's like ‘No, I didn't make that mess.' And that's when it just clicked in my head, yeah, there had been some burglaries in the neighborhood.”
The burglar didn't bother taking a small antique silver set and signed Norman Rockwell prints. Luckily, Noon said he had his laptop and iPad with him when the burglar paid a visit.
“There is a direct correlation between the opioid epidemic, the use of powdered drugs, generally — by that I mean heroin and methamphetamine — and our unprecedented spike in property crime,” District Attorney James Scott said.
Despite staff layoffs and sweeping changes in drug laws that reclassified some possession crimes as misdemeanors, Scott said prosecution of burglaries and drug crimes still is a priority.
“The vast majority of people that we prosecute for residential burglaries and business burglaries are people who ultimately are found to be committing crimes to support drug habits,” Scott said.
The Juneau Police Department also said thefts and larcenies also increased last year. From 2012 through 2015, they ranged from 742 to 991. They increased to 1,212 last year.
MANATEE COUNTY, Fla. -- “Very dangerous, very scary.”
Behind a blue tarp-covered fence is a hole that keeps getting bigger. Sara Muzzoni uses the laundromat that's 30 feet away once a week.
“No one's done anything about them,” said Sara. “I'm afraid it's going to get worse and come this way.”
One business owner says this large hole opened about a year ago at the Cortez Plaza East in Manatee County.
But it's not the first. There are another three smaller shallow holes nearby that have been there for two years, says the owner of Plato's Closet.
“Once the level is above the ditch, it floods here,” said Tim Higgs. He lives at Burgundy Condominiums off 5th Street on the east side of Cortez Plaza East.
Tim said the most recent larger hole near the ditch is causing flooding where he lives across the street
“Our chances of flooding are easier now then it was before,” said Tim. “I think it's the sinkhole contributing to that same blockage over there, the water building up is not running through as quickly.”
The plaza is up for sale on loopnet.com but a price isn't mentioned. We tried reaching the property owner Bradenton Associates LLC, the managing company Franklin Street, and the listing broker, but didn't get a response.
Manatee County says Bradenton Associates, LLC was cited for not repairing the underground stormwater pipes and fines have already capped at 10-thousand dollars.
Manatee County Spokesperson Nick Azzara said since the pipes are on a privately-owned parking lot, the property owner is responsible for making repairs.
The county says the collapsing infrastructure creates a public health, safety, and welfare issue for pedestrians.
“If they (Bradenton Associates LLC) are the owners, they have a responsibility not only to customers in the plaza, but to surrounding areas people live there.”
Sara added, “Get off your duff and fix it!”
►Make it easy to keep up-to-date with more stories like this. Download the 10 News app now.
Have a news tip? Email tips@wtsp.com, visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed.
© 2018 WTSP
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Girls Aloud star Nadine Coyle has cancelled her comeback tour that was due to take place next month.
The singer, 32, was due to be performing her own tracks and Girls Aloud songs - without her ex-bandmates at a string of shows that were supposed to kick off on 10 May in Glasgow.
But in a statement on her website,the Irish star wrote: "I am so sad to say I'm not able to do the tour at this time.
"I am so sorry and really wish things were different but for many reasons it is not meant to be.
(Image: Getty Images)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"You deserve the best show possible and with such big venues and very little dates it was becoming impossible to achieve what we had wanted to do.
"Everything is a lesson and this is definitely one for me. Thank you for your continued love and support!!!"
She had previously told The Sun: "I love the Girls Aloud songs and get messages from fans asking to hear them performed live again.
(Image: WENN.com)
"So this is giving them what they want."
Nadine also told the newspaper about the relationship between the former bandmates, saying: "It's so sad for me to have to admit this. For so long there's the band and you want everybody to think we're best friends.
"That's what I wanted it to be. I really, really wanted that to be but it just wasn't how it was."
Eric Paschall (left) and Phil Booth were among the Villanova basketball players honored before the Union's game with Chicago.
Nine years removed from their inaugural season, the Union have never won a trophy. Other than a pair of U.S. Open Cup runner-up finishes, the Union have never advanced past the MLS Cup quarterfinals.
Nonetheless, there were champions in the building Wednesday night.
The Villanova men's basketball team's victory tour continued as the reigning national champions made the trek to Chester, being honored on the field prior to the Union's matchup with the Chicago Fire. It was yet another stop for the Wildcats, who have ventured all across the Delaware Valley since cutting down the nets in San Antonio a little more than eight weeks ago.
“[The last couple of months] have been awesome with all the excitement from the community, family and friends,” guard Phil Booth said. “It's just been a good time enjoying the moment of winning a national championship.”
Even if the Wildcats were a little bit out of their element on the pitch rather than the hardwood, they certainly looked the part. Each donned a custom Union jersey with “Wildcats” and the number 18 on back along with a scarf, and they were greeted with a hearty round of applause right before kickoff.
Of course, the highlight event of their last two months came during the Sixers' playoff run. Before Meek Mill rang the bell prior to Game 5 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals, it was the Wildcats who were slated to do the honors.
Still, it was a moment to remember, even with two titles in the last three seasons.
“The Sixers game was real cool,” forward Eric Paschall said. “We got to go on the court, wave to everybody, Meek Mill just got out of jail that day.”
But even in victory, there are consequences. Although Villanova had known for a while that both Mikal Bridges and Jalen Brunson would be leaving early, plenty of salt was added to the wound this weekend when both Donte DiVincenzo and Omari Spellman forfeiting their remaining years of eligibility.
The absence of the four was noticeable when the group of eight Wildcats stepped onto the field Wednesday. Just two starters will return next season and more than 70 percent of the team's scoring offense will have to be replaced.
That just means the work starts earlier in their quest to repeat.
“Seeing Mikal, Jalen, Donte, and Omari chase their dreams, that's great,” Paschall said. “I'm happy for them and I know that's a tough process to go through. It's a lot coming off their shoulders, but I'm just glad for them.
“We've got a whole new group. …We can't change [our approach] knowing that we won a championship. We're just going to do what we do every day and that's to play Villanova basketball.”
As individuals, though, roles will be different. Paschall and Booth will be the only upperclassmen in the rotation, and even with the development of scorers like Collin Gillespie and Dhamir Cosby-Rountree – both who joined in the festivities at the Union game – the pair is expected to the Wildcats' definitive leaders.
“It's different,” Booth said. “We lost a lot of guys I've played with. We've got a whole new team, a lot younger team, so it's going to be different, so I'll have Eric with me and we'll have to do a good job getting these guys ready. … We're going to have to be focused and concentrate even throughout the summer.
“Winning the first championship was different. At ‘Nova, we hadn't won it [in a long time], so we didn't know how to handle it. But now this year, we've got a new team and we know what comes with being champions.”
SXSW 2018 Recap: Hip Hop, Latin Folk and Mexican Barbecue
Enlarge this image toggle caption Robb Klassen/Courtesy of the artist Robb Klassen/Courtesy of the artist
The 2018 South by Southwest Music Festival in Austin, Texas has come to an end. But before the week-long fest finished, Alt.Latino host Felix Contreras and NPR Music hip-hop correspondent Rodney Carmichael met up at a barbecue joint in Austin to dish about their favorite performances from the week.
Tierra Whack
"This is, like, my new favorite hip-hop artist right now," Carmichael says. "She has this song called 'Mumbo Jumbo' ... that she laid down rough vocals for and she never went back and cleaned them up. It sounds so good, and her energy on stage was so incredible."
YouTube
La Cuneta Son Machin
"They do a combination of Nicaraguan folk music mixed with jazz, mixed with ska, mixed with a bit of rock," Contreras says. "They blew the roof of this place."
YouTube
Sudan Archives
"She's up on the stage; this tall, thin, regal-looking black woman with an afro that adds another five feet to her stature," Carmichael says. "It's just a mix of soul and funk and classical thrown in."
YouTube
Hear the full conversation at the audio link.
April 24 (UPI) -- Veteran center Andrew Bogut has retired from the NBA and is joining Australia's National Basketball League.
Bogut, 33, announced the decision on Monday.
"It was one of those things that has been in the back of the mind for the last couple of years," Bogut said at a news conference. "Obviously I played 13 years in the NBA. The back of my mind was not if, but when I'm going to come back to the NBL. I feel like I've got a lot left in the tank to come back in a situation where I can still play at a high level, rather than waiting [until age] 36-37-38. Who knows how I'm moving at that point?"
"The Kings put together more than a professional proposal. One thing I'll say is that this is a world-class NBA-level negotiation. I think it was more of a partnership. It was world-class. I've been in rooms with the best GMs and owners in the world and I'm not just saying this."
There's a new King in the NBL 🤴🏻 as @andrewbogut officially joins the @SydneyKings on a 2 year deal #NBL19 pic.twitter.com/PwFxKFW8fi — NBL (@NBL) April 23, 2018
The 13-year journeyman was the No. 1 overall pick in the 2005 NBA Draft. He played his first seven seasons with the Milwaukee Bucks, before getting traded to the Golden State Warriors during the 2012 offseason. He was traded to the Dallas Mavericks in 2016 and again to the Philadelphia 76ers in 2017, before being waived.
Bogut joined the Cleveland Cavaliers in March of 2017, but was injured in his first game and missed the rest of the season. He signed a contract with the Los Angeles Lakers in Sept., but was waived in Jan.
His new contract does not include European or NBA outs. Bogut said he had two NBA teams interested in signing him.
"In what ranks as the biggest signing in the history of the National Basketball League, Andrew Bogut will be a Sydney King for the next two seasons," the Kings said in a statement.
"The 33-year-old Bogut joins the Kings in time for its upcoming 30th anniversary season in the NBL."
The 7-foot, 260-pound center was never an All-Star, but was a 2009-2010 third-team All-NBA selection.
The Melbourne, Australia, native led the league in blocks in 2010. Bogut averaged 1.6 points and 3.4 rebounds per game this season for the Lakers. He averaged 15.9 points, 10.2 rebounds and 2.5 blocks per game during his best season, which came in 2009 for the Bucks.
Bogut won the NBA Finals in 2015 with the Warriors.
The Kings currently rank No. 7 in league standings, with an 11-17 record.
Bogut's deal includes a stake in the franchise.
The Australian big man announced in March that he would not be returning for the remainder of the NBA season due to the death of his grandfather and his wife's high-risk pregnancy. He remained with his wife in his native country during the pregnancy.
On March 17, British Ambassador to Moscow Laurie Bristow was summoned to the Russian Foreign Ministry where he was handed a note saying that in response to provocative actions of the British side and evidence-free accusations against the Russian Federation over the incident in the city of Salisbury on March 4 this year, the Russian side has taken the following retaliatory measures:
Twenty three diplomats of the British Embassy in Moscow have been declared personae non gratae and will be expelled within a week's time.
Taking into account the disparity in the number of consulates of the two countries, Russia withdraws permission to open the British Consulate General in St. Petersburg. Related procedures will be carried out in accordance with international law. Due to the unregulated status of the British Council in the Russian Federation it will be dissolved... Due to the unregulated status of the British Council in the Russian Federation, its activities are terminated," the statement said.
The expulsion of 23 British diplomats, to be complete within one week is accompanied by the decision to close the British consulate in St Petersburg.Earler this week thewho was in Britain to visit her father. Sergey and Yulia Skripal remain hospitalized after suffering an attack by a nerve agent determined by British authorities to be Novichok, an agent developed in the Soviet Union. In the wake of this conviction, which came without any sort of substantive proof,On Saturday March 17, the Russian response was announced. Twenty-three British diplomats have also been expelled from the Russian Federation. "The British side has been warned that if more unfriendly actions against Russia follow, the Russian side reserves the right of taking other retaliation measures," the ministry added.This marks the latest move in the biggest diplomatic row between the two countries in a very long time. The termination of the British Council is actually fairly significant, as the Council provides educational activities such as English Language training and support in the fields of arts and culture. It opened its first office in Moscow in 1992, and then spread throughout the country in later years. However, since January 1st, 2008, all regional offices except the Moscow office were closed under the charge of "not complying with Russian legislation." Now, the Moscow office is to be closed as well.which London claims involved a Soviet-era nerve agent called Novichok. Both nations are members of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), which means that
0
Students flock into buildings on campus at Montclair State University to take part in group activities, hoping to find some new things to do in their spare time.
However, the meetings and activities of the Indian Culture Club are about more than just getting involved and trying new things. This club is a focal point for all the good qualities of Indian culture on campus.
“It allows me to share my culture with the Montclair State community by hosting events,” Krupa Vekaria, the club's event coordinator, said. “I also enjoy interacting with other organizations and meeting new people, which the club has allowed me to do so. It amazes me how students from all cultural backgrounds come out to our general meetings and events like the Diwali Show in support of the club or just come by to see what we are all about.”
The Indian Culture Club attempts to spread awareness of their culture through fundraisers, organized events and, most importantly, dance.
The dance team captain, Maithili Patel, who is also trained in Indian classical dance outside of school, says the team has gone off campus to perform. This also makes others aware of the Indian culture.
“It's a lot of fun because it's not just me, the captain, choreographing and teaching. I also get interest from the team members,” Maithili Patel said. “So, where they give me ideas to switch up moves, it's a lot of teamwork. I get exposed to a lot of dance styles.”
A variety of Indian dances are practiced by the team during their rehearsals every Tuesday and Thursday from 9 to 10 p.m.
“There are people from different regions of India and each region has different dance forms and different dance moves as well,” she added. “So basically, it's not sticking to one, it's like mixing them together.”
Some of the many different Indian classical dancing moves and routines include Punjab in the northern part of India called Bhangra, Gujarat in the western part of India, which is called Garba, and belly dancing, a Middle Eastern influence in the dance culture.
Dance events are the major component of how the club spreads awareness of their culture. They also go to other schools such as Seton Hall University, Rutgers University and William Paterson University to perform their styles of Indian classical dancing and performances.
President Puja Patel says the club gives members a chance to experience things about Indian culture that you don't come across in everyday life.
“The thing about the Indian Culture Club is that you get to experience something new, something different, especially in a very diverse school, such as food, dances and culture,” Patel said.
Meeting with other organizations is another part of the club that stands out as a favorite feature to Puja Patel and the others, adding that people of other organizations come to their meetings to learn about them and vice versa.
The group does different things every Wednesday at their 2:30 p.m. general meetings, such as learning about freedom fighters and inspirational figures such as Mahatma Gandhi, Kunwar Singh one week and the following week, naming the wonders of India and talking about the different architectural designs in India.
Overall, they try to incorporate their culture into activities every time they meet. This allows everybody to learn something new from other people they encounter, which Puja Patel describes as a “big culture mix.”
Other members of the board include Vice President Karla Vazquez, Treasurer Megha Patel, Secretary Rupa Mitra, public relations Kaide Udit and historian Anjali Agarwal.
Some of the activities the Indian Culture Club takes part in aren't just cultural events, but events where people can join in, and Puja Patel adds that the many things they do are what people can relate to. They also teach differences that exist in the culture.
There are no restrictions within the culture nor the club; the officers of the Indian Culture Club want to be able to share their culture with everyone in the campus community.
“[Our goal] is to show our culture and show what we do here at Montclair [State},” Puja Patel said. “We do the same thing every single day. It's just that people don't know what it is—we try to educate as well.”
For example, in a meeting on Wednesday, March 15, club officers and members made mint-dollars with sheets of paper, glue and glitter.
Puja Patel emphasized the importance of “the interactive activities we do.” She continued, “They learn about it and want to do what we do. This is something in here right now that we are doing, but we get to enjoy doing these things. It's kind of a stress-relief.”
Spreading awareness of their culture doesn't just happen. The club has also traveled to other colleges in past months, sharing some of the good things in Indian culture.
The club also takes part in bake sales on campus, but instead of ordinary bake sales, they sell Indian food.
“Since this is a big commuter school, not many students know the Indian Culture Club exists,” Puja Patel said. “So, we try to do things during common hours, where there are so many people who want to stand there and be like, ‘Wait, there is an Indian Culture Club here serving food,' so they can come out to our next event.”
Donna Sue Sisney, 74, passed away Sunday, May 27, at her home in Morrison, Ok.
Graveside services will be held at 10 a.m. on Wednesday, May 30, at the Odd Fellows Cemetery in Ponca City, Ok.
More details will be posted in next week's Tompkinsville News.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
, but managers claimed the lunch had been thoroughly cooked on the grill.
A Burger King customer filmed the horrifying moment he claims he discovered his burger was crawling with maggots.
Dozens of larvae are seen swarming all over the snack which Edmagno Silva Maguinho says was sold to him on Sunday.
Mr Maguinho, who posted the video online, was out with his wife when they decided to buy two cheese burgers at a branch of the fast food chain in Brazil.
He alleges that it was after the very first bite that he noticed a strange taste, and he felt something moving around in his mouth.
He spat out the mouthful out and claims he made a stomach-churning discovery.
(Image: Supplied)
A chunk of food is filmed lying on the tray as the camera pans across the dinner table.
While the shocked diner holds the revolting food, alive with maggots, his wife says: “I'm going to film the wrapper and brand name to show this has been brought from Burger King.”
The stunned customer anxiously asks his companion if her burger is okay and she replies that her food is fine.
A photo of the receipt with the address of the bar and the date allegedly shows the pair paid 13 reais - about £2.90 - by credit card, for the two cheeseburgers
(Image: Supplied)
The customers lodged a complaint immediately with the Burger King manager but only make a formal complaint to health inspectors at the Health Surveillance Department on Tuesday.
A spokesperson at the Federal District department said: “We received the complaint on the case and conducted an inspection into the restaurant on the same day.”
The store, a franchise run by Emperor Alvim Alimentos de Alimentos, based in the north of the Brazilian capital, was closed for several hours during the investigation.
(Image: Supplied)
It was reopened with the approval of the inspectors after no ‘irregularities' were found.
In a statement the franchisee said: "Health technicians conducted an inspection in the unit and the report certified that the restaurant is suitable for all hygienic-sanitary conditions, and fully complies with health legislation.”
Burger King also issued a statement saying it was aware of the case and that it has launched its own investigation.
(Image: Supplied)
The company added that it ‘requires the highest degree of quality and conformity of its products, which are frequently subjected to international audits.'
The official statement said: “We use a reputable international company, specialising in food safety to regularly visit our establishments, and we did a complete and thorough inspection of this restaurant in our last visit (December 2017).
“We know from our experts that our cooking process prevents the survival of the larvae.
“This is an isolated and atypical case. We are bringing in an international research company to investigate (the franchise) and clarify what happened.”
Wilmington Trust has agreed to a $210 million cash settlement in a shareholder lawsuit alleging the bank fraudulently concealed billions of dollars in bad loans, according to court documents.
Plaintiffs' attorneys filed court papers late last week asking a federal judge to approve the proposed settlement, which calls for Wilmington Trust to pay $200 million and auditing firm KPMG to pay $10 million.
The proposed settlement comes just three weeks after four former executives of Wilmington Trust, the only financial institution to be criminally charged in connection with the federal bank bailout program, were convicted on federal fraud and conspiracy charges.
The criminal case and civil lawsuit both alleged bank officials misled regulators and investors about Wilmington Trust's massive amount of past-due commercial real estate loans before the century-old institution was hastily sold in 2011.
According to court documents, a term sheet outlining the components of the
civil settlement was signed by Wilmington Trust representatives on April 9, one day before prosecutors rested their case in the criminal trial. A settlement stipulation was signed May 15, 12 days after the guilty verdicts.
KPMG reached a settlement agreement on May 21 and executed a stipulation four days later.
While the class-action suit closely paralleled the criminal case, plaintiffs' attorneys said the lawsuit alleged wrongdoing over a longer period of time and encompassed a larger number of issues. It was not dependent on the guilty verdicts, they said.
“The majority of damages allegedly suffered by the class are attributable to the alleged conduct that occurred before the period of time encompassed by the criminal action,” attorneys wrote. “Accordingly, lead plaintiffs and lead counsel could not simply rely on guilty verdicts, even if such verdicts were returned before the settlements were secured.”
At the same time, attorneys noted that developments in the criminal investigation prompted them to amend their civil complaint twice.
“This case is extraordinarily complex and turns on highly technical banking and accounting issues. Having been already litigated for nearly eight years, it would undoubtedly require at least another year of hard-fought litigation (including expert discovery and summary judgment) before trial, to say nothing of the inevitable post-verdict motions and appeals,” attorneys wrote in seeking approval of the settlement.
Plaintiffs' attorneys also noted the proposed settlement represents a recovery of nearly 40 percent of the maximum likely recoverable damages. In contrast, the median recovery of damages against financial institutions over the past decade was 2.4 percent in the Third Circuit and only 2 percent nationwide, they wrote. Attorneys said maximum possible damages for the class were offset by a settlement agreement reached by Wilmington Trust Corp. and prosecutors on the eve of a scheduled criminal trial last year. The agreement includes a civil forfeiture of $44 million that is expected to be distributed among the bank's shareholders.
If the judge agrees to enter a preliminary approval order, notices would be sent to class members and a final settlement hearing would be scheduled.
Meanwhile, the four former executives have asked a judge to overturn their fraud and conspiracy convictions, arguing that the prosecution evidence wasn't strong enough to support the jury's guilty verdicts. The judge has directed defense attorneys to submit written briefs by Friday. Prosecutors will have two weeks to file an answer.
Former Wilmington Trust president Robert Harra Jr., former chief credit officer William North, former chief financial officer David Gibson and former controller Kevyn Rakowski were convicted after a six-week trial on charges of fraud, conspiracy and making false statements to federal regulators.
Defense attorneys initially filed motions for acquittal after prosecutors finished presenting their case, but the judge did not rule on them. They now say that if the judge won't acquit their clients, he should at least grant them a new trial.
Prosecutors alleged that in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis, bank executives misled regulators and investors about Wilmington Trust's massive amount of past-due commercial real estate loans. Founded by members of the DuPont family in 1903, the bank imploded despite receiving $330 million from the federal government's Troubled Asset Relief Program.
© The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Awards season has officially begun. The 2018 Golden Globe nominations were announced this morning at the Beverly Hilton hotel in Los Angeles, presented by Kristen Bell, Garrett Hedlund, Alfre Woodard, and Sharon Stone.
The Golden Globes will take place on January 7, 2018, and will be hosted by Seth Meyers.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Read this year's nominations in full below:
Best Motion Picture: Drama
Call Me By Your Name
Dunkirk
The Post
The Shape of Water
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Motion Picture: Musical or Comedy
The Disaster Artist
Get Out
The Greatest Showman
I, Tonya
Lady Bird
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture: Drama
Timothée Chalamet, Call Me By Your Name
Daniel Day Lewis, Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks, The Post
Gary Oldman, The Darkest Hour
Denzel Washington, Roman J. Israel, Esq.
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture: Drama
Jessica Chastain, Molly's Game
Sally Hawkins, The Shape of Water
Frances McDormand, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Meryl Streep, The Post
Michelle Williams, All the Money in the World
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture: Musical or Comedy
Steve Carell, Battle of the Sexes
Ansel Elgort, Baby Driver
James Franco, The Disaster Artist
Hugh Jackman, The Greatest Showman
Daniel Kaluuya, Get Out
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture: Musical or Comedy
Judi Dench, Victoria and Abdul
Helen Mirren, The Leisure Seeker
Margot Robbie, I, Tonya
Saoirse Ronan, Lady Bird
Emma Stone, Battle of the Sexes
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Willem Dafoe, The Florida Project
Armie Hammer, Call Me By Your Name
Richard Jenkins, The Shape of Water
Christopher Plummer, All the Money In the World
Sam Rockwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Mary J. Blige, Mudbound
Hong Chau, Downsizing
Allison Janney, I, Tonya
Laurie Metcalf, Lady Bird
Octavia Spencer, The Shape of Water
Best Director: Motion Picture
Guillermo del Toro, The Shape of Water
Martin McDonagh, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Christopher Nolan, Dunkirk
Ridley Scott, All The Money in the World
Steven Spielberg, The Post
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Best Screenplay: Motion Picture
The Shape of Water
Lady Bird
The Post
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Molly's Game
Best Original Score: Motion Picture
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The Shape of Water
Phantom Thread
The Post
Dunkirk
Best Motion Picture: Foreign Language
A Fantastic Woman
First They Killed My Father
In The Fade
Loveless
The Square
Best Motion Picture: Animated
The Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Coco
Ferdinand
Loving Vincent
Best Original Song: Motion Picture
"Home," Ferdinand
"Mighty River," Mudbound
"Remember Me," Coco
"The Star," The Star
"This Is Me," The Greatest Showman
Best Television Series: Drama
The Crown
Game of Thrones
The Handmaid's Tale
Stranger Things
This Is Us
Best Television Series: Comedy
Black-ish
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Master of None
SMILF
Will and Grace
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Big Little Lies
Fargo
Feud: Bette and Joan
The Sinner
Top of the Lake: China Girl
Best Performance by an Actor In A Television Series: Drama
Jason Bateman, Ozark
Sterling K. Brown, This Is Us
Freddie Highmore, The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk, Better Call Saul
Liev Schreiber, Ray Donovan
Best Performance by an Actress In A Television Series: Drama
Caitriona Balfe, Outlander
Claire Foy, The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal, The Deuce
Katherine Langford, 13 Reasons Why
Elisabeth Moss, The Handmaid's Tale
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series: Musical or Comedy
Anthony Anderson, Black-ish
Aziz Ansari, Master of None
Kevin Bacon, I Love Dick
William H. Macy, Shameless
Eric McCormick, Will & Grace
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series: Musical or Comedy
Pamela Adlon, Better Things
Alison Brie, Glow
Rachel Brosnahan, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Issa Rae, Insecure
Frankie Shaw, SMILF
Best Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Robert De Niro, Wizard of Lies
Jude Law, The Young Pope
Kyle Maclachlan, Twin Peaks: The Return
Ewan McGregor, Fargo
Geoffrey Rush, Genius
Best Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Jessica Biel, The Sinner
Nicole Kidman, Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange, Feud: Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon, Feud: Bette and Joan
Reese Witherspoon, Big Little Lies
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series, or Motion Picture Made for Television
David Harbour, Stranger Things
Alfred Molina, Feud: Bette and Joan
Christian Slater, Mr. Robot
Alexander Skarsgard, Big Little Lies
David Thewlis, Fargo
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
One day after school in January, 8-year-old Gabriel Taye returned to his Cincinnati home and hanged himself with a necktie, his family's attorney says.
His mother, Cornelia Reynolds, found his body that afternoon in his bedroom. His family sued his school district last week, alleging that he'd been bullied and that the school didn't inform his relatives.
"Gabriel was a shining light to everyone who knew and loved him," his mother said in prepared statement released to the news media. "We miss him desperately and suffer every day."
Suicides among US children under 13 are rare, but perhaps more frequent than you think. And 8 is hardly the youngest.
More than 1,300 dead since 1999
From 1999 through 2015, 1,309 children ages 5 to 12 committed suicide in the United States, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says.
That means one child under 13 died of suicide nearly every five days, on average, over those 17 years.
The frequency was higher from 2013 to 2015 -- once every 3.4 days -- thanks mostly to a 54% spike in the suicides of 11- and 12-year-olds compared to the three years prior. That jibes with the CDC's announcement of a recent rise in suicide rates in ages 10-14.
Still, some perspective: Suicides before the teen years are infrequent compared to other groups.
There were 0.31 suicides per 100,000 children ages 5-12 during those 17 years. Compare that to 7.04 suicides per 100,000 people ages 13-18, or 17.39 per 100,000 for ages 18 to 65.
Child suicide rates rise with age. But, yes, the CDC has recorded suicides of 5-, 6- and 7-year-olds. From 1999 to 2015 (the most recent year for data), those numbers were two, four and eight, respectively.
Why does it happen?
Suicides for elementary school-age children have been little examined, but a study published last year in the journal Pediatrics saw some differences in factors from suicides in older children.
That study examined suicides in 17 states from 2003 to 2012, and broke down the factors among ages 5-11 and 12-14.
Relationship problems -- such as arguments or other issues with friends and relatives -- were the most common factor for both groups. Given their ages, the problems, naturally, were more likely to involve boyfriend/girlfriend issues in the older group.
Documented mental health problems were equally prevalent in both groups (about 33%). But differences in the types of mental issues were intriguing.
Attention-deficit disorder was more common in the 5-11 group, whereas the 12-14 set was more likely to have had been diagnosed with depression, lead study author Arielle Sheftall said.
That might mean the younger kids are more susceptible to responding impulsively to problems, said Sheftall, a research scientist at the Center for Suicide Prevention and Research at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Ohio.
"I think having (the) information that we are seeing ADD/ADHD in kids (5-11) dying by suicide may help us to intervene differently in that age group," Sheftall said.
Most are boys
By far, most children under 13 who commit suicide are boys: 76% of those who died in 1999-2015 were male.
That dovetails with research showing most of those committing suicide across all ages are male. That same research, however, shows females attempt suicide more frequently.
But Sheftall said it's not yet clear how many boys and girls ages 5-12 attempt suicide.
Separate research presented in May showed the number of children ages 5-17 who were hospitalized for suicidal thoughts or actions in the US doubled over nearly a decade.
A growing racial divide?
Sheftall's team found something else: 36.8% of the 5-11 set who committed suicide were black -- nearly double the rate reported in the same demographic group between 1993 and 2002.
The researchers were keen to see whether there were differences in precipitating circumstances among races, citing previous research showing that "black youth may experience disproportionate exposure to violence or traumatic stressors," and are "less likely to receive services for depression, suicidal ideation and other mental health problems."
But "when potential racial disparities in precipitating circumstances ... were examined in the current study, few differences were found," the authors wrote.
Experts: More research is needed
Sheftall said more research is needed, both to understand the increase in suicide rate in black children, and to determine whether and how suicide prevention efforts should be tailored to preteens.
Pre-13 suicides have been understudied, Sheftall said, largely because it's hard to imagine children this young want to kill themselves.
"That's why we're making an effort to say, 'Yes, this is occurring. Now, what can we do to help?' "
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
WATERBURY, Conn. (WTNH) — Waterbury's Police Activity league, or PAL, is getting a grant Wednesday, February 15.
The name of the grant is the ‘Community Connections Grant Award.'
The award is for all the work they have done for the community.
Officers say since PAL came into the area crime has plummeted.
This may have something to do with the fact that their recreation center alone offers 30 plus activities for kids in the area.
It stands where rows of blighted buildings and a motorcycle gang clubhouse use to be.
Information for growers and insurance providers.
CropPro/GuideOne Cancellations:
On May 10, 2018, the Nebraska Department of Insurance (Department) became aware of a pending cancellation of a large number of crop hail named peril (crop hail) policies issued to
Nebraska growers by CropPro, a managing general agent of GuideOne Mutual Insurance Company. The reason given for the possible cancellation was the failure of CropPro to secure
reinsurance. On May 11, CropPro began to issue notices of cancellation on many, but not all, crop hail policies issued in Nebraska. This cancellation notice did not apply to federally
reinsured multi-peril crop insurance (MPCI) that was sold in conjunction with the private crop hail policies. Since the issuance of the cancellation notices, the Department became aware of two pieces of misinformation provided to growers and insurance producers:
 First, emails from CropPro to insurance producers indicate that the Nebraska Department of
Insurance required CropPro to cancel policies. This statement is false. The decision to cancel
the policies were a decision made by CropPro.
 Second, emails from CropPro to insurance producers indicate grower losses will not be paid. This statement is false. GuideOne, as the insurer who issued the policy, will be responsible for any covered losses, subject to the provisions of the policy, that occur while the
policy is in force. This includes policies that were not cancelled or replaced, as well as covered losses occurring while cancelled policies were still in force (between the policy's effective date
and the effective date of the cancellation).
RMA Bulletin
On Friday, May 28, 2018, the United States Department of Agriculture Risk Management Agency (RMA),
issued a bulletin in response to the market disruption caused by CropOne's decision to cancel a large
number of crop hail policies in Nebraska. The bulletin allows growers to transfer their MPCI coverage
back to the approved insurance provider who insured the MPCI policy in 2017. The window for transfers
is 15 business days from May 28. The bulletin can be found on the RMA's website at
https://www.rma.usda.gov/bulletins/managers/2018/mgr-18-005.pdf.
Talk with your Insurance Agent Each individual grower is unique and this situation involving misinformation, cancellations, and
transfers is unusual and confusing. Nebraska growers affected by CropPro are encouraged to reach out and contact their insurance producers (agents) to determine their insurance needs and options for the 2018 growing season.
Making Music Together
The Westport-based husband-wife concert pianists Cathy Waldman and Paul Levi, who call themselves the Four Hand Band, performed today at a Gorham Avenue private reception. The classical and contemporary repertoire included creative renditions of Brahms, Bach, Prokofiev and Gershwin. In addition to concert performances the two, Juilliard graduates, are active in Westport community arts, including Waldman's piano tutoring. Levi is a musical director of Greens Farms Academy's November production of “Guys and Dolls.” (CLICK TO ENLARGE) Dave Matlow for WestportNow.com
Pathogens On A Plane: How To Stay Healthy In Flight
Enlarge this image toggle caption Benjamin Arthur for NPR Benjamin Arthur for NPR
If you want to cut your risk of catching the flu on your next flight, pick a window seat and stay put.
That's a key take-home message of a study published Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"I have always chosen window seats," says Vicki Hertzberg, a biostatistician at Emory University, who co-led the research. "But after this study, I have stopped moving around as much on flights."
People in window seats come into contact with fewer passengers, Hertzberg and her team found, because they leave their seats less often than those sitting near the aisle. And they are farther away from the action in the aisle, with its potentially coughing and otherwise germy passers-by.
"So the window seats are a little less risky than the aisle seats," Hertzberg says.
The finding comes from an effort to model how pathogens spread through the air in planes. To do that, Hertzberg and her colleagues created what she calls "Fantasy Flights."
"We were working on the study while it was Fantasy Football time," she says. "So we started to call it that."
It's an appropriate name because in essence, the Fantasy Flights work in a similar way to a game of Fantasy Football: Hertzberg and her team created simulations of people moving around the cabin during a 3-to-5 hour transcontinental flight.
"Then in the simulations, we could make a passenger sick — like the passenger in seat 14C — and see what's the probability of somebody coming into contact with the sick person," Hertzberg says.
Overall, passengers had the greatest chance of catching the bug when they sat right next to the sick passenger or in the row in front of or behind the sick person.
"There was a perimeter around the person with increased risk," Hertzberg says. "Everywhere else, the risk of getting sick was was minimal."
Hertzberg and her team created the computer simulations by documenting how people moved around the cabins on ten transcontinental flights, from Atlanta to the West Coast.
Their findings are consistent with previous studies looking at how real viruses and bacterial pathogens spread on planes. In general, sitting near a sick person puts you at the highest risk. But the size of the "transmission zone" depends on the specific pathogen and how it transmits.
For instance, there's a chance you could catch tuberculosis when you sit within two rows of someone infected with TB and the flight is longer than eight hours.
And for SARS, that transmission zone likely extends to at least three rows around the sick passenger — or perhaps up to seven rows.
Of course, pathogens don't just spread through the air. They can also land on surfaces — like the armrest or head rest — and survive there for hours, even days.
"When you look at most infectious diseases, the overwhelming majority are transmitted when you touch a contaminated surface," says Dr. Mark Gendreau, who specializes in aviation medicine at Lahey Medical Center in Peabody, Mass. "You grab the door knob of the airplane bathroom, and then touch your eyes, nose or mouth."
"But we're not all doomed to get sick after a plane flight," Gendreau adds. "You can change behaviors when you're traveling and substantially reduce the risk of catching anything."
First off, keep your hands microbe-free. "I recommend bringing aboard a sanitizing gel with 60 percent alcohol," he says. "Before you eat or drink, sanitize your hands."
And don't forget to use the sanitizer after you wash your hands in the bathroom's sink, Gendreau recommends. The water in airplanes has a dirty track record.
In 2004, the Environmental Protection Agency found high levels of fecal bacteria in the drinking water of 15 of the 327 planes it tested. Then in 2009, the agency set forth new guidelines for airlines to test their water. Now the EPA says that water on the airplane is safe to drink if you don't have a suppressed immune system.
But Gendreau still wouldn't risk it. He wouldn't even brush his teeth with the water in an airplane bathroom. "I use bottled water," he says.
And if a person is coughing right next to you and the plane isn't jam-packed, maybe just ask for another seat.
Tyra Banks has long played the role of wise teacher-on America's Next Top Model and now as a "boardroom adviser" on NBC's The New Celebrity Apprentice. But mentorship is also at the core of her businesses. And she's just as eager to be a mentee.
Related: 12 Successful Entrepreneurs Share the Best Advice They Ever Got
When it comes to finding mentors, I hear you're a big fan of the cold call.
Yeah, I have no shame in it. I may have fear in my belly, but I just push past those nerves. Years ago, I read Delivering Happiness, by [Zappos CEO] Tony Hsieh. I was struck by how he saw company culture, and I knew I wanted to build a business like that one day. So I picked up the phone and dialed his number. He didn't believe it was me! Over time we developed a friendship, then a mentorship. I've learned so much from Tony. Especially the HR nuts and bolts.
Richard Branson is also a mentor of yours. How did you meet him?
I dressed as him for Halloween! My makeup artist transformed me without any prosthetics. I put pictures out on social media, and then I got a wonderful call from Richard. He said I was the most beautiful he'd ever looked. From there, my team connected with his, and he later invited me to do a Google Hangout with him. He wanted to talk about failure -- my failures, his failures. I decided then to just put him on the spot and ask him to mentor me. I was nervous, but I figured, I like everything this man stands for. I can learn a lot from him. Let me just go for it. So I asked him to mentor me, in front of thousands of people. He kind of hemmed and hawed, “Ah, I have a wonderful team of people, Tyra. They can totally be there for you!” And I was like, “That team meaning you, right?” I just kept pushing him. I also pay it forward by mentoring people myself.
Related: 5 Kinds of People Who Will Help You Succeed as an Entrepreneur
What is your mentoring style?
I'm constantly teaching and enriching my team because I want them to learn and grow and move up in the company. Either that, or I want them to move out but always have a positive outlook on what they learned during their time with me. You know, something one of my Harvard professors said was “Feedback on the run is better than none.” I used to feel like you had to have this, like, formal meeting in order to give or receive feedback. But sometimes you just don't have time. Especially if you're a startup, or you're busy, or you're going through a raise, or a sale, or mergers and acquisitions, or just drama, whatever it is. If you're running to the bathroom and they're in the hallway, there is nothing wrong with giving them 30 seconds of feedback. Just make sure it has a positive spin so it doesn't sound crazy.
What is a question entrepreneurs don't ask their mentors enough?
To be hard as hell on me. To hurt my feelings. To be so blunt that I might cry myself to sleep at night. But then I get up the next morning and I'm ready to attack my problem.
Related: Crowdfunding Platform Offers Entrepreneurs Access to Money and Mentorship
You've said that your mom, Carolyn London-Johnson, whom you have worked with, is one of your greatest mentors. Were you ever nervous to mix family with business?
No, not at all. My mom was a life raft for me. I was going through so many difficulties in the modeling industry, I begged her to quit her job [as a photographer] and work with me. At the same time, we had tons of conflict because we were still mother and daughter. She would get angry at me when I wouldn't pick up the phone, call my modeling agency and tell them that I was dissatisfied; I wanted her to do it. Or we'd argue because she'd say, “OK, I'll call for you,” the phone would start ringing, then she'd throw the phone at me and run out of the room. As an 18-year-old, I thought she was scared to talk to them. Now at 43, I know she was pushing me out of the nest and making me strong enough to stand up for myself. So a lot of our arguments were about her empowering me.
In May, you're guest lecturing to a select group of M.B.A. students at Stanford University on creating and protecting a personal brand. Do the same strategies applyto building a personal brand as a business brand?
There are some similarities and some differences. A business can crash and burn and you can start a new one, but if your personal brand crashes, there may be nothing you can do. You can't lose yourself. You can't lose your body. It's not as easy as losing a business and starting again. That's what we're going to be talking about on my first day of class -- the positives and negatives of intertwining a business brand with a personal brand.
Related: Dominate Your Industry: How to Become the Best in Your Field
You've admitted to being a “bad delegator” in the first seven seasons of America's Next Top Model. How did you ultimately identify that as a weakness and how did you fix it?
I was burned out and exhausted and eventually realized that I had to rely on people who knew what they were doing. It took me a long time to figure that out. I am not a leader who is just an overseer; I feel extremely connected to things. It's not hands-on, it's body-on. But I've learned to focus on my core competencies, hire people who are better at some things than I am and trust those people. That said, when I am adamant about something, those people should respect that and get behind it. When I hire a team, I want to be wrong 70 percent of the time. I want to be in a meeting and say something and they either say something better or make it better. Seventy percent of the time I say, “Yeah, let's go with that!” But 30 percent of the time I say, “No, let's not go with that; I need you guys to get behind this.” That 70-30 rule has a lot to do with delegation and trust.
You've talked a lot about the importance of pivoting. Looking back at your various ventures, was there ever a time that you wish you had stuck something out?
I can't think of ones I left that I wish I'd continued, but I almost walked away from Top Model about 10 years ago. My attorney sat me down and said, “What are you doing? You created this global phenomenon and you're just going to walk away? Have you lost your mind?” He did an intervention and stopped what would have been one of the biggest mistakes of my life.
Why did you want to leave?
I had started a talk show, and I felt like I was going out of my mind with stress.
Related: Why Would a Successful Entrepreneur Hire a Coach?
With Tyra Beauty, you've said it was important to you to create a brand that wasn't a licensing deal but a true self-funded startup. Why did you choose a multilevelmarketing model?
We call it “social selling,” and I chose it for a number of reasons. For many years, I've been telling people, particularly women, to be their own boss. Be the CEO of your life. Take control! Have self-esteem, have self-worth, all of these things. When I first decided to start a cosmetics company, I was just going to put product on a shelf. Then one of my mentors explained to me about social selling and how close it was to my messaging of empowerment. I also thought about my mother and her struggles. She was unhappily married to my dad, but she stayed because her self-esteem was low and she didn't have any financial outlets. I'm on tour now for Tyra Beauty. I've gone to Denver, Phoenix, Houston, Portland. I'm spending time with my “beautytainers” [members of Tyra Beauty's sales team] and their families. You hear so many stories. One of my beautytainers had never seen the ocean, and this allowed her to put her feet in the sand for the first time. For most of them, Tyra Beauty is a side hustle. Extra side money means you can have a more interesting weekend. Or instead of a Honda Civic, you have a Honda Accord. By no means am I saying, “Get rich quick!” That's not what it's about. Tyra Beauty is not so much life-changing as it is a life enhancement.
Any tips for handling press exposure as a business leader?
Think about what you're going to say before you say it. Your mic is always hot.
Related: Lonely Entrepreneur? How to Build a Support System
If you could start one business not tied to fashion or beauty, what would it be?
I'm obsessed with hospitality. Obsessed! Hotels, experiences -- that will be my next side hustle. I met a friend at Harvard who got his undergraduate degree in hospitality from Cornell. We really want to open up a very experiential type of hotel, something out of the ordinary. Because, you know, that's what I like to do -- things that are kind of different.
The eyes have it
The simple way to impress Tyra Banks (or anyone else in a rush).
Eyes are big with Tyra. Any Next Top Model fan can recite her “smize” tip (smile with the eyes!). But her focus goes far beyond making good photos. “If someone is asking me for modeling advice, startup advice, business advice, entertainment advice,” she says, “and I answer them but I see their eyes glaze over because I'm not giving them the answer they wanted, I know not to invest any more time in that person. When you see them go, ‘Uh-huh, yeah, oh, uh-huh,' I'm like, Uh, OK! Moving on.”
This isn't just a Tyra thing. This is an established body language thing. The eyes can convey many messages, and quickly impress (or turn off) a future mentor or partner. There's a formula to it: “Maintaining eye contact for roughly 60 percent of a conversation comes across as interested, friendly and trustworthy,” explains Travis Bradberry, president of TalentSmart, which provides emotional intelligence tests and training for businesses, and coauthor of the best-selling book Emotional Intelligence 2.0. Too much eye contact can be perceived as “aggressive and creepy,” he says, while too little can signal boredom or embarrassment. And be mindful of the rest of your face, he says: Fake smiles are obvious (because real ones crinkle), furrowed brows denote stress or discomfort, and unblinking stares might signal that you're lying -- or just scare people off. So get rid of the sunglasses! And practice your smize.
Stack these Jets at home against Vancouver. This line has produced 17 goals this season, tied for 5th in the NHL.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A family of ducklings had a narrow escape after being flipped over by rowers at the May Bumps.
Six ducklings and their mum had a close shave when a boat loaded with rowers made their way to the start of the third race of the day on the river next to The Plough Pub in Fen Ditton.
The crowd looked on in horror as the Mallard ducklings were whipped by the flurry of oars - but fortunately escaped unscathed.
News photographer Keith Jones caught the action on camera.
He said: "The Mallard and her six ducklings were swimming about on the river, and as the first crews went to the start of the first race she safely took them out of harms way.
"She was equally protective as crews headed for the start of the second race.
"But as the boats taking part in the third race of the day were heading to the start line, she decided to cross to the other bank.
"All six ducklings had a very close shave when a couple of blades went right over their heads.
"When the next crew went up, a couple of them weren't so lucky - two took a full on hit and ended up flying through the air, not using their wings but propelled by a blade.
The curious case of the peacock and Cambridge continues as he's spotted again
"After a few seconds when they were lost from view, the two little ducklings miraculously made it safely back to their mother's side.
"The crews that hit the ducks hadn't seen them, as they were right in the middle of the river. But after the second collision, a female cox from a boat behind was heard to warn her crew about the ducklings and told them to ease down.
"After they had coasted past the family, they continued at normal speed up to the start of the race."
Concerns have been raised about the safety of birds on the river during the annual event.
Last year police were called after Cambridge University students killed five ducklings and a cygnet during their college races - just a day after decapitating another duckling.
The historic event involves racing boats attempting to hit, or 'bump' each other while on the river, so unsurprisingly, it can get a bit rough.
The races started yesterday (Wednesday, June 14) and ends on Sunday (June 17).
New Delhi: The Delhi high court on Monday refused to interfere with the single judge's interim order staying the Aam Aadmi Party government's latest nursery admission norms based on the neighbourhood criterion.
Expressing concern that the nursery admission process has already commenced, a bench of chief justice G. Rohini and justice Sangita Dhingra Sehgal said if the process was stalled, it would lead to an “irreversible” situation.
“Since the issue relates to admission of children in entry-level classes, if the notification (neighbourhood as the sole criterion for deciding the admission) is allowed to be acted upon, it would lead to irreversible situation and in case the notification is ultimately quashed, the consequences would be very complex and serious,” the Delhi HC bench said. “Hence, we do not find any justifiable reason to interfere with the order under appeal.”
The division bench was hearing an appeal filed by the AAP government against a single judge's 14 February interim order who had stayed the Delhi government's new 2017-2018 nursery admission norm, observing that “a student's educational fate can't be relegated to only his/her position on a map”.
Upholding the decision, the bench had asked a single judge to dispose of the main writ petitions as expeditiously as possible. “We also make it clear that the observations/findings in our order as well as the order under appeal being prima facie in nature shall not come in the way of deciding the main writ petitions,” it added.
The single judge had on 14 February ordered an interim stay on a 7 January notification in the matter till the final disposal of the pleas challenging the Delhi government's order.
In two directives on 19 December 2016 and 7 January, the Delhi government had made it compulsory for the 298 private schools built on the Delhi Development Authority land to admit children for nursery who live in that neighbourhood or stay within a certain distance from the school.
Maintaining that the order passed by the single judge was “totally wrong”, “erroneous” and “against the law”, the AAP government had urged the division bench to stay the operation of the order.
Once Its AIM Was True, But Soon AOL's Instant Messenger Will Be No More
toggle caption Oath Inc.
In a few months, AOL Instant Messenger will go the way of such tech touchstones as AltaVista and Netscape. It was 20 years ago that "AIM" went online. It quickly exploded in popularity, peaked and then slowly succumbed to competitors.
For many of us, AIM conjures up memories of dial-up modems, the sound of a "handshake" and the phrase "You've Got Mail."
"AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed," says Michael Albers, vice president of communications product at Oath Inc., a subsidiary of Verizon Communications that brought AOL and Yahoo together into a single unit earlier this year.
On Twitter, a social media platform that in no small way contributed to AIM's demise, people seemed a bit nostalgic but not terribly surprised.
"You likely remember the CD, your first screenname, your carefully curated away messages, and how you organized your buddy lists," Albers says. "In the late 1990's, the world had never seen anything like it. And it captivated all of us."
In fact, by 2001, AIM had captivated about 100 million of us worldwide, but as Techcrunch.com writes:
"It battled for supremacy with competitors like ICQ, and messengers from Yahoo and Microsoft MSN. But eventually text messaging, Google's GChat and Facebook took over, while AIM never fully figured out the shift to mobile. That led to AOL's fall from grace, going from being valued at $224 billion in today's money to just $4.4 billion when it was sold to Verizon in 2015. For context on the business AOL let slip away, WhatsApp sold that same year to Facebook for more than $19 billion."
"We know there are so many loyal fans who have used AIM for decades; and we loved working and building the first chat app of its kind since 1997," AOL writes on the AIM help page. "Our focus will always be on providing the kind of innovative experiences consumers want. We're more excited than ever to focus on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products."
If you still have an AIM account, you can keep using it until December 15. After that, you will no longer be able to sign on.
Tauranga (New Zealand): The elated youngsters of the India U-19 cannot keep calm. And why should they? They have achieved a huge feat, have created a record by winning the Under 19 cricket World Cup for the fourth time, beating Australia by eight wickets to lift the trophy at Bay Oval in Mount Maunganui, New Zealand.
Head coach Rahul Dravid deserves all the applause and appreciation for mentoring the team, but the man of the hour thinks otherwise. Embarrassed by all the attention that is coming his way, he said: "I am really proud of the boys and the effort they put in. I don't want to mention names, but everyone in the support staff has put in a great effort."
And as expected, Twitter can't keep calm and is showering all the love for Dravid and the team.
Safest hands of Dravid, tweets Virender Sehwag and we can't agree more!
These boys in such safe hands. Safest hands of Rahul Dravid. Great great contribution for the future of these youngsters and Indian Cricket. We have some great upcoming talent #INDvAUS — Virender Sehwag (@virendersehwag) February 3, 2018
What a moment for these boys. Feel so so happy for them and am reminded of our triumph 18 years ago. Great effort by Rahul Dravid and these guys have a great future. #under19worldcup pic.twitter.com/Cu2Mrm2FJ4 — Mohammad Kaif (@MohammadKaif) February 3, 2018
For he deserves it the most!
Finally a World Cup for Rahul Dravid!
No one deserves it more than him!#U19CWC — Mohandas Menon (@mohanstatsman) February 3, 2018
The World Cup always deserved Rahul Dravid! And it has finally happened! _____ #U19CWCFinal pic.twitter.com/d0xzC8Czf0 — Manya (@CSKian716) February 3, 2018
Rahul Dravid holding the world cup is a very very satisfying sight. — Anmol swamy (@AnmolSwamy94) February 3, 2018
Many are also gushing over the comments that Dravid gave after the win where he
For some, this will be the biggest moment in their lives. But as Rahul Dravid said, they must look upon this as a stepping stone. #ICCU19CWC — Harsha Bhogle (@bhogleharsha) February 3, 2018
Rahul Dravid cracks me up. Speaks during interview about how embarrassed he is sometimes as coach of India U-19 because too much attention is put on him because of his stature rather than the players and support staff. Class act. World cricket needs more of him. — Peter Della Penna (@PeterDellaPenna) February 3, 2018
After a win : Rahul Dravid : It's embarrassing that I get a lot of credit & attention around whole team's success. There are a lot of members in the support staff who have been equally valuable & wonderful bench of players. Ravi Shastri : Where are the experts now?#Difference — Abhishek __ #408 (@ImAbhishek7_) February 3, 2018
And remember the moment when Dravid is on air while the young boys are cheering on? We only wonder what will be the scenes in the dressing room today.
This is Cute Rahul Dravid trying to give interview to TV and U19 boys shouting behind him but Dravid still serious about what he does... __ — Broken Cricket (@BrokenCricket) February 3, 2018
Congrats to the U19 Boys in Blue __ for winning the #CWCU19__ Loved the celebration _ Rahul Dravid take a bow. #INDvAUS #kalra #undefeated — Preity zinta (@realpreityzinta) February 3, 2018
For me the scene of the day is the entire bunch jumping behind Rahul Dravid while he is on air!! That's some amount of space and freedom of expression in the young team! Kudos to Rahul for that. — Anirudh Chaudhry (@AnirudhChaudhry) February 3, 2018
A class apart, indeed!
Every time this man takes charge of something, the job done is a class apart! Thank You, Rahul Dravid! ____ #WhistlePodu pic.twitter.com/JHIHwUgPw5 — Chennai Super Kings (@ChennaiIPL) February 3, 2018
While the team celebrates, coach Dravid has a word for the youngsters: "I am really proud of the boys and the effort they put in. Proud of the effort they put in and couldn't be happier for them. Hopefully, it's a memory they cherish for a long, long time, but hopefully not the lasting memory and they have many more great moments and bigger things in future."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England are stepping into the unknown world of day/night Test cricket on Thursday with their opening bowler having never used a pink ball in a competitive match before.
Stuart Broad missed out the pink round of championship matches this summer, and he has never played in the Champion County match in the UAE that has been a pink ball fixture for several years.
And thanks to the grim weather during the county matches during the summer, other players got very little match practice for the game in Birmingham.
“I'm stepping into the unknown completely,” said Broad. “I've bowled one ball with the pink ball - I got it relatively straight!
“I just don't know what to to expect. The pink ball county round, the guys said the ball went quite soft quite quickly.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“I need to think about fuel, and if it is colder in the evening there might be leggings on to try to avoid injury like Usain Bolt doing his hamstring.
“This is a big series for us and this is the first Test of the series - it's quite nerve racking. You're playing something that is completely unknown to you but you still have to stamp your authority on the series.”
Stumper Jonny Bairstow is going to have his work cut out picking up the different coloured ball as it is thrown in to him, but he's up for the challenge.
“That's part and parcel of it,” said Bairstow. “You have to pick up ball out of multi-coloured background wherever you are on field. It will be fascinating to see how the ball behaves.”
Two homes caught fire in Massapequa on Monday afternoon, according to Nassau County Fire Communications. The fire broke out on Biltmore Boulevard around 2:30 p.m., Nassau County police said.
The cause of the fire is under investigation. It was not immediately clear whether the fires had been put out, or if anyone was injured.
Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Forget your Gucci and your Chanel, to get the celeb look this week, you only need to hit your local high street stores.
Our favourite stars have been saving their precious pennies and budgeting themselves, dressing up in clothes that we can all afford - result.
So whether you fancy dressing like a supermodel this weekend, or perhaps like one of our TV presenter regulars instead, take a look at the high street must-haves they just can't resist...
Jourdan Dunn in Missguided
(Image: Splash)
The British supermodel stepped out at Paris Fashion Week in a black Missguided puffa coat, with a white crop top, denim skirt and white ankle boots.
Susanna Reid in Littlewoods
The Good Morning Britain presenter wore a floral tea dress from Myleene Klass' range for Littlewoods with white court shoes on Wednesday's show.
Emma Bunton in V by Very
The former Spice Girl shared this photo of her on her Instagram during filming, wearing a fluted sleeve Very dress with tights and suede shoes.
Gigi Hadid in H&M
(Image: WireImage)
The model looked effortlessly chic during Paris Fashion Week, wearing a grey hoodie with her H&M check trousers and slip-on flats.
Holly Willoughby in V by Very
(Image: hollywilloughby/Instagram)
Holly tickled us pink on Wednesday's This Morning in a gorgeous faux fur coat from Very with a Massimo Dutti jumper and a River Island skirt .
Arkady Babchenko, a fiercely anti-Kremlin journalist who had been reported shot and killed in Kiev, showed up alive Wednesday at a news conference to explain that police faked his death to catch the man who ordered a hit on him.
To the applause and gasps of the press, Babchenko took the floor at the news conference in the Ukrainian capital and apologized to the friends and family — including his wife — who mourned for him and were unaware of the plan.
His wife, who was unaware of the plot, found him outside their apartment entrance Tuesday evening "bleeding" from what she thought were gunshot wounds to his back. As part of the ruse, police claimed he died in an ambulance en route to the hospital.
“I want to say sorry for what you felt. I had to bury my friends and colleagues many times,” Babchenko told reporters at the televised briefing at the offices of the Ukrainian Security Service, the Kyiv Post reports.
According to the Ukrainian Security Service, Russian special services allegedly ordered Babchenko killed and paid an unnamed Ukrainian citizen $40,000 to organize the killing. The Ukrainian Security Service said he, in turn, paid a potential gunman $30,000 to carry out the hit, the newspaper says.
But when the security service learned of the plot, they recruited the gunman to work for them as a double agent to fake the shooting and arrest the organizer, who has been apprehended.
The security service said, according to the Post, that Babchenko's death was intended to be the first of some 30 planned killings of Russian citizens in Ukraine allegedly ordered by Russian special services.
Vasily Gritsak, head of the security service, explained the elaborate scheme, which had been in the works for a month, to reporters at the news conference where Babchenko appeared.
On Facebook, Ukrainian prime minister Petro Poroshenko congratulated the security services for the "brilliant operation," but said the threat continues.
"Moscow is hardly likely to settle down," he said. "I have ordered that Arkady and his family be provided with 24-hour security."
On Tuesday, Kiev and national police had said Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, had been shot three times in the back outside his apartment building and was found bleeding to death by his wife.
National Police spokesman Yaroslav Trakalo had told reporters that the purported killer had been waiting for Babchenko in the stairwell. A police composite portrait even described the "killer" as a tall man with a grey beard, in his 40s. He was wearing a denim hat, jacket and jeans, according to the Kyiv Post.
Babchenko, 41, served in the Russian army during the two wars in Chechnya in the 1990s, and hosts a news program on Ukraine's ATR channel. Babchenko has assailed Moscow's annexation of Crimea, its support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine and the Russian campaign in Syria.
Reporters, police and neighbors gather at the entrance of the building where journalist Arkady Babchenko was shot dead in his apartment on May 29, 2018.
Sergei Supinsky, AFP/Getty Images
Some of his articles and posts outraged many Russians. In one, he said he felt no regret about the deaths of Russian army choir members and others from a December 2016 plane crash as they were heading to perform before Russian troops in Syria. Several Russian lawmakers even called for stripping Babchenko of his citizenship over the comment.
In the wake of the purported death, Ukraine Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said on Facebook he was convinced that "the Russian totalitarian machine didn't forgive his honesty and integrity. A real friend of Ukraine who told the truth about Russian aggression.”
Mikhail Fedotov, head of the Kremlin human rights council and head of the Russian Union of Journalists, said Babchenko had his "own special vision of the world, with his very critical view of Russian politics. That's why his murder is openly provocative.”
In New York, the Committee to Protect Journalists said on Twitter that "Ukrainian authorities should conduct a swift and thorough investigation" into Babchenko's murder.
The Russian Foreign Ministry also weighed in, saying “bloody crimes and total impunity have become routine for the Kiev regime" and demanded a prompt investigation.
Vyacheslav Volodin, speaker of the State Duma, told Russian news agencies Wednesday that Russia would be happy to help with the investigation if Ukrainian authorities requested it.
Anton Gerashchenko, a Ukrainian lawmaker who serves as an adviser to the interior minister, said on Facebook that investigators would be looking at "Russian spy agencies' efforts to get rid of those who are trying to tell the truth about what is going on in Russia and Ukraine."
In 2016, Ukranian-Belarussian journalist Pavel Sheremet, who had also left Russia, was killed by car bomb in central Kiev as he was driving to work, according to the Kyiv Post.
Contributing: Associated Press
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
THE ODEBRECHT construction company has been hit with an order to pay $2.6 billion in fines after admitting that it bribed officials around the world, including Panama , to gain contracts.
The amount of the fine ordered by a US judge is close to the e size of the contracts handed to Odebrecht by three successive Panama administrations, Torrijos, Martinelli and Varela.
Investigations are underway into many former high rollers, alleged to have pocketed Odebrecht “coima, ” with Interpol red alerts in place for several, including the two sons of ex-president Ricardo Martinelli.
Odebrecht, the largest construction company in Latin America, pleaded guilty in the United States Dec. 21, admitting that it had engaged in a “massive” scheme of bribes and fraudulent tenders dating back to at least 2001. and admitted to making secret payments of about $788 million to foreign government officials, their representatives and political parties in several countries, including Panama.
Odebrecht is expected to pay $2.39 billion to Brazil, $93 million to the United States and $116 million to Switzerland.
US District Judge Raymond Dearie said he agreed with prosecutors that although Odebrecht had agreed in December to pay a fine of $4.5 billion, it is only able to pay $2.6 billion.
Highest fine
Even so, it is the highest fine imposed in the world in a bribery case. William Burck, Odebrecht's lawyer, declined to comment.
In addition to the fines, the company agreed to have a monitor for three years to ensure compliance.
A subsidiary of Odebrecht, the petrochemical company Braskem, also pleaded guilty in December. Braskem was fined $632 million in January.
The two companies were accused of bribing officials of Petrobras to obtain contracts.
The cases mark the first resolution in the United States of charges related to the Lava Jato investigation which has fingered Panama banks as conduits for bribes.
US prosecutors said that in 2006, Odebrecht had a “Structured Operations Division,” which
reported to the company's highest levels and operated as an “independent bribe department.”
The section made illicit payments using a complex network of fictitious offshore companies to conceal transactions, according to the United States.
51 firings
The company had “inadequate anti corruption controls” and failed to implement corrective measures, the United States said.
Odebrecht fired 51 employees who participated in the scheme.
The company also created the position of chief compliance officer and increased the number of employees who oversee compliance measures.
The Lava Jato investigation, which initially focused on illegal payments made to Petrobras executives, spread to other industries in Brazil, involving construction companies, banks, and shipping companies.
Indore: Minister of State for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha today claimed that air travel in the country was now cheaper than travel by auto-rickshaws on per kilometre basis.
He was speaking at the 27th International Management Conference of the Indore Management Association (IMA).
"In today's India, the fares of aeroplanes are lower than that of autorickshaws. Some people will say that I'm talking nonsense, but this is true," Sinha said.
Explaining the mathematics behind his claim, Sinha said, "These days, passengers spend only Rs five per kilometre on air travel from Indore to Delhi. But if you take an autorickshaw in this city, then you need to spend a relatively higher price of Rs eight to ten per kilometre."
The minister claimed that more people were opting for air travel because the country had the cheapest fares in the world and added that Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had remarked that a man wearing slippers is also now flying.
Sinha said that four years ago the number of people travelling by air was 11 crore and was likely to reach 20 crore by the end of the current fiscal. He added that the government wanted to increase the number of people using air travel by five times to 100 crore in the coming years.
He said the country needed to promote innovation in entrepreneurship to provide affordable services to the common man and also to help it overtake large economies such as the United States and China.
He also took a dig at those who criticised the recent statement of Prime Minister Narendra Modi who in a television interview claimed that people earning Rs 200 a day selling 'pakodas' can be considered employed.
"Media has been talking about 'pakoda economics' these days. But what's wrong in this if we extend help in the entrepreneurship of some 'pakodawala' at Hazaribagh so that, one day, he could start a fast food chain like McDonald's," he asked.
Calling for the use of electric vehicles in the country, Sinha said if entrepreneurs took the lead, then the country would have passenger drones, helicopter taxis and air- rickshaws powered by electricity, leading to freedom from traffic jams.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The lead-up to Christmas can be just as exciting as the big day itself from festive treats to parties - not to mention it offers ample opportunities to spend some quality family time together.
There are plenty of ice rinks to check out , Christmas markets across the UK to explore, and hilarious pantomimes and shows to watch , not to mention the host of festive events and winter festivals on offer.
From a magical trip to Santa's Grotto to enchanting Christmas trails, we've rounded up the best family days out across the UK you won't want to miss this festive season.
Check out our top picks below...
What's in our guide?
Santa's Grotto highlights
The best Christmas trails
Top UK winter festivals and days out
The best of UK theme park Christmas events
Santa's Grotto highlights
(Image: Â©National Trust Images/Chris La)
1. The National Trust
A host of National Trust properties across the UK will be getting a visit from Santa for some very special storytelling sessions.
Ancient castles, Tudor houses and woodland hideaways will serve as his grottos where he'll set up shop to read kids some festive tales - and kids will get a chance to tell him what they want for Christmas of course.
You can see the full list of properties expecting a visit from Santa , but highlights include:
Booking is essential. For more information visit the National Trust website .
(Image: Â©National Trust Images/Chris Lacey)
2. Boringdon Hall Polar Express themed Santa's Grotto
On Sunday 17th December, this stunning Elizabethan Manor will be offering up some luxurious festivities. Arrive at the breathtaking grounds and enjoy a dazzling dance performance before going in to indulge with a Festive Afternoon tea (includes activities like gingerbread decorating!).
Then head off to meet Santa in his grotto - and anyone on his 'nice' list will be treated to a gift!
The grotto runs at 12.30pm or 4pm - book your place here .
As for grown-ups, Boringdon Hall will be hosting a wide array of festive activities throughout the season including festive lunches, wreath making and even magical murder mystery parties.
For more information visit the Boringdon Hall website .
(Image: NYMR)
3. North Yorkshire Moors Railway Santa Special
Fancy something a bit different to a traditional trip to Santa's Grotto? Then this could make for a memorable family day out!
Departing from Pickering and Grosmont stations, this event gives children the chance to meet Santa in his festive grotto - on board the train!
They will also receive treats including a Christmas Activity Bag and a gift from Father Christmas himself, while adults can also indulge with a mince pie, hot drink and an alcoholic tipple.
Oh and if you are going from Pickering, there's also a chance to meet the 'real life' reindeers!
Tickets are £21, and the train will run on selected dates from the 2nd December. Click here for the full details .
The best Christmas trails
(Image: National Trust Images Megan Taylor)
1. Christmas at Kew
The Royal Botanical Kew Gardens are stunning by daylight - but this Christmas, come nighttime and they transform into an enchanted wonderland.
Until 1st January there's a spectacular trail of colourful lights, with impressive shows and creations on offer for a magical walk unlike any other. Think singing trees, gigantic flowers, oversized baubles, and even a flickering Fire Garden.
Tickets from £16 per adult, £10 per child. You can book your tickets here . For more information visit the Kew Gardens website .
2.Birmingham Botanical Gardens Christmas Trail
Until the 1st January, Birmingham Botanical Gardens will be home to a spectacular jewel-coloured trail, highlighting its impressive Victorian history, with plenty of stories through its dazzling light installations.
Discover The Twelve Days of Christmas, a tunnel of lights, a mistletoe moment, a scented fire garden and even a Singing Tree!
Advance Non-Member Adult ticket from £14-£16, Child from £8- £10; Advance Family Ticket £40-£48. Book your tickets here .
3. Longleat
Already a firm favourite with families looking for an enchanting Christmas day out, Longleat is back - and this year it's got a storytelling theme.
Journey through iconic scenes of classic fairytales including Cinderella's horse-drawn pumpkin carriage, Rupunzel's tower and and Snow White's infamous encounter with the peddler woman.
Daily until the 2nd January (excluding Christmas Day).
Adult tickets from £30.55, child tickets from £22.90 when bought on the Longleat website .
Longleat just released tickets for their hugely popular festival of lights - where tickets sell out every year
4. Tunnel of Light Norwich
Last year Norwich's Tunnel of Light became a social media sensation as thousands flocked to the city centre to snap away inside the dazzling attraction.
This year, it's back until the 5th January, when it will close at 5pm. Expect over 50,000 pulsating LEDs with sequenced light shows that make for an unforgettable stop.
Not quite a Christmas trail, but definitely worth a visit if you're exploring Norwich.
(Image: Simon Finlay Photography)
5. Step into the Fairy tale
You'll feel like you've stepped right into a storybook at this breathtaking historic house, which is hosting a fairytale galore!
Discover the best of iconic tales from the Brothers Grimm; spinning wheels whir, glass slippers are lost and gingerbread crumbs are left behind, in tributes to Rapunzel, Cinderella and Hansel and Gretel.
Alongside the sparkle will be Hinton's famous floral displays, while outdoors there will be a family trail featuring 25 fairy tale secrets hidden behind Advent Calendar boxes.
The 'Step into the fairy tale' trail will run until the 24th December. Tickets for entry to the house are £12 per adult, £6.60 per child, with an extra £2 per trail. Click here for full information .
Top UK winter festivals and days out
1. Holker Hall
The team at Holker Hall has pulled out all the stops this Christmas!
There's a jam-packed programme of exciting activities including wreath making workshops (8th December), children's Christmas circus workshops (16th December), a festive concert (7th December), food markets (10th December), and even buffet breakfasts with Father Christmas himself (9th and 10th December).
Then of course there are the hall's stunning Christmas decorations to explore - and if you're really inspired, you can even buy some of them in the gift shop.
Holker Hall is open 11am-4pm daily. Adult tickets £8.50, children go free. Visit the website for more information .
2. Free snow slide in East Village, London
Head to East Village E20 on Friday 15th or Saturday 16th December where it will be transformed into an Alpine Adventureland - complete with a high-octane Snow Slide.
The 25 metres long slide has been created with 20 tonnes of real snow; guests can jump on a rubber ring and sled their way down, and all for completely free!
The slide will be open 12pm-8pm on both days. Click here for full details .
(Image: Publicity Picture)
3. Hogwarts in the Snow
Harry Potter fans should head to Warner Bros. Studio London, which has undergone a very festive makeover just in time for Christmas. Expect snow-covered Hogwarts, a giant feast in the Great Hall and, of course, all the Yuletide props and sets from the films. Take a sneak peek of what you can expect here .
Adult tickets from £37, child tickets from £29. Click here to book .
4. Christmas in Leicester Square
If you're visiting the capital, make sure to stop off at the 'Christmas in Leicester Square', a pop-up including a Christmas Market, Santa's Grotto, and a Belgian Spiegeltent that's playing home to a host of comedy, cabaret and burlesque shows.
For more information visit Christmasinleicestersquare.com .
(Image: Royal Collection Trust / Â© Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II)
5. Christmas display at Windsor Castle
Commemorating the 20th anniversary of the restoration of the Castle, this year will see the State Apartments decked with glistening gold decorations, as well as a toweing 20-foot-high Christmas Tree, taken from Windsor Great Park.
There will also be a host of immersive evening performances of Charles Dickens' 'A Christmas Carol', ideal for families wanting a bit of festive entertainment.
And if you head down on Saturday 9th/Sunday 10th December, you'll find a pop-up pantomime, storytelling, festive music, a floral display, decoration-making workshops and the ever popular Bach to Baby concerts for under-fives!
The Christmas display will run until 5th January. Adult tickets from £20.50, child tickets from £12. Children under 5 go free. Click here for more information .
6. Meet huskies and reindeer in Brighton
Animal lovers can meet Santa's reindeer and a pack of arctic huskies at Drusillas Park in Brighton. Then, wander through the park taking in the beautiful Winter Wonderland Illuminations, or visit the nearby Brighton Christmas market for extra festive cheer.
For more information visit Drusillas.co.uk .
7. BRICKLIVE Christmas
If your children are obsessed with all things LEGO, then BRICKLIVE might be their dream event.
Held in London's Saatchi Gallery, BRICKLIVE Christmas will offer four themed zones with plenty of interactive games and experiences, whether you're after Christmas offerings, wanting to play Minecraft, explore your creative side, or even if you're a Star Wars fan looking for a Galactic adventure.
Tickets start from £15 per person. The event runs until the 7th January. To book your tickets visit Bricklivechristmas.com .
8. Zip World
Thrill-seekers and adrenaline junkies, this one's for you! head to Zip World Fforest Coaster at Betws-y-Coed this Christmas and take on the exciting trail - all for free.
All you have to do is turn up dressed in a Santa suit, and take on the course to receive a complimentary single ride. Sure to make for plenty of laughs.
The offer is valid until Christmas Eve and is restricted to one per person throughout the promotion. Visit Zipworld.co.uk for more information .
The best of UK theme park Christmas events
1. Cadbury World
Head down to Cadbury's World and not only will you be treated to all of the excitement from their usual tours, but there will be plenty of Christmas-themed extras too!
For example, discover the brand-new pantomime of Aladdin, on every Saturday and Sunday, including daily performances between the 21st-23rd and 27th-30th December.
Elsewhere in the attraction, the sounds of sleigh-bells and reindeer hooves spell the arrival of the big man himself, who will be flying in to Cadbury World to continue the Christmas cheer. In fact, Santa's getting his own stage show - and there's a gift for every child in the audience! (Shows are on the 21st-23rd).
Both the pantomime and Santa show are included in the Cadbury World admission price. Adult tickets from £16.75, child tickets from £12.30. Book your tickets on the website here .
2. Blackpool Pleasure Beach
Blackpool Pleasure Beach is launching a Nicktoons Christmas Grotto and Ice Skating, where beloved characters inckuding Spongebob SquarePants will be on hand to join you in the festive fun.
Santa will also be paying the grotto a visit, and gifting good boys and girls a Blackpool Pleasure Beach Diamond Pass for the 2018 season and a special Nickelodeon gift.
Visits to the Grotto can be booked online in advance for just £13.99 at blackpoolpleasurebeach.com/grotto or you can pay £15.99 on arrival at Blackpool Pleasure Beach Arena.
3. Alton Towers
Alton Towers is transforming into a winter wonderland - and kids will have the chance to meet Father Christmas himself thanks to their Santa Sleepovers packages.
Think fairytale grottos, charismatic elves, a roaring fireplace and plenty of treats from hot chocolate for kids to mulled wine for grown-ups. Not to mention a host of feasts - including a morning breakfast prepared by Mrs Claus!
There's even a fun-packed pantomime of jack and the Beanstalk, as well as a traditional Christmas dinner and breakfast.
Santa Sleepovers will take place on 10th December, and then from the 15th-23rd December 2017. Book your place here.
Prices start from £270 based on a family of four sharing and include Christmas dinner, bed and Breakfast; Meet and greet with Father Christmas, 1 day access to the water park, pantomime and selected rides. Book on the Alton Towers website here .
4. Paulton's Park
Home of Peppa Pig World and the Lost Kingdom, Paulton's Park is offering up a host of exciting seasonal activities for Christmas.
Kids can Santa's Grotto and join a reindeer on his journey to find Santa in time for Christmas Eve and return with a gift - and parents can enjoy a complimentary hot punch and festive treat.
Included in the cost of a ticket is the chance to enjoy the delights of a daily, family festive show where visitors can meet Frosty, Rudolph and two cheeky elves, Billy and Belinda.
Christmas at Paultons will be taking place on selected days until Friday 23rd December. Tickets start from £28.75 and include entry to Santa's Grotto and Peppa Pig World, as well a gift for the children.
All visits must be pre-booked and certain rides will not be open. Visit the Paulton's Park website for more information .
5. Drayton Manor
Drayton Manor's ‘Magical Christmas' event at Thomas Land is one of the UK's longest-running festive theme park events.
Its popular Thomas Land zone is transformed into a winter wonderland and is a hit with children who love Thomas the Tank Engine and his colourful friends.
A visit to see Santa is included in ticket prices and there are also rides and an ice rink on the Staffordshire site. Each day ends with a Christmas parade and child-friendly fireworks display.
Including a meeting with Father Christmas, pre-booked tickets are £24 (aged 12-59) £20 (aged 4-11) £20 (aged 60+) £12 (aged 2-3) £20 (disabled/carer) £20 (expectant mother). Prices are all £2 more for visits on Dec 23 or Dec 24. Under twos are free.
The park is open on December 9th-11th, 15th-24th and 27th-31st December. To book visit the Drayton Manor website or call 01827287979.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
TUESDAY, April 24, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- A crackdown on the sale of the wildly popular Juul brand of electronic cigarettes to teens was announced Tuesday by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
It includes a nationwide undercover blitz targeting the illegal sale of Juul products to minors at both stores and online retailers, according to FDA Commissioner Dr. Scott Gottlieb.
Juul electronic cigarettes look like computer flash drives and have become a favorite of teenagers. They contain high levels of nicotine and emit vapors that are hard to see or detect.
Just last week, a survey found that many young Americans don't even realize that Juuls contain highly addictive nicotine.
But just one Juul cartridge has nicotine levels equal to a pack of cigarettes, and Juul now commands more than half of the e-cigarette market.
"Today's announcement is a step in the right direction, but the FDA needs to accelerate its actions when it comes to regulating e-cigarettes like Juul and remove flavors known to entice youth," said Dave Dobbins, chief operating officer of the Truth Initiative, which conducted the youth survey.
"Keeping e-cigarettes on the market without first evaluating them is putting an entire generation of young people at risk of addiction," Dobbins added in a statement released Tuesday.
Gottlieb stressed that the FDA is taking the dangers of Juul products seriously.
"The illegal sale of these Juul products to minors is concerning. In fact, just since the beginning of March, FDA compliance checks have uncovered 40 violations for illegal sales of Juul products to youth," he said in an agency news release.
"The FDA has issued 40 warning letters for those violations… And we anticipate taking many more similar actions as a result of the ongoing blitz and our focus on enforcement related to youth access," Gottlieb said.
"Let me be clear to retailers," he added. "This blitz, and resulting actions, should serve as notice that we will not tolerate the sale of any tobacco products to youth."
The FDA also contacted eBay about several listings for Juul products on its website, and eBay removed them and took steps to prevent similar new listings, according to the agency.
In yet another action, the FDA said it has asked the maker of Juul products for documents that could help explain why kids find the products so appealing.
"We don't yet fully understand why these products are so popular among youth. But it's imperative that we figure it out, and fast. These documents may help us get there," Gottlieb said.
The FDA also plans to make such requests to manufacturers of similar products. If Juul or the other companies do not comply, they will be breaking the law and face enforcement, the agency said.
Another part of the crackdown includes additional enforcement actions against companies the FDA believes are marketing e-cigarettes in ways that are misleading to minors.
"We will announce additional steps in the coming weeks and months. And I hope that this sends a clear message to all tobacco product manufacturers and retailers that the FDA is taking on this issue with urgency, and if kids are flocking to your product or you're illegally selling these products to kids, you're on the agency's radar," Gottlieb said.
Along with campaigns to educate young people about the dangers of e-cigarettes and all other tobacco products, the FDA is assessing ways to make tobacco products less toxic, addictive and appealing, the agency added.
More information
The U.S. National Institute on Drug Abuse has more about e-cigarettes.
-- Robert Preidt SOURCES: U.S. Food and Drug Administration, news release, April 24, 2018; statement, Truth Initiative, April 24, 2018 Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The Genesis Open, formerly the Northern Trust Open, benefiting Tiger Woods' foundation starts on Thursday at Riviera Country Club in Pacific Palisades, California. Notably absent this week is Woods, who withdrew from the event citing orders from his doctor to take more time to rest his back after suffering back spasms during the Omega Dubai Desert Classic.
Even though Woods won't be playing this week, the field still features a cast of winners from this season and is packed with top golfers. Jordan Spieth, who is coming off of a win at Pebble Beach last week, is in the field along with his buddy Justin Thomas who has already won three times this season. Also in the field is Jason Day (1), Dustin Johnson (3), Hideki Matsuyama (5), Adam Scott (7), Sergio Garcia (9), Patrick Reed (10), as well as Phil Mickelson, defending champion Bubba Watson, and European Ryder Cup star Thomas Pieters.
There's not shortage of star-power this week and there won't be any celebrities clogging up the coverage so hopefully that improves.
Odds provided by BookMaker.eu
Genesis Open Odds via BookMaker.eu Jordan Spieth +725 Dustin Johnson +825 Hideki Matsuyama +1000 Jason Day +1400 Sergio Garcia +2300 Adam Scott +2500 Justin Thomas +2450 Justin Rose +2900 Bubba Watson +4000 Brandt Snedeker +4000 Phil Mickelson +4200 Patrick Reed +4800
TV Schedule
Thursday 2:00 PM – 6:00 PM Golf Channel Friday 2:00 PM – 6:00 PM Golf Channel Saturday 1:00 PM – 2:30 PM Golf Channel 3:00 PM – 6:00 PM CBS Sunday 1:00 PM – 2:30 PM Golf Channel 3:00 PM – 6:00 PM CBS
Notable Tee Times (Pacific)
Time Tee Players 6:50 AM 10 Johnson Wagner Mark Hubbard Thomas Pieters 7:01 AM 1 Camilo Villegas Scott Brown Marc Leishman 7:22 AM 1 James Hahn J.B. Holmes Matt Kuchar 7:22 AM 10 Sergio Garcia Jim Furyk Phil Mickelson 7:32 AM 10 Dustin Johnson Adam Scott Justin Rose 7:43 AM 10 Pat Perez Jimmy Walker Paul Casey 7:53 AM 10 Branden Grace Brandt Snedeker Charles Howell III 8:04 AM 1 Hudson Swafford Patrick Reed J.J. Henry 8:04 AM 10 Aaron Baddeley Ernie Els Kevin Na 8:25 AM 1 Kevin Streelman Jamie Lovemark Adam Hadwin 11:51 AM 1 Troy Merritt Ben Martin Keegan Bradley 11:51 AM 10 Tony Finau Graeme McDowell Matt Every 12:12 PM 1 Jordan Spieth Bubba Watson Bill Haas 12:12 PM 10 Scott Piercy Danny Lee Hunter Mahan 12:23 PM 1 Hideki Matsuyama Justin Thomas Jason Day 12:23 PM 10 Jim Herman Favian Gomez Brooks Koepka 1:05 PM 10 Kelly Kraft Wesley Bryan Sahith Theegala 1:15 PM 10 Bryson DeChambeau Jinho Choi Rich Berberian, Jr.
My Pick
It would be silly to pick someone who isn't in the top 10 in the world this week so I'm going to avoid doing that this week by picking Justin Thomas. Yes, I'm picking a guy who has won three times this season and swept the Hawaii swing. Thomas' last outing was at the Phoenix Open where he failed to make the cut, but don't let that fool you into thinking his run is over. After sweeping Hawaii, Thomas took two weeks off heading into the Phoenix Open and did not play last week at Pebble. Feels like it's time for him to win his fourth event of the season.
If not Thomas, don't look past Mr. Jordan “Boring Golf” Spieth. Spieth did what he needed to do on Sunday at Pebble in order to hold off the pack. He didn't try to go out and blow the field away, he just played a prevention defense.
—
There are 21 players ranked in the top 35 in the field this week. Hopefully the golf is as good as this field.
Randall Cobb and his longtime girlfriend Aiyda Ghahramani got married over the weekend at The Pierre, a hotel by Central Park in NYC. Cobb's Packers teammates Aaron Rodgers and Jordy Nelson were among the groomsmen in the festivities. According to The Knot, which you may not be familiar with if you are un-wed but has the market of brides-to-be CORNERED, the shindig was a black tie affair with about 250 guests.
Groomsmening for my sisters rehearsal for her wedding. #thepierre #wedding #nyc #groomsmen #family A post shared by Ariya Ghahramani (@ariyaghahramani) on Apr 14, 2017 at 3:15pm PDT
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Frank Lampard has been confirmed as the new Derby boss.
The former England midfielder has agreed a three-year deal to take over at Pride Park in his first job in management.
He replaces Gary Rowett at the Championship club after he quit to move to recently-relegated Stoke.
"I know it won't be easy – managing a football team never is – but I'm really looking forward to the challenge ahead," he said.
“This is my first job as a manager, but I've worked closely with some of the best coaches in the game and I'm confident in my own abilities and those of the team around me, including the board.
“We want to build on the club's top six finish in the Championship last season, while at the same time bringing through some of the excellent youth and Academy talent we have."
(Image: Derby County FC/Twitter)
(Image: Derby County FC/Twitter)
Derby's executive chairman Mel Morris added: "I've always been an admirer of Frank both as a player and a person, especially in the way he conducts himself both on and off the pitch.
"That impression was only re-enforced when we interviewed him for this role, his passion and humility shone through in equal measure. The board were unanimous that he was the stand-out applicant with many highly desirable and unique capabilities.
(Image: Catherine Ivill/Getty Images)
(Image: Getty Images)
“Few players have achieved what Frank has in his career to date. He's a winner, a leader who knows what it takes to succeed and who has the character and charisma to be a fantastic manager for us.”
Lampard has opted to move into management after former England teammate Steven Gerrard took the Rangers job.
Newly released details link Israel's highly enriched uranium to Pennsylvania plant
The Central Intelligence Agency believed that by 1974 Israel could strike all of its bordering countries with nuclear-tipped two-stage Jericho missiles. Israel was viewed by CIA as a proliferation threat via sales of turn-key nuclear weapons systems to its close allies such as apartheid South Africa. This was corroborated in year 2012 news reports revealing Israeli sales contracts. Although the now-defunct Atomic Energy Commission (AEC) demurred, the CIA also believed that a substantial quantity of weapons-grade highly-enriched uranium (HEU) was diverted from the Nuclear Materials and Equipment Corporation (NUMEC) in Apollo, Pennsylvania to Dimona for weapons production. These stunning new revelations are contained in the top-secret report Special National Intelligence Estimate, “Prospects for Further Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons” otherwise known as the 1974 SNIE.
The National Security Archive at George Washington University obtained a heavily redacted version of the SNIE in 2008. Earlier the CIA accidentally released an excised version of the 1974 SNIE conclusions, which became the basis for the New York Times front page story, “C.I.A. said in 1974 Israel had A-Bombs.” Late in 2017, responding to a broad year 2009 IRmep FOIA request for a variety of Israeli nuclear weapons program related files, the CIA released the least-redacted SNIE version yet (PDF) which included additional details on the Israeli and Indian nuclear weapons programs, including a map of the estimated range of Israel's Jericho nuclear missile. Also review side-by-side comparisons of the 2008 and 2017 releases of the 1974 SNIE. (PDF)
1 Israeli Jericho Missile, 1974 SNIE released 12/07/2017, page 24
The CIA believed both India and Israel were “potential sources of assistance relevant to nuclear weapons proliferation.” The CIA did not believe that Israel would openly help foreign countries with nuclear weapons development because they were “highly dependent on the U.S. for critical military items.” But exports of complete “turnkey” delivery systems including nuclear warheads could help the Israelis keep the Jericho missile production line from shutting down. The CIA stated in a previously redacted paragraph that,
“The Israelis have close ties both to Taipei and to South Africa and we cannot rule out bilateral or trilateral cooperation in the nuclear weapons field.”
Researcher Sasha Polakow-Suransky confirmed in 2012 that in 1975 Israel's then-defense minister Shimon Perez offered nuclear-tipped Jerichos “in three sizes” in a sales contract to apartheid South Africa's PW Botha. But the CIA appears to have been mistaken about Israel's willingness to assist foreign country weapons development. It is commonly believed among experts that the 1979 “Vela incident” was a joint Israeli-South Africa nuclear test in the Indian Ocean. However, in 2016 former Nuclear Regulatory Commission Commissioner Victor Gilinsky elaborated in Haaretz that many American nuclear officials considered it to be an Israeli tactical nuclear weapons test.
That Israel “has gone to great effort to obtain uranium concentrate. It has sought this material clandestinely…” was stated in a section of the SNIE released in 2008. But newly-released CIA information in the SNIE clearly ties Israel's acquisition of uranium to an unlawful covert diversion from the Nuclear Materials and Equipment Corporation, NUMEC, located in Apollo, Pennsylvania in a footnoted paragraph:
“It also is likely that the Israelis acquired a quantity of weapons grade uranium some years ago, in which case they would only have had to fabricate the weapons in order to have a small stockpile.”
This clearly references the NUMEC diversion or “Apollo affair” because the now-defunct Atomic Energy Commission was allowed to issue a formal dissent in a formerly-redacted footnote:
“The Assistant General Manager for National Security, Atomic Energy Commission has no information that would support this statement. He notes, however, that his reservation on this statement does not constitute disagreement with the overall judgment of Israel's nuclear weapons program.”
The footnote is consistent with the AEC's long denial that NUMEC, which it licensed, regulated and provided with tons of dual-use material under government contracts, was an Israeli smuggling front “from the beginning” as two high CIA officials familiar with NUMEC claimed.
In the mid-1960s the AEC discovered massive losses of highly enriched uranium and cover-ups of losses at NUMEC. In 1968 an Israeli covert operations team, presenting false credentials to the AEC, but using their real names (Rafi Eitan, Ephraim Beigon and Abraham Bendor), penetrated NUMEC with the assistance of the plant's owners.
Former AEC commissioner, Glenn Seaborg, when told in 1978 by Department of Energy staffers that traces of the material from NUMEC had been picked up outside Dimona, later refused to meet with FBI investigators. By 1980, the FBI obtained an eyewitness account of diversion from the plant's loading dock that occurred in the mid-1960s overseen by NUMEC president Zalman Shapiro.
No indictments were ever filed. After initially warning the Department of Justice about the diversion in 1968, the CIA withheld evidence from the FBI about why it was certain the diversion had occurred, according to documents released in 2015 via a FOIA lawsuit. Author and investigator Jefferson Morley, suggested in a 2018 presentation about the CIA-Mossad relationship that such instances of the CIA “looking the other way” may have been a result of the long-term, intense cultivation of rising officials such as James Angleton as well as the CIA's desire for reliable intelligence on the Soviet Union obtained by Israel.
The SNIE contains much additional information about the CIA's assessment of why Israel so badly wanted nuclear weapons as well as previously unreleased analysis of India's program. The long-delayed release comes at an interesting time, as both the US and Israel allegedly signed a secret memorandum of understanding pursuing Iran through covert actions asserting – with no evidence – that Iran has a nuclear weapons program.
The US Supreme Court recently refused to hear an appeal by 70-plus Apollo-area plaintiffs that sued the current owners of NUMEC. The Plaintiffs alleged in an 8-year federal legal battle that the shoddily-run plant caused their cancers. NUMEC's former plant sites are undergoing an on-again, off-again cleanup that may last until 2031 and ultimately cost US taxpayers half a billion dollars.
*
Grant F. Smith is the author of the book Divert! NUMEC, Zalman Shapiro and the diversion of US weapons-grade uranium into the Israeli nuclear weapons program. He is director of the Institute for Research: Middle Eastern Policy in Washington, D.C.
https://www.globalresearch.ca/in-1974-cia-claimed-israeli-nuclear-missiles-could-hit-neighbors/5632675
Today mobile phones have somewhat become our lifeline. However, given the limited battery life in smartphones and the increasing number of features and sensors that are integrated within the device, it has become important or there is a great need for phones that can charge soon.
While there are phones that can charge fully within an hour like the OnePlus 3T or the Google Pixel but these phones are not that budget friendly. While some justify it by saying "you get what you pay for" but today there are smartphones that have been launched which offer some kind of fast charging technology. The smartphones further come at a budget friendly price.
So if you are seraching for a budget friendly phone with fast-charging technology to basically avoid all the fustration over the phone that takes up more than half and hour to charge up to sufficient levels, then we have got you covered.
SEE ALSO: Corning Gorilla Glass 5 Protection! Best 8 Smartphones with Unbreakable Display
Here is a list of phones that we have looked into and these smartphones have good battery life and further has support for Fast Charging technology. Besides the phones are under Rs. 15,000.
Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
MK Dons chairman Pete Winkleman says former Bristol City boss Keith Millen could get the manager's job full time at the struggling League One side.
Millen, who has been the assistant manager to Dan Micciche since January, has taken charge of the team after Micciche departed the club on Sunday.
The ex- Bristol City boss, who managed the club from 2010 to 2011, had previously been briefly working as a coach at Portsmouth after leaving his last club Crystal Palace following Sam Allardyce's appointment in January.
Millen has worked as a No.2 for Tony Pulis, Neil Warnock and Alan Pardew since departing his only managerial job with the Robins in 2011.
Talking to the MK Citizen , Winkleman said: "If you were going to get a caretaker, you'd get Keith.
"He's got performances out of Premier League teams. If the inevitable happens, let's go down fighting.
"Keith can put himself in the frame, and if he won all three, he'd put himself in the frame. We want to see what Keith wants to do.
"I've had to go to him and tell him what we did with Dan, this is where we are, and I asked him whether he wanted the job for the last three games or whether he wants to avoid it. He immediately stepped up and told me to worry about what I need to do.
"That's Keith Millen, he has been like that the whole way through."
MK Dons are currently 23rd in League One, six points from safety. An escape now would be something of a miracle.
Rome, December 11 - Italian retail sales dropped by 1% in value terms in October with respect to September and by 1.1% in volume terms, ISTAT said on Monday. Sales were down 2.1% in value terms compared to October 2016 - the biggest year-on-year drop since August 2014, the national statistics agency said. It said year-on-year sales were down 2.9% in volume terms. Retail sales had leaped 3.1% in year-on-year terms in September.
100 Pushup Challenge
Follow This 14-Day Plan And Start Cranking Out 100 Pushups At Once
One hundred push-ups without stopping. Can you do it?
Well, it's time to give yourself a pep talk and follow the program below to get you there.
Cranking out 100 straight push-ups is a true measuring stick of relative strength and muscular endurance. You would think the guy that could hit the century mark would be an overflowing mound of muscle. To the contrary, that push-up machine is likely as lean as a runner.
Ron Cooper is the perfect example. The Boston-native has broke 11 different Guinness World Records, including nine push-up and pull-up records. The former collegiate middle distance runner recently, crushed 91 bare-knuckle push-ups at an event in New York City put on by Reebok aimed at taking down several fitness records. A day later in Boston, Cooper, a financial planner with two daughters, won a pull up competition hosted by Michelob to earn a trip to Super Bowl LI. He crushed 56 pull-ups in 96 seconds.
Cooper said he's been chasing records for five years, ever since he saw caught Guinness World Records week on television and decides, “I could do that.” He trains everyday, focusing on push-ups two days, pull-ups two days adding in a day for training legs and another for handstand push-ups. Cooper doesn't slouch on cardio either.
“I also do some type of hard cardio twice a week such as Airdyne, bike intervals, jump roping or running intervals,” he said. “I do easy cardio four days a week for a half (hour) or so, which is typically riding a stationary bike at a modest effort.
For Cooper, his training is aimed specifically for his goals, which are basically crushing calisthenics sprints, usually to hit a max one-minute effort. For you though, Cooper recommended two hard push-up specific training days each week.
His push-up workouts on the other hand, seem like push-up marathons, even if they only range between 15-30 minutes. To him they mimic middle-distance running workouts the similar, in theory, to the kind he did as a runner at Boston University. For example, Cooper will attack 8 sets of 50 with a 60-second rest in between. Another day he'll go for 16 sets of 25 with 30 seconds rest. When he's in a rush, he may bunch in 400 reps for time, which he said can take 11 or 12 minutes.
“The number of push ups should be modified to someone's fitness level, then adjusted upward as fitness level increases,” Cooper said. “So for some it might be 25-50 push ups to start, even on bent knees or hands elevated on a bench or table or kitchen counter if need be. For others it might be starting with 100 to 200 reps for time and building from there.”
OK, so you're convinced you need this in your life. I've taken a slightly different tact but let me show you how to do it.
Perfecting Your Form
First things first, get your form right.
We're not talking about some sort of bastardised kipping pull-up version of a push-up here. Do the reps the way they need to be done.
Each rep requires:
The elbows tucked at 90 degrees
Alignment of your cervical spine to your tailbone (a straight back)
Full reps each time. Your chest to the ground at the bottom (or damn near close)
You want your elbows tucked at your sides and your hand position tight and underneath your shoulders. Not high and wide.
Secondly, keep your core muscles flexed and don't sag in the middle or dip your lower back. Some call this “caterpillering.” This places the posterior elements of the spine at risk.
By keeping the hips low and hinging at the lumbar spine, a lower percentage of body weight is being lifted since much of the body is hanging toward the floor, thereby making the exercise easier and putting increased strain on your lower back. We don't want that.
Third, people cut the movement short and perform half-reps, working their elbow joints more than their chest. The bottom position of the push-ups involves a higher percentage of body weight than the top position, which makes the bottom more difficult. (Thanks, Captain Obvious).
You don't want to cheat yourself to 100 reps. Perfect your form and reap the rewards.
Your 14-Day Training Plan To 100 Push-ups
You're going to hammer your chest three times per week and put all other muscle groups in maintenance mode to allow for this extra work.
You'll do push ups each chest workout while adding accessory work to really force your chest to grow, working up to as much as 35 sets (total work for the week).
Here's how you setup the workouts each week:
Day 1 - Chest
- Chest Day 2 – Full body (except chest)
– Full body (except chest) Day 3 - Off
- Off Day 4 - Chest
- Chest Day 5 – Full body (except chest)
– Full body (except chest) Day 6 - Chest
- Chest Day 7 – Off
Week 1
Day 1 (9 sets)
Exercise — Sets x Reps
Push-ups — 3 x 15-20
Floor Bench Press — 3 x 6-12
Dumbbell Flies with band resistance — 3 x 8-12
Day 2 (12 sets)
Push-ups with feet elevated — 6 x 15-20
Floor Bench Press — 3 x 6-12
Bench Press with twist — 3 x 10
Day 3 (15 sets)
Push-ups (try one-handed for the last two) — 6 x 15-20
Bench Press with pause — 3 x 6-9
Dumbbell Flies with band — 3 x 8-12
We Recommend
WODFitters Stretch Resistance Bands
Resistance bands are as versatile a piece of equipment that you'll find in a gym and even better to keep for at-home workouts. Whether you're looking to modify pull-ups or chin-ups, increase mobility, range of motion or add another variable into your strength training program, a thick and durable resistance band can bring your training to the next level.
$19.99 at Amazon.com
Ultimate Body Press Parallettes
Perfect for deficit push-ups and increasing the range of motion on your push-ups. These parallette bars relieve some of the pressure push-ups put on your hands and wrists and as well give a range of options for variety on core exercises.
$85.99 at Amazon.com
Week 2
Day 1 (12 sets)
Push-ups with band resistance — 6 x 15-20
Bench Press — 3 x 6-8
Hex Press — 3 x 8-12
Day 2 (15 sets)
Push-ups — 3 x 20-30
Incline Bench Press — 5 x 6-8 (add weight each set)
Hex Press — 5 x 8-12
Day 3 (100 Rep Test)
Push-ups — 1 x 100 (or max effort)
Push-ups — 2 x Max effort
You can download the 100 Rep Chest Challenge workout program to your PC or smartphone by clicking the link.
What If You Fail?
Test your push-up rep goal against what you started with, and see if you've made progress.
If you can't hit 100 reps in succession yet, return to your regular workload for chest and re-test the 100 rep challenge in two weeks. You may be surprised at your results!
Mitch Calvert is a certified personal trainer and fat-loss coach – who works specifically with men like his former self who have weight to lose and confidence to gain. He hosts Mansformation Challenges for guys looking to get over the fat-loss hump.
AskMen may receive a portion of sales revenue if you click one of the above links and buy a product or service. The links were placed independently by our Commerce team and did not influence the editorial content.
A still from ‘S Durga'. Director Sanal Kumar Sasidharan plans to screen the movie by renting out cinemas in locations where an audience of at least 100 people gathers to watch it.
Bengaluru: Four months after losing their fight against government censors and fed up with the alleged stalling tactics of cinemas in their home state, the makers of the Malayalam film Sexy Durga —now prudently renamed S Durga—have hit upon a novel way to exhibit the film: crowdsourced screenings.
Director Sanal Kumar Sasidharan said cinemas in Kerala are simply stalling his controversial movie, so he is turning the tables on the exhibitors and distributors on who gets to decide where a movie will be shown. Movie lovers will collect across the state known for its world beating art house films on 23 March and, if all goes to plan, fill up cinemas and sit back for a show.
S Durga was last year's most controversial movie after Padmaavat, with the Censor Board demanding several cuts and a name change. Later, the Union government took it off the International Film Festival of India lineup, prompting protests, the resignation of festival jury members and a lengthy legal battle. By the time Sasidharan won it, the festival was over.
But the battle to screen was by no means over.
“I approached the theatres in Kerala; they said the screens are packed and could not give a release date until May. We cannot wait until then, which leaves us with no other option but to release it in some other way,” the filmmaker said over the phone.
The movie is about a woman, Durga, who is trying to elope with her boyfriend Kabir. They are victimized by those who offer them a lift during an overnight road trip. The movie portrays the victimization of the woman and contrasts it with a society where a Hindu goddess by the same name is worshipped in huge public festivals.
A wide section of critics praised the film for its artistic merits, and it won the prestigious Hivos Tiger Award at the International Film Festival Rotterdam. But some took offence at the portrayal of Hinduism.
Sasidharan, however, is determined to show his movie in Kerala. The plan is simple: He has urged fans, movie buffs and film societies in Kerala to organize crowds of at least 100 people who want to watch the movie in their respective locations. Wherever such audiences collect, he will use an advance payment from the organizer to rent out a cinema. The organizers, in turn, will be paid 10% of ticket sales. In short, fans will be booking their own screenings and Sasidharan won't have to worry about the rent to be paid to the cinema owners.
“Right now, the audience has no say in deciding the release of a movie. We want to change it and create numerous local distributor's associations who are there for the love of good cinema,” said Sasidharan, in Malayalam.
The development puts the spotlight on the struggles a conservative society throws up before an Indian art house movie director, even in a place like Kerala that is known for its high literacy, high incomes and expanded individual choice. It also underlines the thriving fight back against the system by such directors, at least in Kerala.
“Lack of audience is not a problem, but the way the market operates is,” said Don Palathara, an alumnus of International Film School, Sydney, and director of Netflix-streaming 2016 Malayalam movie Shavam, a dark-comedy set around a funeral in a house.
Shavam, shot in black-and-white partly owing to lack of funds, won the Best Foreign Film Award at the Barni International Festival in Moscow in 2016, among other awards. But it was not released in Kerala. So, Palathara screened his movie by hiring a van and touring villages across Kerala, taking a leaf out of the playbook of late independent directors such as John Abraham.
Before S Durga, Sasidharan's first two films, Oralpokkam and Ozhivu Divasathe Kali, were also screened using a touring van, popularly known as Cinema Vandi (cinema vehicle). Ozhivu Divasathe Kali, however, was screened in public-run theatres—albeit for only a week.
“Invariably, they (cinema owners) only accept what they are used to seeing so far. Earlier, filmmakers such as Adoor Gopalakrishnan tried to jump this barrier by creating film societies that appreciated art-house movies,” said Palathara. “When the market is not playing by our rules, we have to create our own market.”
After Court Ruling, Military Will Accept Openly Transgender Recruits As Of Jan. 1
Enlarge this image toggle caption Matthias Schrader/AP Matthias Schrader/AP
Following a federal court ruling, the Pentagon has confirmed it will allow openly transgender individuals to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1. The Trump administration had resisted that deadline in court, seeking to have its ban on new transgender troops reinstated — but on Monday, Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly upheld an earlier decision to temporarily block President Trump's ban.
That ban has been under fire since it was issued in a presidential memorandum in August. It quickly drew several lawsuits, and two federal judges — including Kollar-Kotelly in October — moved to put it on hold while those cases were decided in the courts. As NPR's Camila Domonoske explained then, Kollar-Kotelly found "that trans members of the military have a strong case that the president's ban would violate their Fifth Amendment rights."
The administration appealed that ruling, seeking to implement its ban during the pending court cases, only to see the appeal denied by Kollar-Kotelly on Monday.
In her decision, she noted that she was "not convinced by the vague claims" that the Jan. 1 deadline needed to be delayed. At the same time, she reiterated her October argument that trans service members have a strong case and questioned the administration's "portrayal of their situation as an emergency," considering more than three weeks passed before it filed the appeal.
"If complying with the military's previously established January 1, 2018 deadline to begin accession was as unmanageable as Defendants now suggest, one would have expected Defendants to act with more alacrity," she added in the final line of her decision.
The Department of Defense has announced it will comply with the order to allow transgender recruits — but in a statement Monday, the department made clear that it is doing so reluctantly.
"This policy will be implemented while the Department of Justice appeals those court orders," a Pentagon spokesperson said in the statement, adding: "DoD and the Department of Justice are actively pursuing relief from those court orders in order to allow an ongoing policy review scheduled to be completed before the end of March."
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the Justice Department is also "reviewing legal options" to ensure that the president's directive can be implemented.
Kollar-Kotelly's ruling marks a new step in a twisting legal drama that promises to continue for some time — and traces its origins to an Obama-era policy announced 18 months ago.
In June 2016, then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter announced the Pentagon would be lifting a long-running ban on openly transgender service members. As part of that announcement, a one-year deadline was set for the military to begin admitting new transgender troops. But before that deadline could take effect earlier this year, it was quietly extended by six months — to Jan. 1, 2018.
Then, this past July, Trump tweeted that "the United States Government will not accept or allow transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military." He later issued an official presidential memo, slightly dialing back the severity suggested in his tweet: That order prohibited the enlistment of new troops who are openly transgender, halted the use of federal funds for sex reassignment surgeries, and left it to his defense secretary to decide whether to expel trans troops who are currently serving.
Secretary Jim Mattis announced just days later that current trans troops could remain in the military "in the interim."
Now, under the injunction that was upheld Monday, new trans troops can enlist, as well — at least temporarily as long as the lawsuits against Trump's ban are still pending, and perhaps permanently, if those lawsuits are successful.
"Today's announcements — both by the court and the Pentagon — signal that there is an awareness that it's not right to make military policy by tweets," Aaron Belkin, director of the Palm Center, which works on LGBT issues in the military, tells NPR's Greg Myre. "And when there's a deliberate process of study, then that process should be respected and implemented."
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In tonight's Emmerdale, Liv Flaherty is arrested as she finally confesses to spiking Lisa Dingle's drink.
Gabby Thomas pleads with her mum Bernice not to expose the truth, that Liv was the one who actually poured the horse tranquiliser into Lisa's pint.
But Liv decides to come clean and courageously admits she spiked the drink to horrified Zak and Lisa while Aaron watches on in horror.
There is more worry for the Dingle clan when the police arrive soon afterwards to arrest Liv - meaning one of Liv's close family must have grassed her up.
(Image: ITV)
Meanwhile, Ross tries to pretend he's not hurt after finding out Debbie and Joe Tate are in a relationship again.
He doesn't manage to convince Pete, who confronts the pair in the pub and reveals his anger at Debbie's betrayal.
Another furious villager is Charity who can't believe that her daughter has got back with the man that tried to ruin their lives.
(Image: ITV)
Will Joe's plans for revenge become clearer?
Elsewhere, Brenda wants to stop Bob and Laurel from spending any time together but her over-enthusiastic wedding plans drive him away.
They almost get stuck together literally when Bob helps Laurel get out of a sticky top which is covered in glue.
* Emmerdale airs tonight on ITV at 7pm
The Shacklewell Lane Mosque in Dalston, east London, has decided to accept bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in a bid to widen its donor base. Photo: iStockphoto
A mosque in Britain's capital is willing to receive your donation—in bitcoin. The Shacklewell Lane Mosque in Dalston, east London, has decided to accept bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in a bid to widen its donor base and cut down on currency conversion fees, mosque leaders said.
“For a donor that already has a bitcoin or an ethereum account, the effort of converting cryptocurrency into say British pounds or dollars can be quite burdensome. The mosque effectively takes the burden on themselves,” said blockchain consultant Lukasz Musial, who helped the mosque set up the technology.
“For the donor, it's just the click of a button to transfer to an account provided by the charity. From the mosque's perspective, it opens a new stream of donations coming from all over the world,” Musial said.
Egypt's Grand Mufti, the nation's top Sunni Muslim official, said this year bitcoin was not permitted according to Islamic law, Egyptian media reported, but Shacklewell imam Abdalla Adeyemi defended the mosque's decision.
“Bitcoin is like any other currency. It's... accepted by a group of people.... We ourselves are not trading. We are not involved... we are a charity,” Adeyemi told Reuters.
The mosque says it is one of a handful to accept cryptocurrencies out of hundreds in London and its move is yielding results. It says it is on track to double its donations this year to more than £10,000 ($13,300).
Muslims with the means are religiously obliged to give alms, often calculated as being 2.5% of their wealth, and many do so during the holy month of Ramazan, a time when Muslim charities are most active.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Councillors are set to discuss rolling back its sweeping cuts programme to Bristol parks.
Bristol Mayor, Marvin Rees, and his cabinet will discuss ditching plans to reduce the opening hours of Hengrove Play Park, scrapping large advertising spaces and a policy to not replace broken play equipment at a council meeting next week.
Bristol City Council is facing a £108million deficit by 2023 if it fails to make any savings or efficiencies.
The Labour administration initially wanted to make parks cost neutral, but has since conceded to reducing the budget by £2.8million by 2019.
(Image: Jon Hurst)
A report presented to cabinet recommends a series of money making schemes for parks including an increase in parking charges, the introduction of fees for people who use parks as part of their businesses – such as dog walkers and personal trainers – and increasing the amount of rent park-based businesses pay the council.
In comparison the authority wants to roll back on some of its current responsibilities such as reducing maintenance, planting less flowers and looking to pass park management over to community groups.
The council held a public consultation on the suggestions last year, which was completed by more than 2,600 people.
While the report recommends many of the original proposals put forward last year, officers have recommended a number of policies are scrapped based on public response.
The council has been advice to ditch plans for “large scale, high impact advertising”, but officers say “low impact advertising”, such as adverts on lampposts and bins, should still be considered.
The report recommends the cabinet scrap plans to reduce the opening times and days of Hengrove Play Park and other parks and facilities in the city and to roll back its proposal to remove, but not replace, play damaged or old play equipment.
The council says it has no plans to close any park or green space in the city.
Councillor Asher Craig, Deputy Mayor and cabinet member responsible for parks, has promised Bristol's parks will remain free and widely available.
“We are hugely fortunate in Bristol to have a wealth of beautiful, vibrant publicly owned parks and green spaces,” she said.
“No matter what happens we will make sure these remain free for everyone to access,” she said.
“We will consider these proposals at the Cabinet meeting. We all understand how vitally important parks are, and we need to make sure there is something there for everyone to enjoy.
“Our priority is to ensure everyone in Bristol has access to good quality, attractive and enjoyable parks and green spaces.
“If cabinet agree, we will work with partners to take forward the proposals in this report to develop our current offer.”
The cabinet meeting will take place at 4pm on Tuesday, May 1 at City Hall.
By James Anderson and Titana Flowers
DENVER (AP) — Taylor Swift won $1 and long-awaited vindication Monday after a jury decided in a civil trial that a radio host groped her during a pre-concert photo op four years ago.
After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits, jurors determined that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing her backside during a backstage meet-and-greet. Swift hugged her crying mother after the verdict and reiterated how she wanted to stand up for other women.
“My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard,” the singer said in a statement, acknowledging her ability to afford attorneys to defend her in court. “Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.”
The six-woman, two-man jury also found that Swift's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller's bosses about the groping.
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler, Frank Bell, seeking up to $3 million for his ruined career. At the end of the trial, the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller's lawsuit, saying he failed to prove that she sought to get Mueller fired or had any reason to believe that someone else may have assaulted her.
“I've been trying to clear my name for four years,” Mueller said after the verdict. “Civil court is the only option I had. This is the only way that I could be heard.”
The singer-songwriter said in her countersuit that she wanted a symbolic $1.
From the start, Swift's side portrayed the encounter as a clear case of sexual assault, though they never reported it to police. Her mother tearfully testified that she asked Bell to reach out to Mueller's employers at country station KYGO-FM instead because they wanted to handle the matter quietly and avoid exposing the singer-songwriter to publicity.
Bell contacted a station vice president and asked for an investigation of Mueller's conduct. He also sent the station executive a photo taken of Swift, Mueller and Mueller's then-girlfriend at the meet-and-greet.
In an hourlong stint on the witness stand last week, Swift blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller's attorney, Gabriel McFarland, of what happened. While Mueller testified he never grabbed Swift, she insisted she was groped.
“He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him,” Swift testified.
“It was a definite grab. A very long grab,” she added.
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star's skirt or otherwise touching her inappropriately, insisting he touched only her ribs and may have brushed the outside of her skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture.
That photo was virtually the evidence besides the testimony. In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released, Mueller's hand is behind Swift, just below her waist. Both are smiling. Mueller's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift.
Swift testified that after she was groped, she numbly told Mueller and his girlfriend, “Thank you for coming,” and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because she did not want to disappoint them.
But she said she immediately went to her photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of her with Mueller, telling the photographer what happened.
Andrea Swift testified that she asked Bell to call Mueller's employers. They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing her daughter, she said.
“We absolutely wanted to keep it private, but we didn't want him to get away with it,” Andrea Swift testified.
Bell said he emailed the photo to Robert Call, KYGO's general manager, for use in Call's investigation of Mueller. He said he didn't ask that Mueller be fired but that “appropriate action be taken.”
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Police in Migori county have set ablaze bhang worth Shs 38 Million that was nabbed in 2016. The bhang is said to have been originated from the neighbouring country, Tanzania.
The academic year is halfway through so 15 and 16 year olds are already planning what they want to do after their GCSEs.
Julie Richards, principal and chief executive officer of Chesterfield College, offers some useful tips to help with the decision making process:
1. Take stock.
Work out what interests you as well as thinking about the jobs which might be available now and in the
future. It makes sense to study something you enjoy alongside knowing there are opportunities for you.
Work to your strengths and think about the qualifications and skills needed to get that dream job.
2. Get some advice
Don't try and work it all out yourself. Our careers guidance team are available on open days and on the
other end of the phone. Learn from employers about the skills that are valued in the work place. Speak
to someone at school as well using free online guides like Career Coach to match your interests to
courses and careers.
3. Choose what works for you
The possibilities are endless. Apprenticeships and vocational qualifications are a perfect fit for practical
people who prefer to learn by doing. For those who are more academic, A Levels might be the best
option. There will be a level and study style to suit you and prepare you for the career you want.
4. Take a good look at all the options
Whether you're staying on at school, starting college or choosing an apprenticeship, go along to open
days to find out the facts and compare what each has to offer. It isn't just the course content that you
will learn more about, you will really get a sense of what it will be like to study or work in each place.
5. Give it a try
Getting work experience or volunteering will help you to decide if you're suited to a job, get vital skills
and look great on your CV. February half term is also the perfect time to give college a try at the Taster
Sessions we run. Have a look at what's on here https://www.chesterfield.ac.uk/tasters
Remember, exploring all the options and keeping an open mind means you'll choose well and you will make
it happens.
Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (CATSA) Directed against India?
The joint supersonic cruise missile cooperation between India and Russia is endangered by the US' wielding of CAATSA sanctions against New Delhi, and there's a chance that this groundbreaking partnership might end sooner than later unless the South Asian state continues to downgrade its other military cooperation with Moscow.
Reuters released a shocking but nevertheless unsurprising report earlier today quoting experts and unnamed sources who allege that the US' CAATSA sanction threats are responsible for delaying the Russian-Indian S-400 deal that was first agreed to in late 2016. The author warned earlier in the month in his article about the “OPCW Vote & South Asia: Why Pakistan Backed Russia But India Abstained” that New Delhi's refusal to openly support Moscow in this international body foreboded very negatively for the future of their military partnership because it proved that the South Asian state is very susceptible to American pressure nowadays.
These words of caution were just confirmed by the respected outlet, and the revelation that Washington is wielding CAATSA as an asymmetrical weapon for damaging Moscow's most profitable military relationship implies that it might have also played a role in India's recent decision to scrap the multibillion-dollar Fifth-Generational Fighter Aircraft (FGFA) project that it was involved in with Russia for years already.
Now that the S-400 deal is reportedly in the crosshairs too, it's very probable that their joint supersonic cruise missile cooperation is as well. The Brahmos project is the signature achievement of the long-standing Russian-Indian military partnership and is regarded as having produced the fastest missile of its type in the world. Unfortunately, its Russian partner NPO Mashinostroyeniya was sanctioned by the Obama Administration in 2014 and is therefore subject to CAATSA's punitive restrictions, that is, however, unless India can “earn” the “exemption” that it's supposedly lobbying for. According to one of the experts that Reuters interviewed, “one way to avoid secondary sanctions would be if the U.S. determines that India is reducing its dependence on Russian arms”, which it evidently has been because the outlet cited the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute's publication from last month that said that “Russian hardware represented 62 percent of the country's total weapons imports during the past five years, compared with 79 percent in 2008-2012.”
Even though Russian-Indian military cooperation is declining as New Delhi “diversifies” its traditional imports with new American, “Israeli”, and French wares as part of its “multi-alignment” policy, this may not be enough to “earn” the US' “mercantile mercy”, especially considering that Trump is known to be a ruthless businessman who is reputed to enjoy crushing his competitors. If the US feels emboldened by India succumbing to what might have been CAATSA pressure by backtracking on its erstwhile FGFA deal with Russia and now getting second thoughts about the S-400, then it might not think twice about dealing a “death blow” to Russian-Indian military relations by refusing to issue an “exemption” to the country, therefore forcing it to also discontinue its production of the Brahmos supersonic cruise missile and possibly enter into a nasty trade dispute with Moscow over ownership of its remaining munitions. This could also have profound regional military implications because India might not feel bound by its previous agreement to seek Russia's approval for exporting the Brahmos.
While it's difficult to ever know exactly what the Trump Administration is planning, and thus it's entirely possible that India might “earn” its “exemption” and subsequently be “allowed” to purchase the S-400s and continue its Brahmos cooperation with Russia, the distrust that the FGFA deal's scrapping may have produced in Moscow might have convinced the Great Power of the necessity in accelerating its developing military partnership with New Delhi's rivals in Islamabad. It's “coincidental”, to say the least, that the Pakistani National Security Advisor was in Moscow meeting with his counterpart just days after the FGFA deal with India was abandoned and right before the Reuters report about how America's CAATSA pressure might thwart the S-400 deal was released, clearly signifying that Russia regards Pakistan as one of many non-traditional partners in compensating for the US' strategic “poaching” of historic ones like India. This New Cold War“rebalancing” of sorts is still unfolding, but it's nevertheless geopolitically promising and is occurring independently of US-Indian relations.
To conclude with some closing comments about the Brahmos topic of this analysis, it's unclear whether any CAATSA pressure has been put on India to discontinue its cooperation with Russia in this respect, but it can confidently be conjectured that this already is or will soon likely be the case given that the US is already going after its newfound “100-year-long” strategic partner for seriously considering the purchase of S-400s. The US' phased plan is to first interfere with all forthcoming Russian-Indian military deals and then continue leaning on New Delhi to progressively disengage from its existing cooperating with Moscow, after which Washington hopes that the South Asian state will begin to incrementally adopt Western (American, “Israeli”, French) wares to replace its former Soviet-Russian ones. This is a long-running process that has only just begun and will still take at least a decade to fully play out, but given the current dynamics, one can expect that the Brahmos might sooner than later appear on the chopping block.
*
This article was originally published on Eurasia Future.
Andrew Korybko is an American Moscow-based political analyst specializing in the relationship between the US strategy in Afro-Eurasia, China's One Belt One Road global vision of New Silk Road connectivity, and Hybrid Warfare. He is a frequent contributor to Global Research.
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Andrew Korybko , Global Research, 2018
https://www.globalresearch.ca/the-russia-india-cruise-missile-s-400-brahmos-project-will-the-threat-of-u-s-catsa-sanctions-make-delhi-say-bye-bye-to-the-brahmos-project-with-moscow/5637648
Hundreds of young people from across the Diocese of Grand Island and the Midwest are signing up for the 19th Annual Going Bananas For Jesus Catholic Youth Rally in North Platte, Nebraska, March 17-19.
“But are concern is that many will not be able to attend because of our early registration deadline of March 1st,” says Co-Chairman, Brenda Conell. “We need a final count of participants because of our need to find host families, order t-shirts, and plan food for the three day weekend,” says Conell.
The core team has created a schedule filled with prayer, workshops, seminars, and musical performances. Conell says it's a faith-filled event that encourages people to grow stronger to Christ through discovery and prayer. These events will be held at the North Platte Catholic School facilities and St. Patrick's Catholic Church.
“We do offer adult mini sessions and special workshops, too,” says Conell, as we are focused on faith development for all Catholics in the region.
Special keynote presenters, Jesse Manibusan and ValLimar Jansen will headline the weekend with music and faith stories.
Jesse Manibusan is a composer, singer/songwriter, storyteller, humorist, catechist, evangelizer and encourager. Manibusan has that knack to build instant rapport, connect to his audience, and create life-giving memories that help deepen faith and cultivate the joy that inspires service, sacrifice and the celebration of life.
ValLimar Jansen is a highly regarded singer, composer and recording artist. She is educated and experienced as a university/college professor, a leader of worship and prayer and a workshop presenter at conferences across the United States and abroad. ValLimar Jansen has a long history of singing sacred music.
Registration deadline is March 1, 2017. The $80 registration price includes the weekend's meals and Banana's T-shirt. Out-of-town participants stay with host families. Registration forms are on-line at www.youthgidiocese.weebly.com. Families may also contact their local Catholic church, or call John Burke at 308-325-6330.
“We encourage families to not hesitate to send their teens. The team is working really hard to create an welcoming environment with a focus on faith,” says Conell. “Trust me, your children will have the experience of a lifetime,” says Conell.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pregnant bride-to-be has been injured in a crash at a notorious junction just days before her wedding .
Madga Mularczyk suffered an injury to her leg and was left in pain with bruising in the smash in Lincoln.
The 22-year-old was pulling out onto Newland from Orchard Street on Friday, September 29 when she collided with a Range Rover.
The young mum is due to walk down the aisle tomorrow, Lincolnshire Live reported .
(Image: Lincolnshire Live / BPM Media)
Accidents at the junction were said to be 'becoming the norm' by one shop worker in the area after another crash just five days later, where two people were taken to hospital.
Magda said her car was spun around by the force of the impact.
She said: "I had injuries to my leg, head and also muscular pain. I also have pain in the ribs and stomach.
"It was very scary. I was worried as my son was in the back and was holding his eye. I managed to get him out of the car seat and luckily he only had a mark by his eye.
"The wedding is going ahead tomorrow and luckily I have no bruises and marks that show.
"My son was crying but he was OK once he saw the police car. My unborn baby is fine as well so we were lucky.
"Thank god the airbag didn't open as it would have damaged my face and may be killed me."
(Image: Lincolnshire Live / BPM Media)
Her sister, Olivia, 19, has now called for action to be taken on the junction to stop more motorists being hurt.
She said: “I did not even know which direction the Range Rover had come from, it happened so quickly – I didn't know what was going on.
“It was horrendous.
“When I got out I started shouting for an ambulance.
“The police were nearby so got to us almost straight away and when they spoke to us they agreed it was a difficult junction.
“Luckily, we have only been left with bruises and aches, but everyone is fine including the baby.
“The junction needs traffic lights there.”
Olivia, who studies at the University of Lincoln, said the Fiat has since been written off because of the severity of the damage.
Claire Burley, 46, director of Fodders Fine Foods on Newland, says accidents are the norm on the road and feels the junction where Orchard Street and Newland intersect is to blame.
(Image: Google)
“The problem with Orchard Street is it is a turn right junction,” she said.
“You can't see the second lane of traffic.
“Often you will get flashed by the driver in the left hand lane, so you start edging out.
“However, the person in the middle lane often doesn't see you and they carry on going – there have been quite a few accidents over the years.
“A lot of people also park on double yellows on Orchard Street as well.”
Elizabeth Smith, 41, a customer service assistant at the Top Nosh sandwich takeaway in the same road, added: “It is quite scary.
“People do drive quite dangerously along this road all the time.
“There was a bad accident just outside our shop on Friday.
“It's because people ignore the lights and lorries park on the crossing – I've nearly been run over several times.
“Drivers always seem to be in a rush - people drive like maniacs.”
Actress Brigitte Nielsen announced on Instagram that she is pregnant with her fifth child at the age of 54.
The Rocky IV actress posted two photos on Instagram showing off her baby bump. Nielsen, who is also known for roles in movies such as Red Sonja and Beverly Hills Cop II, also worked as a model for legendary designers such as Giorgio Armani, Gianni Versace and Gianfranco Ferré.
“Family getting larger #me #family #brigittenielsen #babybump,” one of the captions said.
Nielsen is married to 39-year-old Mattia Dessi, a producer.
Nielsen has been married five times and has four sons, according to People Magazine. Her sons are 23, 25, 28 and 34.
With a two-time Gourmand Award winning Chef at its helm, a smoking hot menu boasting of progressive South American specialities and stargazing potential, Delhi's new restaurant Nueva is a triple threat. The first restaurant in India to serve South American food in the country, Nueva is located in South Delhi's culinary hotspot Sangam Courtyard. The four-week-old, fine-dine establishment by renowned food stylist and photographer Michael Swamy allows diners to take in the lush views of Delhi's RK Puram area, distracting from its lack of a liquor license (on its way, apparently). On the extensive menu: South American classics supported by new additions from the regions's Spanish, French, Italian, Portuguese, Asian and Japanese influences like Ceviche de Camarones, Sopa Brasilena de Frijol Negro (Brazilian Black Bean Soup), Pariheula (Peruvian Fishermen's Soup), spicy mole and more. Enjoy your pan-seared Duck Confit with Chilean pear sauce, buttered-placed potatoes, pickled carrot salad and a blue cheese dressing or wallop down the La Caja de Pinturas (a decadent dessert platter of pink purple raspberry mousse, peppery lemon curd, fresh summery orange curd, decadent spicy chocolate mousse with crisp sponge biscuits). At least until they ply you silly with Peruvian piscos.
The cherry? It's got Virat Kohli‘s stamp of approval. Who needs a Michelin star anyway.
About last night at this cool new spot in delhi called 'nueva'. A picture with the super chef mr Michael swami was a must ✌️😎🔝. Loved the food and the ambience as well. Top spot. A post shared by Virat Kohli (@virat.kohli) on Mar 10, 2017 at 10:57pm PST
> More on Food
Up Next: Behind the ramp | Van Heusen + GQ Fashion Nights 2016
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The BBC today hit back at claims the award-winning iguana scene in Planet Earth 2 was faked.
The battle between an iguana and racer snakes left viewers stunned and won a Bafta for the Must-See TV Moment last year beating Ed Balls Gangnam Style dance on Strictly Come Dancing.
But fakery claims emerged after the producer behind the episode suggested the iguana making an escape to safety was one of several used in the seemingly continuous shot.
Elizabeth White told the Media Production Show on Monday: “It wasn't the same iguana no, and often we have to augment it with other clips. Unfortunately lizards, snakes and iguanas aren't good at ‘takes'.”
She added: “For continuity, it was better to crop the scenes together based off of the two cameras we had at the time to create the best possible scene.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
But the BBC said that the only other iguana featured was in “pick up shots” - such as close-ups of their eyes.
The Corporation said in a statement: “The BBC strongly refutes any suggestion that the award winning iguana vs snakes sequence was “faked”.
“The final iguana chase in which one iguana escapes the snakes was - unusually for natural history filming - shot using two cameras, allowing us to follow both the individual iguana and the snakes' point of view.
(Photo: BBC)
“What was captured in the field was extraordinary animal behaviour which had never been witnessed or filmed before.
“As is common in natural history filmmaking, pick up shots were filmed separately - for example close ups of iguana eyes - to make the story of the sequence as clear as possible for the audience.
“This is absolutely in keeping with the norms of natural history filmmaking - and absolutely in line with the BBC's editorial policy guidelines; and was a true representation of animal behaviour”
(Photo: PA)
It is not the first controversy to affect Planet Earth 2.
Last year the Mirror told how an avalanche scene in the same series, narrated by David Attenborough, included dramatic footage recycled from 10 years ago.
We discovered that one of the most impressive shots of the minute-long segment was used in the first Planet Earth series in 2006.
The next scene showed a family of grizzly bears appearing to emerge from the remnants of an avalanche before walking precariously down the slope.
Mike Gunton, the BBC1 show's executive producer, insisted bosses had been careful not to link the avalanche sequence with the story about the animals.
by
By CHRIS MACKOWIAK
Sports Editor
@cmackowiakSGSN
Drew Staedeli. Cy McNeill. Kevin Miller. Some of the recent graduated names to grace the Salisbury University men's soccer's defense over the last few seasons.
Beyond those names and the recent seasons, Salisbury has a strong tradition of stout defensive backlines and goalkeepers. In the last 10 seasons, nine have ended with Salisbury giving up less than a goal-per-game. Most of those nine were goals-against-averages in the 0.5 to 0.7 range.
This same proud defensive tradition continued into 2017. Ideally, a strong defense leads to a stronger offense, but this was just not the case.
In Salisbury's first five matches this season, the Seagulls only gave up four goals while scoring just once. On Sept. 13 after their match against Washington College, a 3-2 overtime loss, SU head coach Alex Hargrove decided to change to tweak things.
“Ultimately we weren't getting the production we needed offensively, so we made a few changes,” Hargrove said.
The team decided to completely alter their tactical formation from recent years into a 3-6-1, moving from their classic four-man backline to a three-man back line. It was a big difference at first for many of the defensive players on the squad.
It was a perfect time for Salisbury to try out something new considering their depth and reliability at the back. The goal of the new defensive shape was to get an extra attacking midfielder up field in order to spark the offense.
“You go back to the Salisbury of the early to mid-2000's and even through my era playing, there was always a bit of depth that we played with, whether you call it a back-four or a back-three, it was usually a back-three. This is just Salisbury soccer 101 again,” Hargrove said.
“We've got some players who fill those roles really well with their playing identities.”
So far, so good
On Sept. 16, it was Salisbury's first time back home since opening weekend, as they welcomed in the Misericordia Cougars, who were having scoring issues of their own. A gritty back and forth game in the first half blended into a Salisbury offensive onslaught in the second half. Sophomore midfielder Dolph Hegewisch tallied the first two goals and then from there SU took care of business 4-0 at home.
Since then, the Seagulls went on a four-match win streak including two shutouts, 12 goals scored and only two goals allowed. The offense was clicking unlike what they say in their first few matches of the season.
“It was different, but I think it fit well really for us, more so because it allowed, especially the outside backs like Alex [Eiben] and I, to be more defensive-minded and to not have to worry as much about attacking,” senior defender Nick Carrington said.
“So it really helped us to solidify the back. It has shown in the last couple of games.”
Despite a road loss to Mary Washington 2-1 on a late penalty kick, the team seems rejuvenated headed into Capital Athletic Conference (CAC) play.
“Now we look back on the past few games and we're looking at over 10 goals in that haul. Even in that loss to Washington, there were positives coming out of it from the changes we made. So I think we're comfortable with the balance we created, and the players are getting into more dangerous areas,” Hargrove said.
To make this offensive surge occur, the defensive players needed to make adjustments into a new strategy. In front of junior goalkeeper Trevor Brookhart, fans will find Carrington and sophomore defender Alex Eiben on the edges of the three-man back line.
Named a captain in 2017, Carrington has stepped into a leadership role in 2017, emerging as a starter for Hargrove at a wing back spot last season. Now with 24 career starts under his belt, the now-left center back has had a smooth change to the new position.
“It was nice. It was a little like, it took me a few practices to get there mentally, but it was nice to solely focus on defending to really help solidify and stop letting goals in to start winning some games,” Carrington said.
Following in his brother's footsteps, Eiben has solidified himself as a key player for Hargrove, displayed versatility to play both as a defensive midfielder and now as a right center back. After making only one appearance in his freshman campaign, Eiben has started in all matches this season, giving him time on the field for his game-winning overtime goal vs. Catholic.
“The first game that we started with this new formation I was a little shaky. But in these practices and last few games I think it's gone really well working back there with Michael [Kramer] and Nick,” Eiben said.
The Jefferson, Md.-native is a perfect example of sticking to your craft, working hard and capturing your opportunity. After depth blocked his chances for playing time during his freshman year, 2017 offered a chance to shine.
“He's taken his opportunity and run with it. He took the off-season and worked on a few things we asked him to. His recovery speed out there is fantastic and his distribution is miles away from where it was last year,” Hargrove said.
In the defensive midfield, two midfielders hold there to support the backline with junior Robbie Budd and senior Colby Fell. After only seeing appearances in previous games this season, Budd has started in the last two matches for Salisbury.
A regular at center back in 2016 with 13 starts, Fell has found a new role on the team in the defensive midfielder spot. Starting in the last 10 games this season, the former CCBC Essex defender does not see a huge change in his role, just playing like a center back further up the field.
“It's a lot of fun. I get to hit the ball a little bit more. It's really nice having [those three] behind me because they have very good vocalization while keeping me in check and not getting too far ahead,” Fell said.
To his head coach, Fell has proven himself to survey the field very well. Hargrove notes potential head coach characteristics in his defensive midfielder.
“Colby is probably one of our more intelligent players. His ability to communicate and organize both in-possession and out-of-possession is top-notch,” Hargrove said.
With such an intricate design and chemistry at the back, one player has to call the shots and possess the vision to do so.
Seasoned surveyors
Coming out of a three-man goalkeeper competition this preseason, Brookhart has earned his starting spot in the matches this season. The junior goalkeeper played one season with Fell at CCBC Essex before transferring over to NCAA Division III Salisbury.
In his 11 starts this season, Brookhart has allowed just 11 goals with a 0.95 goals-against-average and a 77.1 save percentage. In most sports, the goalkeeper receives most of the credit for the defensive success. While Brookhart is deserving of praise with his multi-save performances, the 2017 defensive effort is a reflection of the entire defense.
That is a defense with one man in the middle: senior center back and team captain Mike Kramer.
“He's got the best vision on the field. He's knowing what to do and where to place us. He's making my job and everyone else's job a lot easier with his leadership out of the back,” Carrington said.
The transition to a three-man backline was eased by the presence of the surveyor Kramer who has been a starting center back across his SU career from DiBartolo to now Hargrove. With 47 career starts and 58 appearances in his arsenal, Kramer has had the opportunity to learn in real-time and gain the experience to continue to lead the Salisbury defense.
A disciplined defender, Kramer has only one yellow card during his four-year tenure at Salisbury, acting as a central starter in the last three seasons. His four-year career is a reminder that the Salisbury defense is not a question mark for the Seagulls.
The chemistry among the defensive unit is something that keeps the success coming as Salisbury looks to tame each striker they face during the rest of the season. Fell, Kramer and Carrington were three of the four-player backline in 2016. Add consistent midfielder Budd and Fell's former junior college teammate to the mix and there is a cohesive defensive unit playing in the Sea Gull Soccer Stadium.
Now with Eiben as a consistent piece in the starting 11 too, the offense can focus on developing their chemistry and tactics to score while the backline group puts out the fires.
“I think it's just gritted really, trying to make sure we keep the clean sheets. We really have to give it the 100 percent. We can't give up 80 percent of the way, just finish out games and make sure we're all together as one unit,” Carrington said.
The relationship of strong defense leading to offense is one the Seagulls hope to utilize for the rest of 2017 and beyond. While fans look out onto the field and see a new backline shape, it is the same core defensive strength that SU has embraced.
“I feel like our defense is getting stronger,” Eiben said.
Advertisements
A Bristol council once printed and handed out a terrifying guide to survival in the event of a nuclear war in the 1980s – and it is far from reassuring.
The now defunct Avon County Council released the ‘Householder's Guide to Survival in Nuclear War' in March 1980, which details facts about how a nuclear explosion compared with a regular explosion, how to build a shelter in your home, tips on emergency supplies and information on warnings about nuclear attacks.
The guide was “not intended to cause alarm or to indicate that Avon County considers that nuclear war is imminent”, but the details are pretty terrifying.
In the guide's introduction, Jean Pitt, the chair of Avon County Public Protection Committee said: “This booklet has been prepared in response to public demand for information about the effects on civilians of nuclear war.
"Readers will have widely differing opinions on the moral and other issues associated with the use of nuclear weapons and preparations for defence against a nuclear.
“However, the fact remains that the County of Avon has a statutory duty to make plans to deal with a nuclear attack on this country, no matter how remote the possibility of such a catastrophe may be.”
(Image: Dave Betts)
The guide starts by pointing out that 60% of the population would survive a “serious nuclear attack on this country - if action suggested here is taken in time.”
It opens by explaining that in the event of a nuclear attack local government services are likely to have been severely disrupted, while electricity, gas, water and sewage treatment will be cut off.
The Cold War
At the time the guide was released, tensions between the Soviet Union and western nations including Britain and the US were high.
Following the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan the year before, the threat of nuclear war increased and people grew concerned about the possibilities of such a war breaking out.
In 1980, a similar guide was produced by Margaret Thatcher's government called 'Protect and Survive' which advised people to brick up windows and remove handles from toilet cisterns.
What is different about a nuclear explosion? 'A brilliant flash'
According to the guide released in Bristol: “The explosion of a nuclear weapon is a much more complex chemical process than one using conventional explosives and vastly more energy is released.
"The point of the explosion is known as Ground Zero. There is a brilliant flash, a huge fireball, a devastating blast wave and dust may be sucked up from the ground and deposited over a large area of the countryside and towns.”
How to make a shelter in your home
The survival booklet also puts together some helpful, if scary, advice on how to build a shelter, including removing flammable items from upstairs rooms, painting windows with emulsion paint and deciding on a safe room.
A safe room was said to be a place for your shelter where you can stay for up to 14 days without leaving it.
Emergency supplies
The emergency supplies recommended are water, food, a radio so you know when it is safe to leave the house and clothing, enough to last 14 days.
(Image: Dave Betts)
Also included in the supplies were cooking equipment, torches, toilet articles, an emergency toilet, first aid kit and of course toys and magazines.
Warning of an attack
There were three types of warning from an attack in 1980 - air attack, radioactive fallout and the all clear.
Each of these warnings had its own distinct signal. An air attack warning was a siren sounding in a rising and falling note. The radioactive fallout warning was three loud bangs, or maroons or blasts on whistles in quick succession. The all clear was sirens sounding a steady note.
In conclusion
The conclusion of the booklet says there is a lot you can do to protect yourself in a nuclear war, particularly against “the dreaded radioactive fallout.”
It also says you should not leave your home and try to evacuate to another part of the country- all very reassuring indeed.
A hometown hero traded his football cleats for sneakers so he could give back to his community.
You're used to seeing Lamarr Woodley on the football field, but instead he came home to show off his basketball skills.
His foundation and Great Purpose of Saginaw joined forces for their second annual 3-on-3 Streetball Championship at Vet's Park.
Dozens of teams came out for their chance at the championship title, but this tournament is about more than competition. In a group effort, organizers hope to get kids out of the house during their summer break and get their hands on basketballs.
The idea came from Saginaw's lack of outdoor activities for kids and education funding. All proceeds made go back into the players for college scholarships, while putting a positive spin back into streetball.
"Anything can be done so that's the main thing too to get not only just kids but family members coming out of the house and walking and seeing that it can be done we can be out here without violence and we can just have fun,” said founder Demarcus Laury.
Hundreds from the community came out to enjoy the action and support their players - win or lose.
"We've lost, but it's fun, you know, playing with everybody's experience, playing with older girls, it's fun,” Au'marrion Jones-Pruitt said.
That's exactly what Woodley had in mind for years to come.
"A third year! Oh, definitely a third year. I think you know watching it from last year to this year it's gotten bigger so I can only imagine what it'll look like next year,” he said.
The scholarships start out small, but with growth of the tournament comes growth of his player's educations.
"Hopefully we get more and more teams to get more and more donations and we can have more scholarships,” Laury said.
The winners of the tournament took home brand-new Jordan shoes and backpacks, so they'll look extra nice on their first day back to school.
EL PASO, Texas - Another mostly dry, hot day in store for the Sun City. There will be a chance for isolated thunderstorms around the area mountains-- Otero and eastern Hudspeth Counties. Wind gusts to 40-45 mph and brief heavy rains possible with some of these storms. Triple-digit temperatures will impact most lowland locations through the 4th of July holiday; with a slight chance for showers. Increased rain chances expected for the remainder of the week and weekend.
Pupils prepared for Mother's Day in style at Edisford Primary School in Clitheroe with the KS2 Young Enterprise Endeavours group running a highly successful Mother's Day sale.
Each term, a mixed age group of Year Three to Six pupils experience all aspects of setting up a company. This includes product development, market research, financial budgeting, purchasing, advertising and sales.
It was a hive of activity at the Mother's Day sale.
A range of handcrafted gifts were produced including wish bracelets, chocolate gift boxes, succulent plant pots, mosaic candleholders and string art decorative frames. The sale was enthusiastically received by the school's pupils and all three companies rapidly sold out of goods.
The school's Endeavour Awards scheme is innovative and unique and equips children from Year One to Year Six with essential life skills, such as organisation, confidence, persistence, emotional resilience and getting along skills. Junior badges are awarded in Adventure, Naturalist, Music, People Skills and Young Enterprise and the weekly sessions are much anticipated by pupils and staff alike.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Shane Lynch came third this evening during tonight's Celebrity Big Brother grand final.
The former Boyzone star, 41, beat Jess Impiazzi and Wayne Sleep to be awarded the bronze medal this evening.
This means that either Ann Widdecombe or Shane Jenek/ Courtney Act will be crowned the winner.
Former boyband singer Shane has remained very calm all series and hasn't lost his cool with any of his housemates.
(Image: WireImage)
(Image: Channel 5)
Speaking to host Emma Willis tonight, he admitted that he had told his wife not to come to the final - however she had ignored him and was there to support him.
He insisted that Ann and Courtney Act were the right final two.
Shane also spoke about being chilled in the house, which he said was important because there were so many "big characters" in the house.
He also chatted about understanding Ann Widdecombe and insisted that it took a while to understand her sense of humour.
After the interview, Shane strolled over to give his partner a big embrace and was clearly happy to see her.
Who will win the crown - Ann or Courtney?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 12-year-old boy and four teenagers have been arrested over a potentially fatal attack on a man who was beaten with metal bars.
The victim, 29, was bludgeoned by several attackers before being left unconscious and bleeding from the head, police said.
He was found in Chinley Avenue, Moston, Greater Manchester, at around 9pm on Saturday and is now fighting for his life in hospital with a serious head injury.
Greater Manchester Police said the man appeared to have been set upon with sticks and metal bars by his assailants, who then fled the area.
Five boys - one aged 12, two aged 14, one 15-year-old and one 17-year-old - were arrested on suspicion of assault alongside a 32-year-old man, police said.
Detective Chief Inspector Andrew Cunliffe said: "This is a serious attack which has left a man with potentially fatal or life-changing injuries.
(Photo: Getty)
"We know that an incident occurred on nearby Bluestone Road and this has continued on to Chinley Avenue, where the attack itself took place.
"We now have people in custody in relation to this assault, but that should not prevent witnesses coming forward and telling us what they saw.
"I have placed extra patrols in the area and we have a dedicated team of detectives working on this investigation, hopefully with the help of the community.
"Any information could be vital to the investigation and if you believe you saw any of the build-up to the attack, either on Bluestone Road or Chinley Avenue, or the attack itself, then please contact police as a matter of urgency."
Anyone with information should call 101 quoting incident number 150417/2054 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal 'had their dreams come true' when Manchester United snapped up Alexis Sanchez after most in football believed he was bound for rival's Man City.
A reunion between Pep Guardiola and the Chilean was considered a done deal but Sanchez's wage demands and Arsenal's asking price saw the Premier League leaders bow out.
When United came knocking and offered up Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Arsenal had the wantaway forward off their hands and a talent they rated highly on his way to the Emirates.
Late interest from Chelsea only seemed to advance proceedings between United and the Gunners.
(Image: Getty)
The left everyone but City pleased with the outcome, according to former Liverpool managing director Christian Purslow, who says the Etihad club have every reason to feel betrayed.
"I think everyone thought that was a done deal [to Manchester City],” former Reds managing director Purslow told Sky Sports .
"We will never quite know the sequence of events that led to that potential transaction winding away into a United purchase.
"It has the look from the outside, I don't know this to be true, that Arsenal out of nowhere had their dreams come true.
(Image: REUTERS)
"Rather than being in a unilateral discussion with City taking their best player nearly on a free they had a little auction going when Mourinho and Antonio Conte both spoke up in early January that actually getting Sanchez was a once in a generation opportunity to buy a top player for not much money down.
"I think Arsenal suddenly had a little auction going. I suspect when Sanchez's agent said to Manchester City's executive team you might have to improve my deal up a bit because United are here - that [would have] felt like a breach in trust.
(Image: AMA/Getty)
"They thought they had a handshake deal at best. I bet they were very angry about that and I suspect they thought actually let's walk away from this deal leaving Manchester United to sweep him up.
"Brilliant outcome for United, pretty good outcome for Arsenal on balance but I suspect not a very happy camp at City around the way that deal was conducted."
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
After being rejected for love on The Bachelorette AND The Bachelor In Paradise you would think you would be done with reality TV.
But not for Chad Johnson - the American reality star who clearly must love being on camera.
He is one of the stars of Celebrity Big Brother 2017's summer series - which is no doubt going to make him a true reality show king.
But who exactly is Chad Johnson? Here is everything you need to know about the reality TV star…
Who is Chad Johnson and where is he from?
(Image: ABC)
Chad Johnson is an American reality star born on 11 August 1987 in Oklahoma.
Before reality star fame, he attended the University of Oklahoma and also served as a U.S. Marine.
His current career is in ‘Luxury Retail' - although he also declares himself “The World's Greatest Man” on social media.
Why is Chad Johnson famous?
In 2016, Chad wowed audiences on the 12th season of America's hit reality dating show The Bachelorette - but was regarded as the show ‘villain'.
After failing to secure the heart of Joelle ‘JoJo' Fletcher, he tried to have better luck on The Bachelor in Paradise - but was kicked off the show after being involved in aggressive confrontations. CBB contestants 2017
His car-crash relationship life led to an appearance on US reality romance show Famously Single which aired in 2017 - but his date (Dancing With The Stars' Karina Smirnoff) brands him ‘self-absorbed'.
Remember a few days ago when Carrie Underwood admitted on Twitter that she got pulled over for speeding? Well, “Inside Edition“ got the dashcam video from the Brentwood, Tennessee police department.
Nothing crazy goes down, it's just interesting to see what happens when a superstar gets pulled over. The officer walks up to the car and asks, “What's the big hurry?” She answers honestly. Quote, “I wasn't even paying attention. I know that's no excuse.”
Advertisers Say The Influential Male Demographic Is Waning
Men between the ages of 18 and 34 have been a key demographic for marketers for years. That's starting to change, say some marketing experts, who say the economic fortunes of these men have declined.
MICHEL MARTIN, HOST:
OK, let's stay on the Super Bowl for a minute. Even with all the recent debate about the sport, tomorrow's game is certain to have a huge audience, and because of that, so will the ads. That's why the ads - creating them, watching them, rating them - is almost a sport of its own. And no doubt you will see many aimed at 18-to-34-year-old males. It used to be thought that they have an outsized influence on purchasing decisions but no longer. Charles Lane from member station WSHU reports that many advertisers have been noticing a shift.
CHARLES LANE, BYLINE: Gareth Evans is a market researcher for Flamingo, a London-based company that researches fashion trends. And about a year ago, he was running a focus group.
GARETH EVANS: Quite regular, quite sporty guys - and rather than talking to me about soccer players, basketball players, they were really switched on to a number of kind of female style influences.
LANE: He looked at their Instagram feeds and saw that these guys weren't influenced by other men but women.
EVANS: When I step back and look at the male 18-to-34 demographic, I see a lessening of their ability to influence.
LANE: He took these findings to his data team. They said what's really happening is that the power of certain groups, like young men, is being diluted by the proliferation of new age and gender brackets online. Flamingo isn't the only research group seeing this, major brands are too. Lucas Galan runs data forensics at Flamingo.
LUCAS GALAN: Today, corporations are no longer coming to us and saying, we want to target males 18 to 34. That's very anachronistic.
LANE: These changes are happening at a time when women are graduating from college at higher rates than men and when traditionally-male jobs, especially those in manufacturing, are harder to find. Scott McDonald heads The Advertising Research Foundation.
SCOTT MCDONALD: You kind of have a shift in the occupational structure of the country that corresponds with some segments of the male population losing their buying power.
LANE: But overall, McDonald is skeptical that men 18 to 34 are less influential in advertising. He says there's not much research available. Also, he says, the 18 to 34 age group will continue to be important because of its sheer size. Millennials outnumber even baby boomers. Slaine Jenkins is a market researcher for Insight Strategy Group. She says it's not that males 18 to 34 are less influential, it's that as advertising dollars shift online, traditional demographics are less important. Advertisers these days are more interested in a consumer's past behavior and psychological makeup.
SLAINE JENKINS: In market research, we've seen a great need to explore influence beyond demographics and really dig into the psychographics to understand audiences and their behaviors.
LANE: Instead of breaking consumers up by age or gender, companies are targeting values and passions. Big data sets of past purchases, Internet searches, GPS locations - these give companies a scalpel instead of a sledgehammer in order to find their customers. But there is a downside to these more highly-targeted advertisements. Chris Jackson is a pollster for the market research company Ipsos.
CHRIS JACKSON: That's sort of this sort of narrow, this is the view they have of you from your online behavior. But who knows if that's actually the totality of your life or your experience?
LANE: For example, political junkies who mostly visit news sites might miss out on major cultural trends, while fashionistas on Instagram risk never seeing political ads. For NPR News, I'm Charles Lane.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In case Uber wasn't embroiled in enough scandal, it has now emerged that the taxi-hailing app is able to secretly record activity on iPhone users' screens - even if it's only running in the background.
Sudo Security Group researcher Will Strafach claims that Uber is able to monitor everything iPhone users do on their mobile devices - including entering passwords and viewing private pictures.
This entitlement is rarely granted to app developers, and Uber would have had to gain permission directly from Apple in order to implement it, according to Strafach.
Strafach described the situation as "totally unprecedented”, claiming it was "very unusual" for Apple to grant such a permission.
(Image: REUTERS/Jason Reed)
"It looks like no other third-party developer has been able to get Apple to grant them a private sensitive entitlement of this nature," he told Gizmodo .
"Considering Uber's past privacy issues I am very curious how they convinced Apple to allow this."
Uber claims the feature - which could theoretically have allowed the company to spy on customers' sensitive personal data - is not in use and will be removed.
"This API was only used for a short period of time on an old version of our Apple Watch app," a spokesperson for the company told Mirror Online.
"It enabled the app to run the memory-intensive rendering of maps on the iPhone and then send the image to the Watch app. It was never used for any other purpose and has been nonfunctional in our code for quite some time.
"The memory limitation of Apple Watch was fixed by subsequent updates in the OS and we've issued an update to our app to remove the API completely."
The news comes in the middle of Uber's negotiations with Transport for London over its future in the British capital.
Last month, TfL stripped Uber of its licence to operate in London, claiming the company was "not fit and proper to hold a private hire operator licence".
(Image: AFP/Getty Images)
In a public statement , TfL listed several reasons for its decision, including Uber's approach to reporting serious criminal offences, and how medical certificates are obtained.
It also cited Uber's approach to explaining the use of Greyball - a piece of software used to identify individuals and preventing them from accessing all the features of the app.
Uber is challenging TfL's decision in the courts , and will continue to operate in London until any appeal processes have been exhausted.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A ban on petrol cars and delivery vans entering the "historic core" of a university city is being weighed up by authorities.
Cambridge City Council chiefs said it needed a 'hard look' at measures which aim to stop polluting vehicles being driven in the city centre and encourage more drivers to switch to electric ones.
Labour council leader Lewis Herbert suggested a ban on some motors entering the city's famed Market Square after Lib Dem opposition chiefs called for a London-style congestion charge, Cambridge News reports.
Cllr Herbert said Cambridge would be a better city if fewer vehicles had access to the city centre and suggested petrol-driven cars and delivery vehicles could be restricted.
(Image: Image Source)
(Image: Cambridge City Council)
He said: "I think, whenever there are changes proposed in the city centre, there is opposition at the time, but I think everybody realises that by reducing people's ability to drive through the historic core, we are making it a better city.
“We would like to look harder at areas like Market Square. We do need, in 2018, to have a public dialogue about whether to stop cars coming in.
"We need to look at how to reduce the impact of delivery vehicles, we need to switch them over to clean, electric operators.”
The remarks come after the council's Lib Dem leader, Cllr Tim Bick, called for a congestion charge in the city centre.
(Image: Moment RF)
Speaking at the council meeting on December 6, Cllr Bick said: “Not only does that sort of measure have the capacity to give us a source of revenue to uplift public transport, but also, you need a measure of demand management to allow public transport to get through.”
“I agree with Cllr Bick,” added Cllr Herbert. We need to look hard at options to cut vehicles at peak times. It is important to help us improve air quality.”
At the same meeting, Chris Tunstall, transport director for the Greater Cambridge Partnership, said the majority of cars in the city are diesel cars - and air quality is becoming a real issue.
He said the GCP is looking at putting in a “clean air zone” and electric buses.
The January transfer window is just a matter of weeks away and Europe's biggest teams are getting set to enter the market.
Winter business can be completed from January 1 and close at 11pm on the last day of the month as clubs bid to plug the gaps in their squad.
Arsenal appeared to leave their business unfinished at the end of the summer and could be particularly active in the new year.
The Gunners failed with a deadline day move for Thomas Lemar but could return, while Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez will be the subject of interest from clubs around the continent.
Manchester United, meanwhile, are reported to be stepping up their efforts to sign Tottenham's Danny Rose.
Stick with us and we'll bring you all the latest on every deal from the Premier League and beyond...
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," she says. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example he and his colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, he notes.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," she says. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," she adds. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
Railways' Zane Marwick on his way to an unbeaten 94.
Railways' Zane Marwick on his way to an unbeaten 94. Picture: Laurie Benson
Railways produced another terrific performance with the ball to secure their eighth A-grade grand final appearance in the past nine seasons after ripping through Manypeaks in Saturday's second semifinal at Turf North.
The Tigers, chasing a fifth successive Albany Cricket Association A-grade title, were sent in to bat and set a difficult target for Peaks to chase on the back of heroics from captain Zane Marwick.
Marwick's unbeaten 94 was the highlight of the first innings before the bowlers guided the Tigers to next week's decider.
Since 2009-10, the Tigers have appeared in every A-grade decider bar one, with the 2012-13 season their only blemish when North County defeated Collingwood Park.
Manypeaks' Warwick Durack bowls as Railways' Zane Marwick backs up.
Their staggering run of grand finals will continue after a comfortable 63-run win, with veterans Tim Edmunds and Ryan Tindale and unheralded slow bowler Jack Richards doing the damage.
That trio finished with two wickets each as Peaks were bowled out for 116 in reply, losing 5-12 at the end as the Tigers quickly wrapped things up.
Manypeaks' Harry Broomhall.
Marwick was delighted with his side's effort with the ball again, leading them into a fifth-straight decider.
“The bowlers deserve a lot of credit — again on the weekend they stood up and stuck to what they know,” Marwick said.
“Winning the first final is the ideal way to go. You don't have that extra stress and we can sit back and watch (on Sunday).
“Its important in a big final for one of the top four or five to bat for the whole innings so it was nice for me to do that, but it doesn't matter who it is as long as we build partnerships and get contributions down the order.”
Railways players get together after taking a wicket.
Needing a big effort with the bat to upset the Tigers, Aran Tilbury fell in the third over after being bowled by Nathan Crudeli and Harry Broomhall edged Ryan Tindale's first delivery on nine.
Peaks were then 3-45 in the 20th over after opener Ryan Kinnear was run out on 13, and when Myles O'Meehan and Warwick Durack fell in consecutive overs, they slumped to 5-66.
Captain Craig Sinclair fought hard at the other end as he combined with Wade Anning for a 38-run stand, but in the space of two balls their hard work was undone.
Anning was run out by Edmunds on 21 and the next ball Sinclair tried to hoick a ball out of the ground and ballooned a catch to Edmunds on 38.
With the two set batsmen gone, Peaks crumbled under the increasing pressure, Edmunds returning 2-14 as he took the final wicket, while Tindale (2-20) and Richards (2-24) were also important.
Manypeaks' Craig Sinclair reaches for a wide ball.
Earlier, Marwick made his biggest score of the season, hitting seven boundaries in his 94 runs from 147 balls to anchor the Tigers' innings.
The Tigers conjured partnerships throughout but were in a delicate position at 3-58 approaching drinks after Mitch Green and Crudeli had departed.
Marwick and Alan Pietersen (16 not out) shared in a vital 61-run seventh-wicket stand that helped their side reach 6-179.
San Antonio police investigators surround a Dodge Charger in the parking lot of AllStars Gentleman's Club, where an off-duty police officer was shot six times after a road rage incident. WOAI Video screenshot
Two shale gas companies and their executives are on a database launched today which aims to reveal lobbying in favour of fossil fuels and against climate change action.
The database, from the website DeSmog UK, is designed to be a live log of activities and actions by key players who are said to be “pushing climate science denial and disinformation”.
The almost 70 entries include Cuadrilla and INEOS, companies behind shale gas exploration plans in northern England and the East Midlands, along with their executives, Francis Egan and Jim Ratcliffe.
DeSmog said the database was intended to help the public, journalists, researchers and policymakers check who they are dealing with on climate science and policy.
It gives background on companies and individuals, their connections, stance on climate change, quotes on energy and climate issues and climate lobbying activity.
DeSmog said today:
“Despite the UK posturing as a climate change leader on the global stage, there remain many issues on which it needs to move further, faster, if the government is to meet its own high standards. “Behind each climate policy failure is a network of politicians, corporate lobbyists and shadowy think tanks pushing to preserve the fossil-fuelled status quo.”
DeSmog said many of the actors in the database were connected through funding, business relationships, personal connections and ideological origins. These links are portrayed on an updated map.
Industry section of the DeSmog UK map of key players
What the database says about shale gas
Cuadrilla
The database describes Cuadrilla as being “at the vanguard of efforts to exploit Britain's shale gas resources”.
It charts the progress of the company's planning applications in Lancashire for shale gas exploration.
It also includes Cuadrilla's efforts to change rules to suit its activities, revealed in a DeSmog UK investigation.
During the summer, vehicles making deliveries to Cuadrilla's Preston New Road shale gas site near Blackpool deviated from the preferred route more than 100 times. This week, the company is seeking to bring deliveries into the site outside agreed times. It has also sought to remove the chair of the Preston New Road Community Liaison Group, who it described as not suitably impartial.
Francis Egan
DeSmog lists public statements and actions by Cuadrilla's chief executive, Francis Egan, related to climate change.
They include his appearance in front of a House of Lords committee when Mr Egan said fracking could be “squared” with the UK's emissions reduction goals, that it was “remarkably difficult” to get through planning processes to the point of production, and that UK shale gas would largely be competing with imported US liquefied natural gas at around $6 per unit.
INEOS
INEOS describes itself as “the biggest player in the UK shale gas industry. It has partnerships with other UK shale gas companies, including IGas. In November, it was granted a wide-ranging injunction against anti-fracking protesters although two campaigners have said they are seeking an appeal against it.
The database includes the quote by INEOS Shale's operations director, Tom Pickering, that Scotland's decision to ban fracking “beggars belief”.
It also refers to accusations made in April 2017 by Friends of the Earth that the INEOS group was exploiting an opportunity in Brexit to seek further exemptions from environmental regulations.
Also on the database is a meeting in April 2015 between INEOS and Scotland's first minister, Nicola Sturgeon, on the day the original moratorium on Scottish fracking was announced. A month earlier, according to the database, INEOS and IGas agreed a £30m deal to expand fracking operations in England.
Jim Ratcliffe
Mr Ratcliffe, co-founder and majority owner of INEOS, described shale gas as a “saviour” of the UK economy.
The database said:
“He is known for his aggressive pursuit of industrial assets in the UK, including the Grangemouth petrochemical plant and refinery, Forties pipeline and fracking licences.”
On hearing that Ratcliffe's INEOS was set to purchase the Forties pipeline from BP, an industry insider told Scotland's Daily Record:
“Holy sh*t. This would be like giving a monkey a machete … Letting Jim Ratcliffe loose on all the operators who feed into that pipeline is a dangerous, dangerous ploy.”
Map of connections on the DeSmog database. (Source: DeSmog UK)
In 2013, in a comment for the Daily Telegraph, Jim Ratcliffe accuses unions of intimidation, running counter to the values of society, in which freedom of speech is cherished.
In 2017, INEOS Shale sought an interim national injunction against anti-fracking protests to its activities.
https://www.globalresearch.ca/fracking-companies-feature-on-new-climate-disinformation-database/5622364
Byron Webster has suffered cruciate knee ligament damage – with the Millwall defender facing months on the sidelines.
The centre-back underwent surgery yesterday and Lions boss Neil Harris described it as “a huge bonus” if he is back before the end of the Championship campaign.
Webster has been first-choice in central defence alongside Shaun Hutchinson.
It is the second major injury setback for Millwall in the space of a couple of weeks as midfielder Shaun Williams is not expected back until the end of 2017 after suffering a knee ligament injury.
Harris told the club's website: “This is a major disappointment, first and foremost for Byron, whose form at the start of this season has been outstanding.
“As well, it is of course a disappointment for the group. However, we will grow stronger because of it. Others will now have to step up in Byron's place and take their opportunity.
“We don't want to put a definitive timescale on his recovery but it will be long-term. Seeing Byron back before the end of the season would be a huge bonus.”
HOUSTON – Houston's Third Ward is getting younger, richer more diverse and for long-time residents harder to afford. Property taxes four times what it cost 15 years ago have people begging for affordable housing. Still, some remain leery of one of the few being built in the city.
On Cleburne near Highway 288, construction on two corners will bring half-million dollar condos and low-rent apartments with a health clinic and fitness center. The apartment complex is designed to be lesbian, gay, bi and transgender friendly but open for all people over 62-years-old who meet income guidelines.
“It's a good thing but is it going to be inclusive of us,” Shona Jordan, a homeowner said.
Some neighbors doubt there is room for people currently living in their community.
“I'm concerned about the neighbors that have been here for over 20, 30 years,” Jordan said.
According to Houston Neighborhoods statistics, since 2000 Houston's age 65+ population grew. The number of people making $100,000 and property values inside the loop did too.
Jordan sees plenty of people priced out. Finding affordable housing is a citywide issue that hurts Montrose Center clients too. Several complained to the center's director that they were turned away from certain complexes that do not allow unmarried partners to be roommates.
So five years ago the center began collecting private and public financial support. They searched for land. Eventually, they took a donated lot in Third Ward.
“I can't tell you how many seniors that have seen the drawings or have heard me talk and they come up to me and say when is it going to happen,” Ann Robison, executive director of the Montrose Center said. “They're really excited.”
Skeptics challenged Robison in a civic club meeting where she promised that the coming complex is for all qualified seniors. Doubt remains, though.
“We're not running away,” Robison said. “We're going to operate it and run it for the long run.”
The City of Houston received $1.5 billion in relief assistance from HUD earlier this year. Most of that money is earmarked for affordable housing.
© 2018 KHOU
Theresa May is set to make a statement at Downing Street this morning.
The subject of this unscheduled announcement is not yet known but statements are usually reserved for major issues.
There has been some speculation that the Prime Minister could be set to announce an early general election.
It comes as Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is set to make a statement this afternoon on Syria and North Korea.
She is due to make her statement at 11.15am - stay with us for the latest updates and reaction.
Until then, we will be rounding up some of the speculation on social media, and it's fair to say some of it is rather light-hearted.
Can the Prime Minister call a General Election now?
As things stand, the next General Election is expected to take place on Thursday, May 7 2020.
The Fixed-term Parliaments Act 2011 provides that parliamentary general elections take place every five years on the first Thursday in May.
The Act also contains two provisions that could trigger an earlier election other than at five-year intervals.
The last general election was almost two years ago, on Thursday, May 7, 2015.
If an earlier general election is triggered the Act does not state that the election has to be held on a Thursday.
Before the Fixed-term Parliaments Act 2011 the Prime Minister could choose any weekday for a general election, according to a fixed electoral timetable.
Technically, Theresa May can call an election, despite parliaments now having a fixed term of five years.
But to do so she would have to either repeal the Fixed-term Parliaments act, call a vote of no-confidence in her own government (requiring a simple 50%+1 majority in the House of Commons) or she could call an early election if 2/3 of MPs agreed to back the call.
A file photo of external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj. Photo: Sonu Mehta/HT
New Delhi: The Indian government has declared 39 Indians, who were reported missing in Iraq since June 2014, dead.
The development was confirmed by minister for external affairs Sushma Swaraj, in a statement made in Parliament on Tuesday.
HEGINS — Twin brothers Brayden and Hunter Fetterolf, 5, of Pitman, staked out their positions early along Main Street in Hegins on Wednesday. Hunter wants to be a firefighter and Brayden, a police officer. Both love to see tractors, they said. They came to the first night of the Hegins Valley Fire Rescue Firemen's Carnival and parade with their grandparents, Rick and Janet Fetterolf, and sat on the edge of their lawn chairs, waiting for the action to begin.
The parade didn't disappoint, offering fire engines, cop cars and even a purple tractor.
At least 40 fire trucks from companies in Schuylkill, Dauphin and Northumberland counties participated, and there were 20 to 30 floats entered as part of the 1 and 1/2-hour long parade through Main and Chestnut streets, Chad Richards, HVFR vice president, said.
Tiffani Geist, Jonestown, returned to the area to watch the parade with her grandfather, Donald Stiely, Rough and Ready. Geist's younger brother, Kenny Morgan, was a driver in the parade for the Palmer Reed dealership, she said. Stiely has been a lifelong fan of the event.
“I haven't missed a parade for years and I try to make all of them. You can't work all of the time,” Stiely said. Geist said her grandfather's favorite treats are the Goetze's caramel cream candies that are thrown during the parade. “He always picks out those,” she said.
Lisa Miller attended the parade with her son, Logan, 12. Miller, of Sacramento, waited along Chestnut Street where a relative resides. She said she likes to support the fire companies and enjoys the food offered. “We'll go to the Klingerstown Firemen's Carnival, too,” she said. Logan said he used to be in the parade, when he was part of the Tri-Valley Black T-ball team.
“It looks great for a Wednesday night,” Richards said of the crowd that gathered at the concession and game stands in Hegins Park following Wednesday's parade. DJ Dan Poletti provided the musical entertainment.
The carnival continues through Saturday at Hegins Park. Thursday night's entertainment will be by the band Deuce. Sapphire will provide musical entertainment from 7 to 11 p.m. Friday. Friday night is also “Family Night,” which means one-price rides all night long for the kids.
Saturday's fun will begin at 3 p.m. and will include a karaoke DJ. The carnival will conclude with fireworks provided by Bixler's Pyrotechnics, Ashland.
HVFR still welcomes volunteers to assist at the food and game stands. Anyone willing to help can call Richards at 570-985-3714.
Winners of the parade include: Most functional engine, 1st, Defender Hose; 2nd, Schuylkill Hose Company, Schuylkill Haven; Most functional rescue, 1st, Elizabethville; 2nd Tremont; Brush, 1st, Berrysburg; 2nd, North End Fire Company; Tanker, 1st, Herndon; 2nd, Lavelle; Specialty Unit, 1st, Wiconisco; 2nd, Shartlesville, Berks County; Ladder, 1st, Minersville Fire Rescue; 2nd, North End Fire Company; Piece, Schuylkill Hose Company, Schuylkill Haven; KME, Elizabethville; Firefighters on truck, New Minersville; and Best Overall Company, Joliett.
Contact the writer: ; 570-628-6007
Scott Richmond, a former Toronto Blue Jays pitcher, is playing for the Fubon Guardians of the Chinese Professional Baseball League this year. Over the weekend Richmond made a pretty awesome play as he fielded a ground ball back to the mound while falling down and then threw out a runner from his back.
This isn't the first time Richmond's foreign exploits have found their way back to American sports blogs. Last year he made a spectacular no-look catch on a line drive to start a double-play. It's nice that things seem to have turned around for Richmond on his overseas journey.
A young girl devastated by her grandfather's cancer diagnosis came up with a plan to help fund the cure.
"I have multiple myeloma, which is a blood cancer like lymphoma or leukemia, but it's considered terminal," said Craig Finkbeiner, cancer patient.
Although there is no cure, the Midland resident has hope. His family is in his corner, but his 9-year-old granddaughter has a hand in the fight.
The fourth grade entrepreneur set up shop at her school's craft fair. She used her special skills to make duct tape flowers to sell to raise money for research for her grandfather's disease.
"It's important to me because then they can find cures and the people with cancer can get better," Kari Graebner said.
It's an effort that makes her mother Stephanie Ackerman very proud.
"This was all her idea. She just has a really good heart," Ackerman said.
Kari's effort means the world to Finkbeiner.
"It means a lot to see her take the initiative and come up with something like this," he said.
Her efforts didn't end with the craft show. Kari said she wants duct tape for Christmas so she can keep making those flowers and raising money in hopes of finding a cure.
"It would actually mean a lot if I got duct tape. Then I could make more, sell more and donate more," Kari said.
If you would like to help her out you can mail and donations or duct tape to 2320 S. Schreiber Road, Midland.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
On November 6, Meek Mill was sentenced to two to four years in prison for a probation violation (he got into a fight at St. Louis Lambert International Airport in March 2017). The 30-year-old rapper had been on probation since he was 21 years old after being convicted on gun and drug charges. He said about the probation, “It was always a thought in the back of my mind that 10 years of probation would bring me back to prison.”
Common Pleas Court Judge Genece E. Brinkley, who is a Black woman, has been heavily criticized for her handling of Meek's case. She has insisted Meek remain in jail and allegedly asked the rapper for personal favors — she reportedly wanted him to make a song in honor of her, and when the rapper declined, he received a harsher sentence. Judge Brinkley has denied all allegations and hired a lawyer to defend herself.
Now, a Pennsylvania high court has overturned Brinkley's ruling. According to CBS, “Rapper Meek Mill will be released from prison Tuesday, his lawyer Brian McMonagle told CBS News. McMonagle said the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has ordered the rapper's immediate release.”
According to the PA Supreme Court's official order, TMZ reports, “The justices cited the alleged corrupt police officer who served as a ‘critical witness' in Meek's original gun and drugs case as a crucial point in their decision to order his bail. It also said prosecutors were not opposed to him being released, and sided with them.”
Co-owner of the Philadelphia 76ers basketball team Michael Rubin will reportedly pick up Meek Mill from prison. He has been one of Mill's strongest advocates and visited him several times in jail.
Meek already posted on Twitter:
I'd like to thank God, my family, and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time. While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
To the Philly District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice. I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
Meek will reportedly be a free man within the hour.
SEE ALSO:
One-Step Forward, 10 Steps Back: San Francisco's First Black Woman Mayor Unseated By Rich White Man
Jada Speaks Out For Mo'Nique And The Comedian Has More Thoughts On Amy Schumer's Success
Also On The Chicago Defender:
Jarring as it may have been to see Texans quarterback Tom Savage lying on the ground with his hands twitching after a brutal hit in the end zone, what happened moments later was every bit as disturbing.
Savage came back onto the field.
The NFL's concussion protocol came under heavy criticism after it failed Savage on Sunday in Houston's 26-16 loss to the 49ers. Only after Savage briefly returned to the game did the medical crew determine that the quarterback did, indeed, have a concussion and remove him from the game.
The fact that Savage was allowed back in after being thrown to the ground by Elvis Dumervil of the 49ers — his hands twitching as he laid directly underneath referee John Hussey — will lead to more questions this week about how the NFL handles head trauma. The NFL requires two trained spotters in the press box, a team doctor and an unaffiliated neurotrauma consultant on the sideline to help diagnose concussions.
Advertisement
“They try and make the best decision for the player,” Texans coach Bill O'Brien said.
More to the point was this from Chris Nowinski , a longtime critic of the NFL's handling of concussions: “Disgusted that the Houston Texans allowed Tom Savage to return to the game after two plays after showing these horrifying concussion signs (is that a seizure?) after a head impact,” Nowinski tweeted.
In case you missed it, here are the other top topics after the NFL season's 14th Sunday:
BIG WIN, BIGGER LOSS: The Eagles clinched the NFC East with a 43-35 win over the Rams, but may have lost quarterback Carson Wentz to a knee injury in the process. Wentz took Mark Barron's helmet to his left knee while diving into the end zone for a touchdown that was called back because of a holding penalty. Wentz is scheduled to have an MRI on Monday to evaluate the severity of the injury. Two people familiar with the injury told Associated Press that Wentz tore his ACL and would be out for the season. The people did not want their names used because they were not authorized to discuss the injury. Other QBs hurt Sunday were Marcus Mariota of the Titans (knee) and Josh McCown of the Jets (hand).
BIG BEN: Ben Roethlisberger became the first quarterback to throw for 500 yards in three games and the Steelers, after squandering an early 14-point lead, rallied from 11 down for a 39-38 win over Baltimore. Roethlisberger's numbers: 44 for 66 for 506 yards and two touchdowns. Roethlisberger's previous 500-yard games came in 2014 (522 yards vs. Colts) and 2009 (503 vs. Packers).
SNOW DAY: Snowball fight! On a day like this, Bills linebacker Ryan Davis could hardly resist. Davis scooped up handfuls of the white stuff and started pelting teammates to celebrate a sack. It was one of dozens of must-see moments from Buffalo's 13-7 overtime win over Indianapolis that will be remembered for one thing: snow. Fans built snowmen in the stands, players did snow angels on the field and all 11 members of the Colts special teams — plus some sideline personnel who were later removed from the field by officials — had to kick away piles of ankle-high snow to clear a spot for Adam Vinatieri to try the game-tying extra point late in the fourth quarter.
WALK-OFF WIN: Davante Adams closed out Green Bay's comeback win over the Browns in style. After catching the pass from Brett Hundley and spinning away, he scooted into the end zone, then kept right on running into the tunnel . Final score: Green Bay 27, Cleveland 21. It was Green Bay's second straight overtime win and it kept the Packers alive in the playoff hunt, at 7-6, with Aaron Rodgers rounding into health and possibly available to return next week. Oh, and poor Cleveland found yet another way to lose. The Browns led 21-7 with 13 minutes left, but fell to 0-13.
FINE TIME: The NFL might be getting into some Seahawks' wallets this week. The Jaguars were taking a knee after icing their 30-24 win over Seattle, but Seahawks defensive tackle Michael Bennett dived at center Brandon Linder's knees and triggered a fight. Seattle's Sheldon Richardson was ejected for throwing a punch, and Fournette went after Bennett. More pushing and shoving ensued after the next kneel-down, and defensive end Quinton Jefferson was tossed. Jefferson tried to climb into the stands after getting hit with what looked like a plastic bottle. Seattle coach Pete Carroll also got flagged for coming onto the field.
___
AP Sports Writers Rob Maaddi and Mark Long contributed to this report.
Kyle Larson (42) passes Martin Truex, Jr. (78) earlier this season to win at Richmond. Both NASCAR Cup Series drivers have enjoyed breakout seasons. Steve Helber AP
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne and her cabinet ministers excel at alternative facts and fake news.
The latest example was Finance Minister Charles Sousa's speech Thursday to The Empire Club, part of which boasted about how the Liberals saved Ontario's electricity system by doing the heavy lifting needed to improve it.
As a result, Sousa said, Ontario's electricity grid is now “the envy of North America” because the Liberals restored “integrity and reliability” to it, unlike neighbouring Canadian provinces and the rust belt states.
Simply put, what on Earth is Sousa talking about?
Hydro One controls the transmission of electricity through 29,000 km of hydro lines in Ontario and provides electricity to 1.3 million customers.
In her December, 2015 annual report, Ontario Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk said between 2010 and 2014, Hydro One customer experienced 24% more power outages, lasting 30% longer, while costs to run the system increased by 31%.
She described Hydro One as “consistently one of the least reliable among large Canadian electricity distributors”.
She said its maintenance backlog increased by 47% and power outages by 7%, between 2012 and 2014.
Lysyk reported the risk of power failures was increasing because Hydro One hadn't replaced $4.5 billion in transmission assets, “that have exceeded their planned useful service life”.
In 2014, former Ontario ombudsman Andre Marin reported that trying to get straight answers out of Hydro One on its horrendous customer billing practices, following complaints by 10,000 customers, was like, “wrestling with a slippery pig”.
He said Hydro One had issued more than 100,000 incorrect bills, covering everything from unexplained billings, to “catch-up” bills, “estimated” bills, multiple bills and over-billing.
Wynne is now selling 60% of Hydro One to the private sector, putting it beyond the scrutiny of the auditor general and ombudsman.
Sousa said the government now realizes electricity rates are too high, which is why its cutting them by a total of 25% in June (by increasing the province's debt to subsidize them).
While Sousa didn't mention it, prior to this announcement, the Liberals claimed electricity pricing in Ontario was in the middle of the pack compared to Canada and the US.
Hydro Quebec does an annual comparison of electricity rates in major cities, standardized for a monthly consumption of 1,000 kilowatt-hours (kWh), with all prices in Canadian currency.
Its 2016 survey found electricity prices for residential customers in Toronto of 17.81 cents per kilowatt/hour and in Ottawa of 16.15 cents per kilowatt/hour.
That was higher than in Vancouver (10.70); Calgary (10.40); Edmonton (10.37); Regina (14.65); Winnipeg (8.43); Montreal (7.23); Halifax (15.88); Moncton (12.50); Charlottetown (16.02); St. John's (11.96); Seattle (13.62); Portland (13.94); Chicago (15.19); Nashville (14.28); Houston (11.25) and Miami (11.67).
The Toronto and Ottawa rates were lower than in San Francisco (31.05); Detroit (20.24); Boston (27.69) and New York (29.52).
Thus, according to Hydro Quebec's major cities' survey, Ontario's residential electricity rates are the highest in Canada and only in the mid-range when you add in American cities.
An accurate statement in Sousa's Empire Club speech regarding hydro was that the system needed upgrading when the Liberals came into power in 2003 because of past neglect by governments of all stripes, including Liberals.
But much of it was firmly in the realm of alternative facts and fake news.
lgoldstein@postmedia.com
Nicolas Ghesquière announced last week via Instagram that he was staying on as the Creative Director and head designer of Louis Vuitton. In the age of musical chairs for this position amongst fashion houses, Ghesquière's fifth resort collection is undoubtedly his most sovereign and displays aspects of his personality with color, texture, and function. The fashion features over-the-knee sneaker boots that are perfect for walking through New York City or the streets of Paris. The clothing gives us a fresh take on workwear and mixes prints in a professional, yet cool manner. An undoubted nod to the 80s, get into the power shoulders and nod to streetwear. Click through our gallery to see all the looks modeled by Black women and dig deeper into all the style!
Check Out All The Black Models That Walked The Louis Vuitton 2019 Cruise Collection was originally published on hellobeautiful.com
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–T25-La Salle-Villanova Box
No. 4 VILLANOVA 77, LA SALLE 68 LA SALLE (5-6)
Washington 4-5 0-1 8, Brookins 1-2 0-0 2, Stukes 5-10 2-2 16, Powell 5-16 2-2 12, Johnson 9-20 0-0 21, Phiri 0-2 0-0 0, Shuler 0-2 0-0 0, Deas 4-7 0-0 9. Totals 28-64 4-5 68.
VILLANOVA (10-0)
Paschall 0-3 3-4 3, Spellman 3-7 2-3 8, Booth 4-6 7-7 18, Brunson 4-9 7-10 17, Bridges 4-11 2-3 10, Cosby-Roundtree 1-1 1-1 3, Samuels 0-1 0-0 0, DiVincenzo 6-13 5-7 18. Totals 22-51 27-35 77.
Halftime_La Salle 38-37. 3-Point Goals_La Salle 8-22 (Stukes 4-5, Johnson 3-6, Deas 1-2, Phiri 0-2, Powell 0-7), Villanova 6-20 (Booth 3-4, Brunson 2-4, DiVincenzo 1-6, Paschall 0-1, Spellman 0-1, Samuels 0-1, Bridges 0-3). Fouled Out_Deas, Powell. Rebounds_La Salle 30 (Johnson 7), Villanova 35 (DiVincenzo 10). Assists_La Salle 16 (Powell 6), Villanova 15 (Brunson 7). Total Fouls_La Salle 24, Villanova 12. A_10,611 (21,600).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The Latest on incidents related to violent clashes between white supremacist groups and counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, that left three dead (all times local) 3:35 p.m. Virginia State Police say the National Transportation Safety Board and the Federal Aviation Administration are assisting in the investigation into a fatal helicopter crash that claimed the lives of two state troopers. The helicopter crashed shortly before 5 p.m. S...
More >
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hector Bellerin apparently spoke for every Arsenal fan after Mesut Ozil put pen to paper on a new deal at the north London club.
The German put months of speculation to bed when he signed a new £350,000-a-week contract that will keep him at the club until 2021.
He tweeted: "Proud to announce: I signed dat thing," as he shared his delight at becoming one of the highest paid players in the Premier League.
Arsenal said farewell to Alexis Sanchez earlier in the window, with the Chilean moving to Manchester United in a swap deal.
(Image: Mesut Ozil/Twitter)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Ozil was set to become a free agent in the summer, with both Manchester United and Barcelona waiting to pounce when the German became avaiable.
But Ozil officially took himself off the market by committing his future to Arsenal.
The former Real Madrid star's Arsenal team-mates congratulated the German on his new deal, with many admitting their delight.
Bellerin was among the Gunners players who took to Twitter to respond to Ozil, writing: "Yes bro!! Took your time," alongside a laughing face emoji.
The comment received thousands of likes and re-tweets as well as some rather humorous replies from Arsenal fans who couldn't agree more.
RICHMOND, Va. – A fugitive has been arrested in Newport News for a rape that occurred in the City of Richmond in July of 2016.
Defrederick Young, Jr., 35, of the 1600 block of North 28th Street, is accused of raping someone known to him. Police have not released any additional details about the rape.
With the assistance of the U.S. Marshals Regional Fugitive Task Force, Young was arrested without incident on Monday, June 12, in Newport News.
Police have not officially announced his charges at this time.
“The RPD Major Crimes Division and the U.S. Marshals Regional Fugitive Task Force would like to thank people from Richmond and Newport News who provided information that led to Young's arrest,” Richmond Police said in a statement.
Minister for road transport and highways Nitin Gadkari said that India has already proposed a $1 billion-line of credit to promote Asean connectivity through road, air and waterways.
New Delhi: Minister for road transport and highways Nitin Gadkari on Monday said India was exploring the possibility of connecting Asean countries through cruise tourism. Gadkari said he already had talks with companies from Singapore on cruise connectivity and they were keen on exploring the option.
“We plan to boost cruise tourism from 80 ships per year to 900 per year. Cruises from India can start from Mumbai or Cochin and can go to Thailand, Philippines and Cambodia, saving Indian tourists time and money for specially travelling to Singapore to enjoy cruises,” said Gadkari, adding that cruise potential will be explored on public private partnership model too. The minister also added that India has already proposed a $1 billion-line of credit to promote Asean connectivity through road, air and waterways.
Gadkari who was addressing the Asean-India Connectivity Summit jointly organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry and Asean India Centre said, “The Asean India maritime transport cooperation agreement is being negotiated...An Asian India civil aviation task force has been established to see optimisation of air connectivity.” India has also agreed to establish a maritime transport working group of Myanmar, Thailand, Cambodia and Vietnam to examine the feasibility of shipping networks, he added.
He stressed that with the trilateral highway being constructed by India in Myanmar and Thailand, and the Kaladan Multi-modal Project in Myanmar, connectivity with the Asean region would receive a boost. The minister pointed out that India and Myanmar are working very closely to upgrade infrastructure in the border areas.
“Connectivity projects such as the India-Myanmar-Thailand Trilateral Highway (TH), extension of TH to Cambodia, Laos and Vietnam Kaladan Multimodal Transit Transport Project are being planned and at different stages of implementation,” he said. India is already working with Myanmar in the areas of border area development, capacity building, infrastructure development, connectivity projects and institutional development.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
× Trump aides were in constant touch with Russian officials during campaign
WASHINGTON – High-level advisers close to then-presidential nominee Donald Trump were in constant communication during the campaign with Russians known to US intelligence, multiple current and former intelligence, law enforcement and administration officials tell CNN.
President-elect Trump and then-President Barack Obama were both briefed on details of the extensive communications between suspected Russian operatives and people associated with the Trump campaign and the Trump business, according to US officials familiar with the matter.
Both the frequency of the communications and the proximity to Trump of those involved “raised a red flag” with US intelligence and law enforcement, according to these officials. The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to US intelligence.
Officials emphasized that communications between campaign staff and representatives of foreign governments are not unusual. However, these communications stood out to investigators due to the frequency and the level of the Trump advisers involved. Investigators have not reached a judgment on the intent of those conversations.
Adding to US investigators' concerns were intercepted communications between Russian officials before and after the election discussing their belief that they had special access to Trump, two law enforcement officials tell CNN. These officials cautioned the Russians could have been exaggerating their access.
CNN has reached out to the White House for comment.
The extensive contacts drew concerns of US intelligence and law enforcement officials in part because it came at a time of Russian cyberactivities targeting mostly Democratic Party political organizations.
Post-election intelligence briefings on Russian meddling in the US elections included details of those communications, which included people involved in Trump's businesses.
The communications were gathered as part of routine US intelligence collection and not because people close to Trump were being targeted.
The FBI and US intelligence agencies continue to try to determine what the motive for the communications were.
One concern was whether Trump associates were coordinating with Russian intelligence operatives the release of damaging information about the Hillary Clinton campaign.
“If that were the case, then that would escalate things,” one official briefed on the investigation said.
Christopher Plummer Nominated For Golden Globe After Replacing Kevin Spacey
The 75th Golden Globe nominations were announced on Monday. Among the nominees is actor Christopher Plummer, for his role replacing Kevin Spacey in All the Money in the World, after Spacey faced allegations of sexual misconduct.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
The Golden Globe nominations were announced this morning. Among the nominees is Christopher Plummer for a role he played as a last-minute replacement for Kevin Spacey. NPR's Camila Domonoske reports.
CAMILA DOMONOSKE, BYLINE: "All The Money In The World" is about the kidnapping of J. Paul Getty's grandson. The film was shot with Kevin Spacey as the callous oil tycoon.
(SOUNDBITE OF FILM, "ALL THE MONEY IN THE WORLD")
UNIDENTIFIED ACTOR: (As character) Mr. Getty, how much would you pay to release your grandson if not $17 million?
KEVIN SPACEY: (As J. Paul Getty) Nothing.
DOMONOSKE: In late October, allegations emerged as multiple men accused Spacey of sexual assault or harassment. "All The Money In The World" was basically done already. But director Ridley Scott was uneasy. He told Entertainment Weekly, quote, "you can't tolerate behavior like that." So he rang up Christopher Plummer, called the cast and crew back on location, and reshot Spacey's scenes with Plummer instead.
(SOUNDBITE OF FILM, "ALL THE MONEY IN THE WORLD")
CHRISTOPHER PLUMMER: (As J. Paul Getty) I have 14 grandchildren. If I start paying ransoms, I'll have 14 kidnapped grandchildren.
DOMONOSKE: The emergency reshoots finished a week and a half ago. Scott had a cut ready just in time for the Golden Globes deadline. Plummer and Scott were both nominated - actress Michelle Williams, too. And the movie is coming out on Christmas, just three days behind schedule. Camila Domonoske, NPR News.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
SAN DIEGO — A masked gunman held up a North Park gas station Monday morning, police said.
The robbery happened around 6:20 a.m. at the Valero gas station convenience store at Texas Street and University Avenue, San Diego police Officer Dino Delimitros said. Officers reported detaining a man near the scene who possibly matched the robber's description, but it wasn't immediately clear if he was the robber.
“Initially what we have is, a guy went in with a gun and robbed it,” Delimitros said. “The loss is undisclosed.”
The suspect was described as a thinly built and roughly 6-foot tall white or Hispanic man in his 40s. He was wearing a black mask over his face and a gray sweatshirt and possibly carrying a dark backpack.
A man who claimed benefit payments despite having more than £55,000 in savings has been ordered to pay back the money he was overpayed, but has avoided jail.
Paul Shinners had pleaded guilty to a charge of fraud by failing to declare his savings when claiming income-related support allowance.
Shinners, 62, of Leigh Crescent, Long Itchington, was sentenced to six months in prison suspended for 12 months by a judge at Warwick Crown Court.
Recorder William Edis QC also ordered him to pay £10,776 under the Proceeds of Crime Act and £340 in costs.
Prosecutor Henry Skudra said in 2013 Shinners had started claiming employment support allowance, and a year later he began claiming income-related support allowance.
The basis of his claim was that he was not in work and had no employment or savings.
But in fact it was later found that at the time he made his claim, he had savings totalling £55,183 spread across four building society accounts and a bank account.
Over the period of the fraud from January 2014 until April last year, that figure gradually dropped to £36,500 – which Mr Skudra pointed out was still above the maximum figure at which he could claim such benefit.
And over that period Shinners had been paid £11,719 to which he was not entitled.
Explaining that some of the money has been recovered by being deducted from benefits Shinners was still entitled to, Mr Skudra asked the judge to make a confiscation order for £10,776.
And Jasvir Mann, defending, said Shinners, who has medical issues which mean he would be unsuitable to carry out unpaid work, agreed to the confiscation order.
Recorder Edis commented: “He seems, from the pre-sentence report, to think there's nothing much wrong with what he's done. He would know there was if there was a suspended sentence.”
And he told Shinners: “Over two years you continued to claim a particular benefit to which you were not entitled because you had capital over the prescribed limit.
“I don't believe for a moment you didn't know you had this money. This was a sustained piece of fraud. However, it was not fraudulent from the outset.
“This case clearly crosses the custody threshold, but I am not going to send you to prison. Because of your assets, you are able to make full restitution to the public purse.”
Senate Bill 17-267 was recently approved by the Senate Finance Committee on a 4-1 vote. That's potentially bad news for taxpayers, and sick people. The bill would make Colorado's state budget less transparent, reduce legislative and taxpayer control over state spending, create two new slush funds outside of legislative control, increase state indebtedness, and use a financial trick to raise the amount of tax money the state can keep without voter approval.
The bill's lack of transparency starts with the title. It says the bill is an Act “concerning the sustainability of rural Colorado.” Rural Colorado sustained itself for well over a hundred years. The problems began when the state and federal governments started raising electric rates, disrupting the financial industry, purposefully destroying jobs in coal country, expanding federal control over water, and raising health insurance rates to ruinous levels. Now the government is back to “help” some more.
The bill is an act, all right, one that claims to make rural Colorado “sustainable” with increases in debt and taxes in two unrelated parts. Each part gives bureaucrats and special interests the ability to grab more money from taxpayers without their permission.
The first part says it will fund highways, “renovation and renewal projects,” bike lanes, pedestrian walkways and “transit-related projects.” It will use Certificates of Participation (COP) to expand state indebtedness by up to $1.35 billion, removing appropriations of up to $100 million a year from legislative control for up to 20 years. A nifty new form of debt dreamed up by the financial industry, COPs do not create a multi-year obligation and therefore are not required to be reported as debt under generally accepted accounting principles.
The basic idea behind COP is that the state sells a “facility” to a group of investors. The investors get COP and title to the asset in exchange for their money. If the state doesn't make an appropriation to pay the owners of the COP a certain amount each year for a specified number of years, the COP's owners own the facility. At the end of the required payments, the title for the facility reverts to the state. In its own pursuit of COP loans, Washington state has sold everything from laptops to school buses, to college student recreation centers, housing and academic facilities.
If the bill passes, the Hickenlooper administration can hang a “for sale” sign on everything, including the kitchen sink.
Think about what this does to the Legislature's ability to control appropriations. The state of Colorado received $11.8 billion in revenues from taxes and fees in FY 2015-16. If the Hickenlooper administration sells off $1.35 billion in COP by the end of 2018, future state legislatures must either appropriate an annual amount roughly equal to the what the state currently spends on new highway lanes or roads or lose title to buildings, computer systems and academic facilities.
For its second act, the bill recreates the current Hospital Provider Fee Fund as a state business enterprise. It takes roughly 10 percent of state spending from legislative control and puts it into a health care slush fund controlled by 13 gubernatorial appointees. The appointees can tax hospitals as they see fit, limited only by federal rules. Like the current hospital provider fee, the money brought in can be used to increase Medicaid reimbursement for selected hospitals, pay for cost plus pricing for hospitals that participate in the Colorado Indigent Care Program, pay for quality incentive programs whether they work or not and sustain current Medicaid enrollment.
Aside from allowing unaccountable appointees to use taxpayer dollars to engage in corporate favoritism with hospitals, the bill's language also supports the state's attempt to remodel Colorado Medicaid in the image of a monopolist Kaiser-Permanente. Evidence is scarce that these arrangements will do much more than increase costs for taxpayers and Medicaid clients, especially those in rural areas.
Setting aside the potential for big health care taxes and special dealing without legislative oversight, the provider fee enterprise fund bets that the federal government will continue to pay federal matching funds for state taxes on hospital bills so that state Medicaid programs can continue to underpay physicians and hospitals for services rendered. That's a bad bet.
Neither the federal government nor the states can afford the health care programs they currently subsidize. Medicaid clients are unlikely to be well served by enterprise funding, making their health care hostage to federal willingness to pay state taxes.
Colorado citizens would be better off in the future if state officials moderated their greed for additional funds and focused instead on running the government within its current budget. This means ending incessant program expansion, forgoing the sale of state assets to increase indebtedness, ending corporate favoritism and limiting state subsidies to those they can afford, and for those who are most in need of them.
Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com.
ATLANTA — A section of westbound Interstate 20 in Atlanta is closed after a section of the roadway bulged up from the ground and launched a motorcycle rider into the air Monday afternoon.
The DeKalb County Police initially said an underground gas leak caused the “defect” in the roadway in the southeast part of the city.
Fire officials later said crews were pumping concrete into old, abandoned gas lines under the freeway and there was some sort of malfunction that caused a build-up of air pressure. The air pressure eventually caused the ground under the roadway to surge upward.
HOV lane I20 WB buckled between Flat Shoals & Gresham. DOT on scene assessing damage. Avoid area pic.twitter.com/gLkv4eRzSB — DeKalb County Police (@DeKalbCountyPD) April 17, 2017
Officials with the DeKalb County Fire Rescue confirmed that the driver of a motorcycle hit the huge bump and was launched into the air. Officials say the motorcycle came to a stop about 200 feet from the bulge in the highway.
The motorcycle rider was hospitalized in critical condition after the crash, fire officials said.
DCFR & DOT units are onscene of a large buckle in the HOV lane @ I20 WB & Gresham Rd. https://t.co/9w72GFEB4F — DCFR Public Affairs (@DCFRpubaffairs) April 17, 2017
Officials said the buckled highway is causing a traffic “nightmare” for westbound travelers.
Just last month, Atlanta had another big problem on a different freeway.
A massive fire caused a section of Interstate 85 to collapse.
Crews said that section of highway would be closed for months during repairs.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fox has confirmed its cast for Dark Phoenix, the new X-Men movie.
We finally have confirmation that Simon Kinberg will direct the film which will hit cinemas on November 2, 2018.
The cast has also been released, with James McAvoy, Jennifer Lawrence and Michael Fassbender all returning, according to Deadline .
Nicholas Hoult, Alexandra Shipp, Sophie Turner, Tye Sheridan, and Kodi Smit-McPhee are all reprising when production begins in Montreal.
Jessica Chastain is also apparently in talks to take on the role as the villain Shi'ar, Empress Lilandra.
Kinberg is producing with Bryan Singer, Hutch Parker and Lauren Shuler Donner.
Kingberg has long been involved with the X-Men franchise, staring with The Last Stand, he wrote and produced Days of Future Past and Apocalypse. He also produced spinoff Deadpool .
This will be his directorial debut.
Please log in to read the full story. Our website requires visitors to Log in to view the best local news from Snyder Daily News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today
Neil Harris' wasteful Millwall side paid the price for a lack of bite at promotion rivals Fleetwood Town.
The Lions should have boosted their League One play-off hopes but some wasteful finishing combined with fierce defending from Fleetwood and spectacular saves from their shotstopper Alex Cairns saw the South Londoners edged out by a first-half injury-time Ben Davies header.
It was not all doom and gloom though with Millwall retaining their place in the top six thanks to Southend's 2-1 home defeat to Milton Keynes.
Millwall dominated the opening 25 minutes and played Fleetwood off the park but ended up paying the price for missed opportunities as Neil Harris' men carved out seven opportunities in that blistering spell – Lee Gregory wasting the two biggest chances.
Ben Thompson's effort from outside the box cannoned back off the post into the forward's path but he fired straight at Cairns one-on-one.
Jed Wallace steamed down the left flank before teeing Gregory up in space in the box but his first time effort crashed into the right post.
And the Lions paid for their lack of bite as Fleetwood survived the storm and opened the scoring in first-half injury time.
Amari'i Bell was needlessly fouled on the left flank by Mahlon Romeo with George Glendon whipping the subsequent set-piece into the box and Davies nodding in his first goal for the club.
It was an end-to-end second half with Gregory having an effort blocked on the line by Davies and Cairns making an unbelievable save to stop Jake Cooper's header.
Millwall threw everything at Fleetwood in the dying stages but some phenomenal defending from the hosts and a last-gasp Cairns save from Calum Butcher's header frustrated the Lions.
You can find good barbecue and some of the best music acts in Naperville at Ribfest.This summer tradition kicks off Wednesday at Knoch Park and goes through Saturday.Pitbull, Melissa Etheridge,Steven Tyler, Jake Owen, Chris Janson, Jordan Davis and the Loving Mary Band are all performing this year.The festival is going paperless this year, and people can use wristbands to pay for food and beverages at Ribfest.For more online ticket and event information, visit www.ribfest.net ABC7 is the media sponsor for Ribfest.
League officials say a special investigator would help ensure the integrity of the settlement.
FILE - In this March 1, 2018, file photo, Chris Borland, a former NFL linebacker and Big Ten Defensive Player of the Year for the University of Wisconsin, testifies before a Illinois House Mental Health Committee hearing in Springfield, Ill., on House Bill 4341, which would ban tackle football for kids under 12 years of age. (Rich Saal//The State Journal-Register via AP, File)
A federal judge in Philadelphia is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
The league last month cited an independent study it said found that more than 400 claims had been recommended for denial based on evidence of fraud by attorneys, doctors and former players.
Plaintiffs' lawyers contend the league is not awarding settlement funds fast enough. So far, $227 million in claims have been awarded.
The league says attempts to scam the system are responsible for delays. The NFL has asked that the investigator be granted subpoena power.
League officials say a special investigator would help ensure the integrity of the settlement.
Arguments are scheduled for Wednesday.
Related: Judge reminding NFL retirees of concussion settlement
Related: NFL reaches $765 million settlement; Did players get enough?
The Associated Press
× Parkland shooter on cellphone video: ‘You'll all know who I am'
The former student who gunned down 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, recorded his plans on cellphone videos, saying in one: “From the wrath of my power they will know who I am.”
According to newly released transcripts of the videos obtained from a source close to the investigation, Nikolas Cruz details how he will carry out the shooting.
“I'm gonna go take Uber in the afternoon before 2:40 (p.m.). From there I'll go into — onto school campus, walk up the stairs, unload my bags and get my AR and shoot people down at the man — what is it? — the main courtyard, wait, and people will die,” he says.
In another video, Cruz says, “Today is the day. The day it all begin. The day of my massacre shall begin. All the kids in school will run and fear and hide. From the wrath of my power they will know who I am.”
“Hello, my name is Nick and I'm going to be the next school shooter of 2018,” says Cruz at the start of another video. “My goal is at least 20 people with an AR-15 and a couple tracer rounds.”
“It's going to be a big event. And when you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am,” he said before laughing.
He ends that video saying, “You're all going to die. Pew, pew-pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew. Ah yeah. Can't wait.”
On February 14, Cruz used an AR-15-style rifle to kill 17 people and wound 17 others. He confessed to the crimes but has not been convicted.
When was the last time you found anything on social media that moved your life forward?
July 4, 2018 9 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
It's the end of another busy day, and you look back and wonder “Where did the time go?” Most likely, part of your time was eaten up with those little distractions that take away from the tasks that really matter.
It's important that you attach value to your time. How you use your time has a huge impact on your ability to succeed. Increasing productivity and using your time wisely means you will have more time to do things that matter to you, like exercising, spending time with family and friends, having a hobby or pursuing other projects.
Set yourself up for success by cutting these 11 biggest time wasters from your life, and you may find you have more time than you realize.
1. Multitasking
Trying to do more than one thing at a time actually diminishes your productivity. The human brain isn't designed to multitask. Your brain has to slow down as it switches between tasks, and this makes you less efficient.
You're essentially shifting between two tasks without really focusing on either one. The result is that neither task has your undivided attention, so neither will be done to the best of your ability. Focusing on one thing at a time will make you more effective -- you will have better results with fewer errors.
Related: Why Multitasking Is a Myth That's Breaking Your Brain and Wasting Your Time
2. All things email.
Email may be one of the biggest time-sucking black holes. Every time you get an alert that you have a new email, your concentration is broken. Then there's responding to pointless emails, or trying to find the right email in a disorganized inbox.
Try setting predetermined times to check your email, such as once in the morning, once in the afternoon and once in the evening. Hold off on checking your email until you've completed your most important task of the day. That way, even if email distracts you, you've accomplished what you need to.
Related: 5 Bad Email Habits That Waste Your Time
3. Social media without a purpose.
Social media can be a huge distraction when you use it for personal use, but it can also be a time suck when you're using it for legitimate work purposes. When used effectively, social media can help boost your business and increase sales or marketing reach.
But like any other tool, you need to know how to use it effectively. Reading random articles or getting sucked into useless “research” is all too easy. First, you need to identify how social media can best benefit your business and stay focused while you're using it.
Second, stop obsessively checking your social media activity -- this goes for business and personal use. Constantly checking your news feed or looking to see how many people are following you is eating away at your focus and your time.
Related: 5 Myths About Social Media
4. Pointless meetings.
Meetings are indispensable for sharing information and making important decisions, but they're often seen as a waste of time because they aren't used effectively. The problem is not just the time spent sitting through pointless meetings; it's also all the time it takes to prepare for said pointless meeting and sending and reading emails about the meeting.
According to one report, unproductive meetings are costing businesses approximately $37 billion annually. So if you find yourself drowning in meetings, look for ways to reclaim your time. Make sure meetings have agendas and a moderator who will keep them focused.
Related: How 10 Famous Business Leaders, Including Musk, Bezos and Jobs, Handle Meetings
5. Disorganized work environment.
Is your desk cluttered with sticky notes and scraps of paper? Is your computer desktop a chaotic mess of random files completely covering your background picture? Does your filing cabinet look like an explosion of paper and files?
If so, there's a good chance your disorganization is wasting your time by making it difficult to find anything, and making you look unprofessional to boot. It's time to declutter your workstation. When everything has a place, you'll be able to quickly retrieve the information you need and move on to the next thing.
Related: There Is No Tidy Way to Deal With a Hoarder on Your Staff
6. Too much socializing.
There is a fine line between fostering a friendly and pleasant work environment and allowing yourself to get bogged down by chatty co-workers. There's nothing wrong with socializing with colleagues; no one wants to spend the entire day in silence. But if you aren't careful, it's easy to lose valuable work time interacting with co-workers.
Wearing headphones while you're trying to focus can help keep co-workers from popping by to chat. Don't be afraid to tell others that you're busy and need to stay focused right now. You can always see if they want to get lunch or hang out after work, but try to protect your work time for just that -- working.
Related: Office Relationships Work a Lot Like Those With Friends and Family
7. Refusing to seek clarification.
You get handed a big assignment. It's a great chance to show off your skills, and you're confident you can kill it. You dive in, but slowly you begin to realize that you're in over your head and are not exactly sure what the final product should look like.
However, instead of seeking clarification by picking up the phone or sending an email, you press on. You tell yourself that you'll figure it out. This is a serious waste of time because you're letting pride get the best of you. If you have questions or are unsure how to proceed with a task, put your ego away and get the information you need to be both productive and effective.
Related: 6 Ways to Ask for Help Without Being Embarrassed
8. Online distractions
Ah, the internet. There is nothing more distracting than having a source of unlimited information, entertainment, shopping and amusement right at our fingertips. There are a number of strategies to keep you from online distractions. If you know you have a weakness for certain websites, try using a website blocker to eliminate those temptations.
Try setting a timer for certain increments -- you can start with 20 minutes and built up to 45 minutes or an hour. Stay focused on work for the entire time and you can reward yourself with a short break.
But even if you are determined to only use the internet for work purposes, it's easy to drift from one thing to another doing online “research,” so make sure you are really staying focused on what information you are hoping to glean from online sources.
Related: Hey, You! Try These 5 Ideas to Stay Focused While Working Online.
9. Too many breaks
The 3 p.m. doldrums hit and you're looking for a pick-me-up -- maybe a little snack or coffee to get you through the day. The problem is, you end up lingering and never really get your focus back.
That little break can turn into a big waste of time. Are you eating (or worse, smoking) your time away?
Mindless eating isn't healthy to begin with, especially if you're not being careful of what kind of food you're snacking on. Neither is too much coffee nor soda. And smoking can be perilous to your health. If you need a break to clear your head, try going for a brisk walk. It's healthy, and may give your mind a boost to focus on work.
Related: Want More Creative and Productive Employees? Let Them Goof Off
10. Ignoring your mental exhaustion
We're putting in longer hours than ever before, and we're facing burnout at higher rates. The overall effect is that we are often too fatigued to really focus and we end up wasting more time. If you're constantly exhausted, you're more vulnerable to distraction and likely to find it difficult to concentrate.
If you aren't mentally prepared to do good work, you aren't going to be successful. Do yourself a favor and make sleep a priority. The time you spend resting will pay dividends when you're awake and ready to take on the world.
Related: 3 Important Signs of Entrepreneurial Burnout and How to Overcome It
11. No clear goal to motivate you
Of all the items on this list, this one can be the most damaging in the long term. If you don't have a big-picture plan and solid goals, you can end up frittering away your time. If you want to be successful, you need to maintain your motivation and have a clear picture of what you're hoping to achieve.
If you don't have an incentive to stay focused, it's easy to let one day spill into another and never really accomplish anything. That's when all the other temptations on this list are easy to give in to. You aren't going to be successful by chance. It takes will power and determination. If you don't know what the game plan is, you're just winging it and wasting time.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City have unveiled their new kits for the 2018/19 season.
The Robins will be wearing two different crests for the upcoming season as they revert to their classic Robin badge for their away kit.
But how do they compare to the rest of the Championship? Here is a rating for every kit unveiled in the division so far.
Birmingham City
Smart home kit with a nice use of the white trim - it's the same design as Brentford's away kit but a lot nicer colour scheme. A real winner here.
Rating: 8/10
Bolton Wanderers
The players look very unsure of this effort, and it's easy to see why. A strange collar, a multi-coloured sponsors' logo and some questionable trim at the bottom of the shirt. All in all, sub-standard.
Rating: 4/10
Brentford
The colour scheme of the away kit would not look out of place in a 1970s flat. Really strange colour choice and the block-patterned nature, along with the Adidas lines under the arm, make this unforgettable for all the wrong reasons.
Rating: 2/10
Bristol City
(Image: Bristol City FC)
The home kit is not too bad, but it is very Middlesbrough - and a bit plain. It's a standard kit, but probably will not go down as many fans' favourites, especially in comparison to last season's pin-striped kit.
Rating: 6/10
(Image: Bristol City)
A bit of an old school feel to this kit, especially with the return of the robin. Retro and sleek - it should prove a hit.
Rating: 8/10
(Image: Bristol City)
The third kit is similar to previous seasons, but the lime green stripe across the middle of the purple shirt is a little garish - and looks a different shade of lime to the shorts.
Rating: 5/10
Derby County
Very England Italia 90. The retro Umbro logos on the sleeves are a nice throwback - it's a kit that could be worn for years.
Rating: 8/10
It was all going so well for Derby, but this is a very strange kit. Despite the garish highlighter yellow trim, which clashes with the dark blue colour, it's all a bit plain at the same time. Without the sponsor it just looks like the sort of thing you'd throw on to go for a run.
Rating: 4/10
Hull City
A lot to take in with this kit - like Derby, the retro Umbro trim on the sleeves is very nice. Not so sure about the strange stripes with the line through the middle, though. Plus it will turn Tigers fans off due to the disliked badge, which brings it down.
Rating: 5/10
Ipswich Town
The home kit is very nice - the red Adidas stripes on the top actually work well with the blue, and then the white sleeves work well - the design itself, if not the colours, is pretty similar to an Arsenal kit from the late 90s, and that's not necessarily a bad thing. As for the away kit, it's very garish and will probably cause television viewers to try and return their television. Strange choice.
Home kit rating: 8/10 Away kit rating: 3/10
Middlesbrough
As stated, similar to Bristol City's. Yet the smart collar giving away to some trim, and the Hummel stripes liven it up a bit - as do the different shades of red. A good kit.
Rating: 9/10
Nice use of colours but it's a bit plainer than the home kit due to the lack of shaded stripes. Nothing wrong with it but not one that would exactly live long in the memory.
Rating: 6/10
Preston North End
Someone has been watching too much Tottenham when it comes to the home kit. The yellow kit is nice enough and should look good under floodlights, but the third kit is the real highlight hear - how they have managed to pull off a green and yellow kit, I don't know, but it's worked.
Home kit rating: 6/10 Away kit rating: 7/10 Third kit rating: 9/10
QPR
Home kit is as you would expect for QPR, although the multi-coloured trim is a nice touch that livens it up a little. The away kit is a little more radical but it works fairly well. Two solid, if unspectacular, shirts.
Home kit rating: 7/10 Away kit rating: 7/10
Rotherham United
It feels a little like a "Make your own football club on FIFA" generic kit. Not especially bad but almost blandly inoffensive.
Rating: 6/10
Like the home kit, there's nothing especially wrong with it, but there's nothing that makes it stand out that much - if you took the Rotherham logo off it, it could be worn by any club in the country.
Rating: 6/10
After two fairly bland kits, the Millers decided to shake things up with their third kit. Unfortunate it has come out looking like a cross between a refresher sweet and a bad Twenty20 cricket top.
Rating: 2/10
Sheffield United
If you saw this kit from the front, it would be a typical, unremarkable Sheffield United kit. The back, though, makes this feel like two different kits sewn together, along with an incredibly tacky logo - it makes it look like the players would be working at Doordeals, rather than playing football. Bizarre choice.
Rating: 1/10
Stoke City
The home kit is standard Stoke, although it is quite a nice collar, but it is the away kit where it is at. Purple kits are always welcome, and the white trim makes this one especially nice to look at - a great kit.
Home kit rating: 7/10 Away kit rating: 9/10
Swansea City
The home kit is very nice - it's a nice shade of white with some decent trim, and the collar works well with the black trim. The away kit is a strange outfit, but the orange bleeds into the darker colour nicely.
Home kit rating: 8/10 Away kit rating: 6/10
Tempers flared between Manchester City and Manchester United in the aftermath of Sunday's derby at Old Trafford, Press Association Sport understands.
Heated exchanges took place involving Jose Mourinho and some of City's players, it is understood, with the United boss reportedly involved in a confrontation with City goalkeeper Ederson.
Figures from United apparently took exception to the raucous manner in which City were celebrating their 2-1 success, which included playing loud music in their dressing room.
The corridor leading to the dressing rooms apparently became very congested as players and staff made their way through it after the game, and tensions spilled over into pushing and shoving.
City coach Mikel Arteta is understood to have suffered a cut to the head in the fracas, while Mourinho apparently shouted into the City dressing room.
There have also been reports milk and water were thrown at Mourinho.
Neither club commented when contacted by Press Association Sport on Sunday evening.
The incidents occurred after a fiery end to the match. There were arguments among players after United had a penalty appeal rejected in the latter stages.
City won with goals from David Silva and Nicolas Otamendi, with Marcus Rashford replying for United. The victory was City's 14th in succession in the Premier League and extended their lead at the top of the table to 11 points.
Mourinho conceded afterwards that City's advantage in the title race was now at a "significant distance".
Asked if it could be clawed back, he said: "I don't know. We are going to work and fight for it. That is the only thing I say."
Mourinho complained about the late penalty decision, which saw United's Ander Herrera booked for diving after a challenge by Otamendi.
"It is a huge penalty in a crucial moment of the game," said Mourinho, who also bemoaned his side's luck.
City boss Pep Guardiola had no time for Mourinho's complaints.
"We won because we were better, in all departments," Guardiola said.
PANAMA'S civil defense agency Sinaproc has warned of high levels of UV radiation throughout Monday Apr 17 across the country, and in some areas listed as near extreme
In the Darien and Emberá­Wounaan, it is estimated that the UV index will be between 8 and 9.
A UV index of 10 will affect Colón, Panama, West Panama, Veraguas, Chiriquí, Bocas del Toro and the Comarca Ngäbe Buglé.
The provinces of Herrera and Los Santos and the maritime sectors of the country will also have extreme levels of radiation.
PALMETTO, Fla. - Two parents are in jail after their two-year-old son was found with cocaine and marijuana in his system, the Manatee County Sheriff's Office said.
The child was found unresponsive in his bed on May 14 and appeared to be having a seizure. The drugs were discovered in his system while being treated at a hospital, the sheriff's office said.
The child's parents, Kierstyn Lapek, 23, and Devon Barendse, 28, both of 21st Street East, were arrested Wednesday and each face a charge of child neglect with great bodily harm.
The child was released from the hospital.
► Make it easy to keep up to date with more stories like this. Download the 10 News app now.
Have a news tip? Email tips@wtsp.com , visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed .
© 2018 WTSP
Worries Grow In Hong Kong As China Pushes Its Official Version Of History In Schools
Enlarge this image toggle caption Philippe Lopez/AFP/Getty Images Philippe Lopez/AFP/Getty Images
The last time China pressured Hong Kong to scrap its curriculum in favor of one developed by China's Communist Party-led government, tens of thousands marched through the city chanting, "Down with national education!"
It was the summer of 2012, and the movement to stop Hong Kong's government from introducing China's national education into city schools launched the careers of activists like Joshua Wong, who later became an international celebrity for standing up to Beijing. After protesters besieged government headquarters for 10 straight days, officials backed down.
Now the government has returned with a scaled-back plan to change how history is taught in Hong Kong's secondary schools. Teachers, parents and legislators are worried about the changes.
The new proposed curriculum for city schools is missing key parts of modern Chinese history, like Hong Kong's 1967 pro-Communist riots against British rulers and the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989, when Chinese troops killed hundreds of unarmed pro-democracy demonstrators in Beijing.
"These are crucial parts of history being taken out," says secondary school history teacher Cheung Siu-Chung. "Teachers are asking what the rationale is behind this, and our own deputy secretary of education said these parts of history are trivial and aren't even worth mentioning. She literally said that."
The new proposed history curriculum for Hong Kong would go into effect in two years. It would require Hong Kong schools to spend more time teaching students about China's modern history — from the Communist revolution in 1949 through its transformation to an authoritarian, capitalist powerhouse today.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Philippe Lopez/AFP/Getty Images Philippe Lopez/AFP/Getty Images
The proposed curriculum carefully removes or skims over events deemed sensitive by China's Communist Party, like Mao Zedong's failed political campaigns that left tens of millions dead, as well as uprisings like Tiananmen, leaving it to teachers to decide whether they'll have time to teach these events.
"My only concern is that teachers are very busy in Hong Kong, they have so little teaching time and so much work, so that would be a potential problem," says Hong Kong legislator Alvin Yeung Ngok Kiu.
"I don't mind students being taught development and constructions and achievements that modern China has achieved. It's fine. Economically, they have done a great job," Yeung says. "But on the other hand, I expect the students to be taught what happened in the Cultural Revolution and the Tiananmen Square in 1989, so that students have a full picture of what happened."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rob Schmitz/NPR Rob Schmitz/NPR
Fellow Hong Kong legislator Tanya Chan says the struggle over education in Hong Kong is the latest battle with China over how the city is governed.
"We can see this kind of confrontation will get worse and worse," she says. "But of course at the same time, if we feel more and more vulnerable, then the control from the Chinese government over us will become stronger and stronger."
On a weekday afternoon in the Hong Kong neighborhood of Mong Kok, uniformed students stream out of schools for a half-hour of freedom before heading to nighttime cram schools. Timothy Ng is among them. The 17-year-old says history is one of his least favorite classes – too much focus on regurgitation of facts, he complains.
He says he learned more about China in literature class when he read George Orwell's dystopian novel 1984.
"It's a good reflection of the modern society we have today," he says,
"especially in the Chinese context, where you can see the government is a totalitarian one, and it wants the ability to implement education that is confining our thoughts over some topics."
Fellow student Matthew Chu says he and his class were on the verge of a history lesson last year when other students began handing out pamphlets.
"They gave some information — about how Hong Kong should be separated from China — in front of our school and give to our students," remembers Chu. "Then the teacher called them to go into a room and talk."
When they came out, the students had been disciplined. And that, says Chu, was the last he and his classmates heard about Hong Kong independence at school.
He says it was one of the best history lessons he's had.
NPR Shanghai bureau assistant Yuhan Xu (@Yuhan_Xu) contributed research to this story.
Caltanisetta, July 4 - An international gang devoted to the trafficking of Sicilian archaeological treasures has been broken up thanks to the work of Carabinieri art police, sources said on Wednesday. The investigation led to an operation coordinated by Europol and Eurojust in which 23 people were arrested in Italy, Britain, Germany and Spain, the sources said. The probe also made it possible to recover around 3,000 archaeological pieces with a combined value of around 20 million euros.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ever had that sinking feeling when you discover you've transferred money into the wrong account – and you don't know where it's gone?
Then you're one of 10% of bank customers who have accidentally done this at some point – and almost one in six have lost some or all of their cash.
This happens most often when people transfer money online or via mobile apps, according to research from Which?
When transferring money, banks request a name, account number and sort code but they don't check the name matches these details.
If you mistype a number and it doesn't match an existing account the money will bounce or go into a holding account – making it easier to get back.
But if you make a mistake and an account exists with your mis-typed number and sort code, the money will be transferred.
You cannot recall the money, even immediately, if it has gone into an account.
Harry Rose, Which? Money editor, said: "People can take simple steps to check they're sending money to the right person, such as transferring a small sum first to make sure it's received.
"If you realise you have transferred money into the wrong account, contact your bank immediately to stop the payment."
Banks are not legally liable for any losses if you make a transfer into a wrong account, although there are plans to bring in a "confirmation of payee" which will let you check the name before cash leaves your account.
This is expected by 2020.
What to do if you've accidentally made a mistake
(Photo: Getty)
If you've sent money to the wrong bank account, it's likely to have been processed as a 'Faster Payment'. This is a guaranteed fast delivery service - which often takes no longer than two seconds - although you can be stretched out to up to two hours.
If you accidentally make this mistake, you need to contact your bank straight away to let them know what has happened - offer as much detail as possible. While banks can't stop payments that have already been made, contacting it as soon as possible will help speed up the process of sorting it out - or freezing the funds at the other end.
Although with Faster Payments there's no guarantee you'll get your money back, if the person who accidentally received the money does not dispute returning it, it will be returned to the sender within 20 working days.
Where there is clear evidence of a genuine mistake, your bank will contact the receiving bank on your behalf requesting that the money isn't mistakenly spent by the person who accidentally received it.
It's a good idea to keep a note of all correspondence you have with the bank and also to make note of exactly when the error was made. Take screen grabs if it's through online/mobile banking, jot down names of staff members and of course the bank details of the wrong receipent.
If the bank need to investigate the issue, you should be aware that you may not see your money for up to 20-days.
Inform your bank as soon as possible. Call their emergency line if necessary.
Ask to cancel the payment if possible.
Note down all the payment details - and the error you've made.
Tips to protect your money transfer
As political parties' primaries continue this week, various political actors have a responsibility to ensure the exercise is devoid of violence and other disruptive activities that may further jolt the already fragile economy.
The election cycle— ironically, a time for the citizens to audit current leadership across the governance structures and an opportunity to inject new blood with new vision in the political landscape—has tended to hit the economy and eroded any gains.
The political uncertainty occasioned by violence, which is normally orchestrated before and after national polls, is toxic to investments, both new and old.
Central Bank of Kenya has already forecast a slow economic growth of 5.7 per cent this year down from 5.9 per cent in 2016 because of a multiplicity of reasons, with political uncertainties over the August General Election and the ongoing drought sticking out.
Earlier this month, the US State Department issued a travel alert to warn Americans residing in or travelling to Kenya of possible violence in the run-up to the August 8 election.
It warned its citizens to keep their security antennae up because of heightened political mobilisation ahead of a very highly charged poll.
This alert is not without reason because in the last few days the country has witnessed pockets of violence as various aspirants jostle to grab party tickets.
Most probably, it may get worse in coming days unless institutions charged with maintaining law and order flex their muscles to ensure law and order.
Studies have suggested that political uncertainty around elections creates economic uncertainty, which increases investors' risk aversion.
This happens in a number of ways. Foremost, political risk influences the operation of a country's financial markets because of uncertainty and investor flight.
Most investors and other players in the economy tend to adopt the wait-and-see approach before they can make decisions.
Besides the political polarisation, the World Bank warned earlier this year that the increased government spending during the electioneering period may crowd out private sector investment.
The Central Bank, too, has confirmed this reality by noting that in the past several months credit to the private sector has decreased, largely due to structural factors in the banking sector.
Against this backdrop, it can only be hoped that the political class will exercise restraint and care during the emotive period to spare the economy further shocks.
They must prevail their supporters respect the law and the wish of opponents. After all, the country needs a flourishing economy after August 8.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS (KPLR) – Alex Reyes' possible elbow injury brings a bevy of potential outcomes. Local sports rehabilitation expert Dr. Richard Lehman of the U.S. Center for Sports Medicine said Reyes could be looking at a season-ending surgery.
“Usually what happens is they get soreness, but they lose velocity; they're throwing 93, 94 (miles per hour), then 89 and 88,” Lehman said.
Lehman said if the elbow injury was severe, it could bench Reyes anywhere from eight weeks to nine months.
“It's the inside part of your elbow and it crosses the joint and it's maximally stressed every time you throw a pitch,” he said.
Lehman said a typical elbow injury for pitchers normally affects what doctors call the Tommy John ligament.
“The first thing you worry about is this Tommy John ligament; it can be career-ending or year-ending if you have surgery,” he said.
It's ultimately the amount of tearing in the ulnar collateral ligament will determine treatment and the amount of recovery time needed to get back on track. Tommy John surgery typically takes just an hour to complete.
“It's not that the healing takes a long time, but to get back to the level of college or professional pitcher takes a long time,” Lehman said.
Fresh Air Weekend: A Former Neo-Nazi Helps Others Disengage; Girls Auto Clinic Owner
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dennis Sevilla/Hachette Book Group Dennis Sevilla/Hachette Book Group
Fresh Air Weekend highlights some of the best interviews and reviews from past weeks, and new program elements specially paced for weekends. Our weekend show emphasizes interviews with writers, filmmakers, actors and musicians, and often includes excerpts from live in-studio concerts. This week:
A Former Neo-Nazi Explains Why Hate Drew Him In — And How He Got Out: Christian Picciolini spent eight years as a member of a violent, white power skinhead group. He eventually withdrew and co-founded a nonprofit to help extremists disengage.
Girls Auto Clinic Owner: 'I Couldn't Find A Female Mechanic, So I Had To Learn': There was a time when Patrice Banks avoided taking her car in for routine maintenance. Now, she's a trained mechanic, and the owner of a garage that caters to women.
You can listen to the original interviews here:
A Former Neo-Nazi Explains Why Hate Drew Him In — And How He Got Out
Girls Auto Clinic Owner: 'I Couldn't Find A Female Mechanic, So I Had To Learn'
Bruno Mars tapped Zendaya for the visuals to “Versace on the Floor” and it's only fitting that the pair both wear custom Versace in it.
The video takes place in a hotel, where Mars and Zendaya are staying in adjacent rooms. After catching glimpses of one another in the hallway and entering their respective spaces, Mars proceeds to serenade Zendaya through the wall.
His custom outfit includes a short-sleeved silk shirt, black pants and smoking slippers emblazoned with gold Medusa emblems. Zendaya, styled by Law Roach, dons a custom gold chainmail minidress with dramatic bell sleeves, a low neckline and an exposed zipper to highlight Mars' lyrics.
Mars has been on tour for his latest album, “24K Magic,” and Donatella Versace has shown him much love throughout. Last week, she shared her own version of the music video for “Versace on the Floor” and today, she declared her approval of Mars' official visuals.
Versace on the floor, indeed.
Watch as Zendaya's stylist Law Roach talks about her look for the “Spider-Man: Homecoming” premiere in the video below.
Flawless @zendaya , incredible @brunomars = perfection ✨🌟⭐️#versaceonthefloor #brunomars #zendaya A post shared by Donatella Versace (@donatella_versace) on Aug 14, 2017 at 1:15am PDT
When the flyest man out here calls you for one of the flyest songs out..you make it happen. #VersaceOnTheFloor @brunomars A post shared by Zendaya (@zendaya) on Aug 13, 2017 at 6:44pm PDT
More from WWD.com:
Zendaya, Rita Ora and More Attend Teen Choice Awards 2017
Donatella Versace Spotted Rocking Bruno Mars Concert in Milan
PITTSBURGH — There's a picture next to Antonio Brown's locker featuring the Pittsburgh Steelers star wide receiver and quarterback Ben Roethlisberger sharing a laugh. The photo includes a note from Roethlisberger saying "AB, we are unstoppable."
Turns out, there might be one thing that slows down one of the most prolific duos in the NFL: the increasingly viral dustups provided by Brown's antics.
The latest came last Sunday, when Brown took his frustrations out on a water cooler after Roethlisberger failed to see Brown running wide open early in a 26-9 victory over Baltimore. Roethlisberger later likened Brown's outburst to a "temper tantrum," one that forced Brown's teammates to spend a considerable portion of the week not talking about Pittsburgh's 3-1 start but Brown's occasionally divalike behaviour.
Brown knows it needs to stop. Soon.
"It can take away the morale of the group," Brown said Friday. "It can take away the morale of myself. Obviously I don't want (Ben) thinking I'm spazzing out because he does a great job of me getting me the ball and giving me the best chances to make plays. Just got to control my emotions ... and understand I've got an effect on every guy here."
Roethlisberger initially laughed off Brown's mini-meltdown but then went public during his weekly radio shows, chastising the 28-year-old Brown for setting a poor example for the rest of the roster.
"I never want to make the quarterback feel like I'm being a distraction or I've got any negativity toward him," said Brown, who is currently second in the NFL in both receptions and yards receiving heading into Sunday's game against Jacksonville. "He's the guy who gave me the opportunity. He's the guy who's been in my corner since I got here."
Brown's emergence as one of the most prolific receivers of his generation — he's the only player in league history with four consecutive seasons with at least 100 receptions and signed an extension in March that made him the highest-paid wideout in the league — has moved in lock step with his profile, one that has put him under a microscope. He drew a strong rebuke from head coach Mike Tomlin in January for livestreaming from the locker-room following a playoff win in Kansas City. He repeatedly expressed dissatisfaction with the six-year deal he signed in 2012 well before it expired even though the Steelers have a long-standing policy of not entering into negotiations until the penultimate season of a player's current contract.
"Obviously, I know the position I'm in," Brown said. "I've got to take responsibility and be a representative not only for the Steelers, but myself, my family. I've got to be smart."
Roethlisberger hinted Brown's behaviour had an effect on Brown's production over the course of the game. Brown was held to season lows in both receptions (four) and yards (34) even as Pittsburgh posted its most lopsided victory in Baltimore since the Ravens relocated from Cleveland more than two decades ago. Brown thinks Roethlisberger may have a point.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Five men have been charged with 10 counts of blackmail and six counts of conspiracy to supply cocaine and ecstasy.
The men were charged with blackmail offences after they took money from businesses in Bristol and South Gloucestershire.
Avon and Somerset Constabulary said they had charged five men with conspiracy to blackmail offences relating to obtaining money from local businesses.
The investigation saw the following five men charged.
Andrew Baker, 52, of Stoke Gifford, Bristol, has been charged with three counts of conspiracy to blackmail and two counts of conspiracy to supply class A drugs (cocaine and ecstasy)
Adam Hoddinott, 47, of The Circle, Bath, has been charged with three counts of conspiracy to blackmail and two counts of conspiracy to supply class A drugs (cocaine and ecstasy)
Matthew Sellars, 39, of Kingswood, has been charged with one count of conspiracy to blackmail and two counts of conspiracy to supply class A drugs (cocaine and ecstasy)
Andrew Wylde, 50, of Wotton-under-Edge, has been charged with two counts of conspiracy to blackmail
Matthew Newman, 32, of Temple Cloud, Bristol, has been charged with one count of conspiracy to blackmail
All are in custody pending court hearings except for Newman, who is on conditional bail to appear at Bristol Crown Court on 28 March.
High-flying Bristol teacher had sexual intercourse and oral sex with pupil in aeroplane toilet
Hoddinott and Sellars will appear at Bristol Magistrates' Court on 21 March and the remaining two will next appear at Bristol Crown Court on 28 March.
Anyone with information relating to this inquiry is asked to call Investigations on 101 and give the call handler the reference number 5217114502.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Take it from a festival veteran, if there's one thing worse than a mud bath at festival, it's forgetting something important.
Although you can buy things there if you really need to, it will cost you the earth. So ensuring you're fully kitted out in advance will save you a pretty penny (and more cash for ciders).
To help you prep, we've put together the ultimate list of everything you need - from the all-important sleeping bag to a never-ending supply of baby wipes - at the best prices online.
(Image: Getty)
Use our full checklist below and spend less time rummaging around for what you need, and more time choosing which bands you want to see first.
The ultimate festival shopping list:
(Image: Getty)
Tent
First things first, you will need a tent. Don't even think of not taking one. This 4-man tent from Go Outdoors has 28% off making it just £25.00 and will keep you warm and dry. You can find other budget but good quality tents from Freedom, Vango and Coleman.
Top tip - Get a tent that's 'a size up', that extra person's room will make all the difference when you're not packed in like sardines.
Sleeping bag
Next up, you will need a sleeping bag. This one from Decathlon, is perfect to keep warm in chilly summer evenings. And it's only £5.99 , which for a quality sleeping bag is a steal.
(Image: Getty)
Air bed
After a few years sleeping on a cheap yoga mat (I wouldn't recommend it), I've invested in a self inflating airbed .
It's not even really an 'investment' too, as they currently have £5 off at Halfords. They flatten and roll into nothing, but those few centimetres of air when inflated will make a massive difference.
Backpack
You'll also need something to get it all there in. Go Outdoors have made a massive reduction on this Hi Gear backpack, with 42% off for £20.00 . There are loads of pockets, and space, making it perfect for carrying everything you need, and easy to find things in your tent.
(Image: Getty)
Wellies
Wellies are an absolute must, even in good weather, this Karrimor pair from M and M Direct are half price , meaning you can have quality boots which keep your feet dry for a fraction of the price.
Rain mac
Also buy a lightweight anorak, to keep dry when the rain inevitably strikes. Boohoo's mens is currently reduced to £7 , and their women's choice is a cool £10 . Ladies, we love this clear one from ASOS too.
Portable charger
This charger may not be the cheapest, but for a few pounds more it's worth it. This Raw Power charger has enough juice for at least six full charges of most smart phones, it's £20 but it's one of the best.
Toilet roll
Save space in your bag and grab tissues over toilet roll, a pack of six is only 69p. Let's just leave that one there shall we?
Sun cream
You'll be outside all weekend and looking at this forecast you'll need to make sure you're sun safe. This Mailbu suncream is only £2, so no more burnt shoulders and foreheads.
Knee socks
If the weather's nice and you're in shorts, make sure you pick up some over knee socks , they'll stop the top of your wellies rubbing your legs.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
Folding chair
You can't stay on your feet all day, so make sure to invest in a camping chair, they fold into nothing and will save you sitting on the muddy floor all weekend, this one is under £8 from Argos.
Travel pillow
A travel pillow will make your tent feel more like bed, sleeping on a rolled up jumper is no where near as nice. This orange one is bright, light and only £6.47.
Don't forget wet wipes, hand santiser and vitamin C tablets - these handy extras will make your life a lot easier.
Squash
We'd guess this is not first on your list of festival must-haves, but squash will save your hangover. If it's hot, and you're feeling muggy, pocket sized squashes will help you get hydrated, and taste slightly better than water out of a tap. They're also good at disguising the taste of the warm cider you brought in...
Now for the fun stuff...
(Image: Getty)
Face/body glitter
Sparkle all day and night in this long lasting glitter from Karizma , you'll need to attach it with vaseline, but it'll shine as long as you do. Don't go for arts and crafts glitter, it'll hurt.
Dry shampoo
Give the dry shampoo a break and pick up a cheap wig (you may need it by day four), plus there's also the added bonus of being easy to find in the field.
Fairy lights
Battery operated fairy lights are perfect for brightening up your tent, plus they look great.
Sunglasses
Pick out a pair of party suitable sunglasses, it's a festival, so try not to stick to plain black. ASOS has a number under £10 for men and women.
Discover and create stunning posts in seconds, right in the Hootsuite scheduling tool!
GRAPHICS EDITOR NOW AVAILABLE ON HOOTSUITE
2. Customize or create new visuals in Hootsuite
1. Discover 100,000 visuals for social media
PromoRepublic's template library is available in Hootsuite now! You get access to visuals and post ideas for more than 20 business categories, plus templates for holidays, events, special occasions and trends.
Customize and publish as many as 100,000 visuals and templates right in your Hootsuite dashboard
This app for Hootsuite is totally free to try and will cost you nothing but a few seconds of your time. Click the button on this page and start creating visual posts right in your Hootsuite account. You can easily turn the app on or off any time.
Free, Quick & No Obligations!
Hootsuite finally gets a graphics editor!
Easily customize our pre-made templates before posting, or create new ones. Our intuitive graphics editor allows you to personalize a template with your title, texts, logos and images.
3. Schedule or publish with just 1 click
New Delhi: Only a thorough investigation will reveal the reason for the deaths of young children in Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh, but if it is Japanese Encephalitis, it means the return of an old scourge that appeared to be under control over the past few years.
One theory blames the lack of oxygen—arising from delayed payments to a supplier who, after several threats, stopped supplies.
Another blames Japanese Encephalitis, a disease that has plagued eastern Uttar Pradesh for several decades. It is a disease that is spread through pigs, wild birds and mosquitoes, and spikes during the rainy season.
According to the latest data available with the ministry of health and family welfare till 6 August 2017, the maximum burden of Japanese Encephalitis is in Assam with 458 cases and 64 deaths (so far this year), followed by Manipur with 126 cases and five deaths and Uttar Pradesh with 97 cases and three deaths.
The numbers—with the usual caveat on the accuracy of all such databases being only as good as the reporting of the disease—bear out a recent trend of Uttar Pradesh hopefully having succeeded in its efforts against the disease.
In 2016, Assam witnessed 304 cases and 68 deaths, followed by West Bengal with 50 cases and 10 deaths and Uttar Pradesh with 25 cases and two deaths.
The database also seems to suggest that there were three districts of Gorakhpur reporting a significant number of Japanese Encephalitis cases (till 6 August).
The first recorded outbreak of the disease in Gorakhpur and six surrounding districts was as early as in 1978. In 2005, Gorakhpur and seven surrounding districts witnessed over 6,061 cases and over 1,123 deaths. This was followed by outbreaks in 2006 that infected 2,320 and killed 528, and again in 2007, that infected 3,024 and killed 645.
The central government asked the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) to intervene and chalk out a plan to prevent the cases swallowing lives. “The disease was playing havoc in last few decades, but now we have put in major efforts and the situation in Uttar Pradesh has improved. We introduced a onetime vaccination drive in 2006. Then we again did a round of vaccination in 2010. And, from 2011 the Japanese Encephalitis vaccine has been included in the Universal Immunisation Program ” said Dr Soumya Swaminathan, secretary, Department of Health Research, Union health ministry and director general at ICMR.
Japanese Encephalitis is a viral disease that infects animals and humans. It causes inflammation of the membranes around the brain. Generally, the infections are mild (fever and headache) or without apparent symptoms, but sometimes, around one in 200 infections can result in rapid onset of high grade fever, headache, neck stiffness, disorientation, coma, seizures, spastic paralysis and death.
“Japanese Encephalitis deaths are preventable. The Uttar Pradesh government has done so much work for patients, such as setting up special wards and setting aside specialist doctors (for the treatment of the disease),” she adds, expressing surprise at the number of deaths being attributed in some quarters to Japanese Encephalitis.
By 2015, she added, the number of Japanese Encephalitis cases around India had fallen to 10% of all encephalitis types.
“The situation in Gorakhpur has improved in past few years after we pushed the government. There are other states which haven't improved much,” said Dr R.N. Singh, a paediatrician based in Gorakhpur.
Michael Flynn Left The Trump White House This Week. Here's How That Happened
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bloomberg via Getty Images Bloomberg via Getty Images
The events leading to Michael Flynn's resignation as national security adviser accelerated this week, with constant new updates about what he said, to whom and when. But the path to that step has been unfolding since at least last summer. Here's a timeline of key events that eventually led to the resignation of a top presidential adviser, less than one month into the Trump administration.
June through November, 2016
Early in the summer, the Washington Post reports that hackers in the Russian government have breached the Democratic National Committee. Sources from the DNC and security experts tell the Post that the hackers had access to opposition research on Trump, as well as internal emails and chats.
In late July, WikiLeaks posts a searchable database of more than 19,000 emails stolen from the DNC computer servers. Compromising information in the emails leads to the resignation of Debbie Wasserman Schultz as DNC Chair.
Donald Trump, meanwhile, eggs the Russians on.
"Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing," he says.
Trump repeatedly downplays the hacks in the coming months, saying in a debate that China or "somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds" could have been behind the breaches. Days after the U.S. intelligence community says it's "confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of emails," Trump dismisses concerns about the breach.
"You ever notice anything that goes wrong, they blame Russia? 'Russia did it.' They have no idea," he says in a speech.
Nov. 8, 2016
Donald Trump wins the presidential election.
Nov. 18, 2016
President-elect Trump announces that Flynn will be his national security adviser. Flynn, it is later reported, had been in contact with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak before the election.
Dec. 9, 2016
Then-President Obama orders a "full review" of digital attacks aimed at influencing U.S. elections, going back to 2008.
The Washington Post reports that the CIA has determined that the Russian government was seeking to help Trump win the election.
The Trump transition office issues a statement:
"These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction," the statement says. "The election ended a long time ago in one of the biggest Electoral College victories in history. [Note: This is incorrect.] It's now time to move on and 'Make America Great Again.' "
Dec. 12, 2016
Trump tweets: "Unless you catch 'hackers' in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?"
Dec. 15, 2016
Trump tweets, "If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?"
Secretary of State John Kerry says on CNN that President Obama did issue a warning about Russian hacking, but he also "had to be obviously sensitive to not being viewed as interfering on behalf of a candidate or against a candidate or in a way that promoted unrealistic assessments about what was happening."
President Obama tells NPR's Steve Inskeep that the U.S. will strike back against Russia, one way or another, in response to that country's attempts to influence the U.S. election.
"I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections, that we need to take action," he says. "And we will — at a time and place of our own choosing. Some of it may be explicit and publicized; some of it may not be."
He added, "But Mr. Putin is well aware of my feelings about this, because I spoke to him directly about it."
Dec. 25, 2016
Flynn and Kislyak exchange text messages wishing each other happy holidays (per remarks later made by Sean Spicer, on Jan. 13, 2017).
Dec. 29, 2016
Obama ejects 35 Russian diplomats from the United States and introduces new sanctions against Russia's Federal Security Service, the FSB; the country's main foreign intelligence agency, known as the GRU; along with four GRU officers and three companies that did business with GRU.
In addition, the Obama administration announces it will be closing down two compounds in the U.S. it says were "used by Russian personnel for intelligence-related purposes."
Dec. 29 is also when the conversations between Flynn and Ambassador Kislyak regarding sanctions took place (this story would break on Jan. 12, 2017). According to a Washington Post story from Feb. 9, two officials "said that Flynn urged Russia not to overreact to the penalties being imposed by President Barack Obama, making clear that the two sides would be in position to review the matter after Trump was sworn in as president."
Jan. 6, 2017
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence releases a declassified report finding that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election, and that a major part of that was the hacking of emails at the Democratic National Committee.
"Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help President-elect Trump's election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting her unfavorably to him," the report says. The authors added that "Russia's goals were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process."
Trump meets with intelligence officials for a briefing on the report's contents. Afterward, he releases a statement lumping Russia in with China and "other countries" and insisting that the hacking had "absolutely no effect" on the election's outcome:
"While Russia, China, other countries, outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee, there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines."
However, as then-Intelligence Director James Clapper had told John McCain just one day earlier, it's impossible to know the impact: "Certainly the intelligence community can't gauge the impact that it had on choices that the electorate made. There is no way for us to gauge that."
Jan. 10, 2017
Then-Attorney General nominee (and Alabama Sen.) Jeff Sessions says in his confirmation hearing that he "has no reason to doubt" the report's conclusions tying Putin to the DNC hack.
Jan. 11, 2017
In his confirmation hearing, then-Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson acknowledges that he thinks it's "a fair assumption" that Putin had knowledge of the plot to influence the U.S. election. He also adds that the intelligence report on Russian hacking "clearly is troubling."
Jan. 12, 2017
The Washington Post's David Ignatius reports that "a senior U.S. government official, Flynn phoned Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak several times on Dec. 29," the same day that the Obama administration announced the new sanctions and removal of Russian diplomats.
Jan. 13, 2017
White House press secretary Sean Spicer says that a conversation took place between Flynn and Kislyak, but that the conversation was on Dec. 28, and that it wasn't about sanctions.
He said that Kislyak texted Flynn on the 28th, asking if he could give Flynn a call. Kislyak then called that day, and according to Spicer, "the call centered around the logistics of setting up a call with the president of Russia and the president-elect after he was sworn in, and they exchanged logistical information on how to initiate and schedule that call. That was it, plain and simple."
This later proved to be untrue.
Jan. 15, 2017
Officials from the Justice Department and intelligence agencies discuss "whether the incoming Trump White House should be notified about the contents of the Flynn-Kislyak communications," as the Washington Post has reported.
Later that day, on CBS's Face the Nation, Vice President Pence says the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak had nothing to do with sanctions.
"What I can confirm, having spoken to him about it, is that those conversations that happened to occur around the time that the United States took action to expel diplomats had nothing whatsoever to do with those sanctions," Pence said.
Upon further questioning from Dickerson, Pence added, "I don't believe there were more conversations," as well as, "I can confirm those elements were not a part of that discussion."
After the Pence interview, the Post reports, the Justice and intelligence officials thought the issue was "more urgent ... because U.S. intelligence agencies had reason to believe that Russia was aware that Flynn and Kislyak had discussed sanctions in their December call, contrary to public statements."
Jan. 19, 2017
According to the Washington Post, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, DNI James Clapper, and CIA Director John Brennan discuss whom in the administration should be briefed on the Flynn-Kislyak communications.
Jan. 26, 2017
The Justice Department notifies the White House counsel of discrepancies between what Flynn and Pence had claimed about the phone call between Flynn and Kislyak, as Spicer reported at a Feb. 14 White House press briefing.
Feb. 8, 2017
In an interview, Flynn twice denies having discussed sanctions with Kislyak, according to the Washington Post.
Feb. 9, 2017
A Flynn spokesman says that the retired lieutenant general "indicated that while he had no recollection of discussing sanctions, he couldn't be certain that the topic never came up," according to the Post.
This is also the day Vice President Pence "became aware of the incomplete information he'd received ... based on media accounts," according to Pence press secretary Marc Lotter, who spoke to reporters on Feb. 14.
Feb. 13, 2017
Kellyanne Conway tells MSNBC that Flynn "does enjoy the full confidence of the president."
Later in the day, press secretary Sean Spicer says that Trump is "evaluating the situation" regarding Flynn.
That night, Michael Flynn resigns as national security adviser. In a statement, he admits accidental wrongdoing:
"Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador. I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President, and they have accepted my apology."
The White House announces that retired Lt. General Joseph Keith Kellogg Jr. will be acting national security adviser.
Feb. 14, 2017
Two Trump transition officials confirm to NPR that Flynn did talk to Kislyak on Dec. 29.
Sean Spicer says that 17 days prior, White House Counsel Donald McGahn had told the president that Flynn had been wrong when he told Pence he hadn't discussed sanctions with Kislyak, as reported by the New York Times.
At a press briefing, Spicer says of the resignation, "We got to a point not based on a legal issue, but based on a trust issue," adding that Trump was "concerned that Gen. Flynn had misled the vice president and others."
Politico reports that there's still more to come on the Flynn story, according to the ranking member of the House Intelligence committee:
"Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) told House Democrats Tuesday that the recent revelations about former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn's conversations with the Russians are only the beginning, and more information will surface in the coming days, according to multiple sources in a closed party meeting."
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell indicates that the Senate Intelligence Committee will investigate Flynn's contacts with Russian officials, and Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., a member of the intelligence committee says Flynn should meet with the committee "very soon."
With reporting from Barbara Van Woerkom.
Authorities temporarily closed a stretch of one Detroit freeway to search for shell casings or other evidence in the apparently random shootings of four vehicles last week.
State police Lt. Michael Shaw says Monday likely would be the final day for such a search because snow is expected and snowplows will be clearing the pavement.
About two miles of westbound Interstate 94 on Detroit's east side was closed late Monday morning. Due to the weather, state police decided not to shut down a stretch of Interstate 96 where two of the shootings occurred.
Authorities have said they believe Thursday's shootings are linked. A motorist on I-94 was shot in the leg. No one was hurt in the other three vehicles that were shot.
Police say they're looking for a silver or gray sedan.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Arkansas-based Tyson Foods Inc. says one of its employees was among those shot at a congressional baseball practice Wednesday.
Tyson spokesman Gary Mickelson identified the wounded employee as Matt Mika. He says Mika was taken to a hospital and that the company is awaiting word on his condition.
Mickelson says Mika is director of government relations for Tyson's Washington, D.C., office and that he's worked for the company for more than six years.
He says the company is “deeply concerned” about Mika and his family.
Based in Springdale, Arkansas, Tyson Foods is one of the world's largest producers of chicken, beef and pork.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
These are the injuries suffered by a pensioner after her handbag was snatched by a thief in a city centre.
Eileen Flynn was dragged to the floor in Coventry on Monday evening by a man who ran off with her bag.
The 79-year-old was with black eyes and a broken arm which has been placed in a plaster cast.
Detectives released an image of Eileen with her family's permission in a bid to track down her attacker.
Her grand-daughter Laura Hughes described the attack as “disgusting” and appealed for the public's help.
She said: “My nan is still quite active, she has her bus pass and likes to get out and about.
(Photo: SWNS.com)
“She'd popped into the pub with her friends for a half of shandy and to play some games.
“She was attacked not long after she left and she had about £70 in her bag.
“It's disgusting someone can put an old woman in hospital for the sake of a relatively small sum of money.
“The doctors have said her arm is broken in five places so it's going to take her a long time to recover.
Det Con Karim Elliott, from West Midlands Police , said: “This is a truly sickening attack on a vulnerable lady.
“We need to catch the person responsible before they do it again.”
It's believed the attacker was wearing a reddish coat or jacket and ran off down Crabmill Lane with the two-handled black bag.
DLF promoters are reportedly likely to enter into an agreement with Singapore's sovereign wealth fund GIC to sell their 40% stake in rental arm for an estimated Rs13,000 crore. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
New Delhi: Shares of DLF soared nearly 17% on Monday following reports that its promoters are likely to enter into an agreement, later in August, with Singapore's sovereign wealth fund GIC to sell their 40% stake in its rental arm for an estimated Rs13,000 crore.
The stock skyrocketed 16.51% to settle at Rs181.05 on the BSE. Intra-day, it surged 18.53% to Rs184.20.
At the National Stock Exchange (NSE), shares of the company zoomed 16.77% to end at Rs181.65.
The company added Rs4,576.71 crore to its market valuation, which stood at Rs32,299.71 crore.
On the volume front, 29.09 lakh shares of the company were traded on the BSE and over three crore shares changed hands at the NSE during the day.
In October 2015, DLF had announced that its promoters would sell their entire stake in the DLF Cyber City Developers Ltd (DCCDL), which holds the bulk of the commercial assets of the group. The promoters had in March entered into an exclusivity pact with GIC to negotiate on this transaction.
According to market sources, both the parties are likely to sign definitive agreement by August-end.
Illustration: Jayachandran/Mint
How critical is the population-age structure of an economy to the effectiveness of monetary policy? Not very, if one were to go by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which, in its recent bimonthly monetary policy report, has identified six key factors that are likely to affect domestic inflation going forward. These include crude prices, global financial developments, household inflationary expectations, house rent allowance (HRA) revisions, revisions in the minimum support price (MSP), and good monsoons. However, a recent Bank for International Settlements paper by Mikael Juselius and Elod Takats, The Enduring Link Between Demography And Inflation (goo.gl/R63HKw), offers an interesting counter-perspective, at least as far as advanced economies are concerned.
Using long-panel data for 22 advanced economies over the period 1870-2016, the authors find a positive correlation between the share of dependent population and inflation, while working-age population share is negatively correlated with inflation. An increase in the proportion of dependants—by increasing consumption rates and lowering the savings rate—can be expected to increase inflation, while the reverse is expected to happen when the working-age population increases. Moreover, the degree of inflation tolerance and monetary policies of any central bank are also a function of political economy considerations such as the proportion of youth in the population, who, as borrowers, may prefer inflation, unlike the old, who, as savers, may dislike it.
The authors dismiss the role of conventional “endogenous inflation drivers”, especially inflationary expectations, in advanced economy contexts. In recent years, however, managing inflationary expectations has emerged as a critical success factor in inflation management in diverse countries like Japan and India.
Is there something Indian policymakers are missing? How does India's large working-age population, constituting its so-called demographic dividend, impact monetary policy?
In India, over 2000-2017, working-age population has risen. But unlike in the case of developed economies (as posited by Juselius and Takats), the domestic household saving rate (relative to consumption) has fallen instead of rising.
Despite this, inflation has fallen due to active inflation management by the RBI. This implies that the pressure on monetary policy has been considerable. To ease that pressure and take advantage of the rising working-age population, job creation and the resultant generation of net savings is critical.
Employment data for the period January-April 2017 and January-April 2018 (goo.gl/qimRRH) reveals the challenge that could be posed to monetary policy by the lack of adequate job creation. Thus, while the working-age population in India grew by 2% in January-April 2018 over January-April 2017, the employment rate in the working-age group has fallen—albeit marginally—over the period (from 95.3% to 94.4%).
Such a marginal decline masks the marked decline in the proportion employed in the younger 15-24 cohort. Here, the employment rate has fallen from 79.8% to 72.9% over the relevant period.
From the monetary management perspective, however, more worrisome is the decline in labour force participation rate in both the 15-24 age group and in the 65+ age group by 0.5% and 7.2%, respectively, in this period. The decline in labour force participation rate in the 15-24 age group becomes more pronounced when compared with the pre-demonetization period—from 31.7% in January-April 2016 to 23% in January-April 2018.
A decline in the labour force participation rate in the 15-24 age group implies a systematic dropping out of youth from the job market. From a policy perspective, it is critical to understand the reasons for such a phenomenon. One such reason may be more youth opting to pursue higher education, which may have a favourable impact on increasing the skilled labour force.
Alternatively, the dropped-out cohort may comprise those not in employment, education or training (Neet), with socio-economic ramifications for productivity improvements and social stability in the long run. More importantly, a rise in the proportion of Neet, with its low current and future saving potential, renders the job of monetary policy in controlling inflation more difficult.
Similarly, the large decline in labour force participation rates among the elderly reduces their overall income and increases consumption proportionately, again posing inflationary challenges.
The ramifications of population-age structure on monetary policy in the context of emerging economies have been relatively ignored by policymakers. Job creation would be an important mediator variable in this context, providing one more compelling reason why the government needs to pay attention to this political hot potato. Understanding lower labour force participation rates among the young and older cohorts, as also creating more productive jobs, may hold the key to reaping the demographic dividend for monetary management purposes.
Policymakers need to recognize the genuine opportunity that our demographic dividend presents to mitigate inflationary concerns and reduce the reliance on excessive monetary management over time.
Tulsi Jayakumar is professor of economics and programme head, PGP-FMB, at the S P Jain Institute of Management and Research, Mumbai.
On any list of the “10 Hottest Names to become an NFL head coach in 2018,” Josh McDaniels is near the top.
Tom Brady and Bill Belichick have been chiefly responsible for the Patriots' nearly two-decade dynasty; did you know that when McDaniels left for three years – two as head coach of the Broncos and one as offensive coordinator of the Rams – the Patriots didn't win a Super Bowl? (They did get there, but lost to the Giants, 21-17.)
Little known fact about the current offensive coordinator of the Patriots: McDaniels has been with Brady and Belichick for all five Super Bowl victories. McDaniels joined the team as a personnel assistant in 2001 before moving to QB coach by 2004.
The last thing McDaniels, 41, has left to prove is as a head coach. He got too much power too early in his Denver career as coach and GM, and was bounced before his 2nd season was already complete.
McDaniels clearly knows offense, and has worked in lockstep with Brady for over a decade. McDaniels is the kind of name young QBs would want to learn from.
Enter the New York Jets.
They're going to be the worst team in the NFL this year. The offense is going to be painful to watch and that's after they lost their best skill position player, a guy you've probably never heard of if you live outside of New York or don't play fantasy football.
So enter McDaniels and … Sam Darnold with the #1 pick in the NFL draft?
That's what I discussed with Peter King Saturday on Fox Sports Radio, and he came out of left field with a stunner:
Remember Peyton Manning in 1997? Everybody thought he was going to come out and play for the Jets and Bill Parcells. Well, there were reasons why he didn't come out. The worst thing anybody can do – like with the Jets – is to design their 2018 draft plans around Sam Darnold. Because he can wake up on Jan 11th, call his dad and basically say, ‘I'm not coming out in the draft. I want another year out here.' … What happens if the New York Jets go and try to hire Josh McDaniels … here's the one issue I would say. Who would you rather have of your choice opening day QB in 2018? Jimmy Garoppolo or Sam Darnold? Tough call, isn't it?
McDaniels-to-the Jets gets fascinating because he's also worked with Garoppolo, and what if the Patriots dangle him on the trade market because Tom Brady can play a couple more years?
Would the Patriots trade a potential star QB within the division? I think that's a dead giveaway they don't view Garoppolo as a franchise QB. If you're wondering about rivals trading, it's been done before between these two teams, though it didn't work out well for the Jets.
The Jets are going to be far more interesting off-the-field this year with speculation about 2018, than they are on it.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Christmas period often proves to be a popular time for football fans to gather in their numbers, something which is proving extremely prevalent as far as Bristol City are concerned.
Less than 300 tickets left for the Robins' visit to Loftus Road on Saturday December 23, an encounter which last season, saw QPR steal a late victory through Idrissa Sylla.
City will be expecting to sell-out the entirety of their 1,797 match-day allocation and continue their impressive away form, having not suffered defeat on the road since August when they were beaten by Birmingham City.
The New Year's Day trip to Aston Villa has also been in high demand, selling over 1,350 tickets as Lee Johnson's side look to kick-off 2018 in style. This, another fixture which saw City have defeat inflicted upon them, losing 2-0 back in February, in a game where former Robins player Jonathan Kodija scored the opening goal.
Tickets remain exclusively available to season cardholders until 10:00AM on Friday, when members will then be able to purchase seats for the top-six clash.
(Photo credit: Jen Myers)
Lots of sweets & sweet moments this weekend. After spending Friday afternoon at West County Center with our $10,000 Holiday Shopping Spree winner, I brought home a giant MARSHMELLOW (yes, that's a marshmellow) from the Build-A-Bear Bakeshop. It's a new pop-up shop, and the only one of its kind, at West County Center. The kids ate the giant treat while we watched Elf (one of our holiday traditions).
Look at those puppy snuggles! My kids tell George 20 times a day, easily, that they love him!
Saturday, I took Nora to the St. Louis Art Museum for The Nutcracker.
(Photo credit: Jen Myers)
Dance Center of Kirkwood put on the performance, and they'll be performing this weekend at the Robert Reim Theatre in Kirkwood. Nora was so excited to see her teacher, Ms. Chiao, as the Sugar Plum Fairy.
We wrapped the weekend by decorating cookies with friends. Do you see all the frosting on those cookies? I'm pretty sure they're only edible if you're under the age of 10.
Design Thinking Could Help Those Who Want To Get Unstuck
Psychologists and self help gurus have advice for people who feel stuck. If you're looking for new ways to reboot your life as you enter the new year, you could also turn to the tech world.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Is there nothing Bajan pop beauty Rihanna can't do?
Hot on the heels of her hugely successful make-up range, the star has just revealed she's launching her own lingerie line - and of course did the big reveal in style.
The Umbrella singer teased fans on social media with a jaw-dropping shot of her curvaceous body on full display in a sexy sheer pink and white ensemble.
The beauty, who is seductively staring away from camera, captioned the sizzling shot: "Het ya didn't know it's #nationalingerieday got a lil treat for my ladies.... #SAVAGEXFENTY is coming to you worldwide on MAY 11th!!
(Image: WENN.com)
(Image: WENN.com)
Rihanna has been praised for making the new line inclusive for women of all sizes, with bras going from 32A to 44DD, while the underwear sizes range from XS to 3X.
The star's beauty line was named one of Time Magazine's Best Inventions of 2017 and was hailed for its inclusivity.
When it launched, the brand featured a massive 40 different foundation shades.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
RYAN Brown lashed a magnificent unbeaten century as Nantwich took advantage of slip-ups from the ECB Premier's top two on Saturday.
The Dabbers hammered struggling hosts Cheadle by 145 runs – inspired by Brown's 131no from 98 balls – to take a 25-point haul.
And on the same day leaders Chester Boughton Hall and second-placed Alderley Edge suffered shock defeats, throwing the Cheshire County League title race open again.
Third-placed Nantwich are now 30 points off top spot and are unquestionably the form team in the division, with five of their last seven unbeaten matches being victories and the other two winning draws.
But it's not just their own form which will surely convince Brown – skipper for the day in the absence of injured Ray Doyle – and his men that the Dabbers are in the hunt with five games to play.
They had the best of Chester in a draw the previous week, and the front-runners were dismissed for 90 in a defeat by fifth-placed Timperley.
And with Alderley Edge rocked by a reverse at rock-bottom Bowdon, there are signs of the pressure telling at the summit.
Nantwich showed no sign of nerves at second-bottom Cheadle, though.
Invited to bat first, opener Henry Dobson (48) laid a solid platform, and though Adam Simpson (5) and Niall O'Brien (16) didn't stick around long, Brown was in sensational form.
He plundered 11 fours and seven sixes in a knock which put the game firmly within his side's grasp.
Luke Robinson contributed a decent 22 before Doyle called them in on 242-6.
Another player on song is James Warrington, and he wasted no time in destabalising Cheadle's reply.
He took out three of their top four on his way to figures of 4-48, and the hosts were in trouble at 66-4.
And it got worse for them, as Oliver Griffiths hit his stride and returned 5-20 from 16 overs which included nine maidens.
Cheadle were 97ao in 38.1 overs, and the Dabbers were back in the hunt.
They face a vital clash with fourth-placed Toft at Whitehouse Lane this weekend (Saturday, 12.30pm).
Meanwhile, the club's 2nds continued their good form with a 10-wicket demolition of struggling Upton 2nds.
Scott Edwards (5-40) and Ben Mogg (3-21) did most of the damage as the home side were dismissed for 87.
And Chris Simpson (58no) and Rob Howell (28no) made short work of getting Nantwich to 92-0 in reply.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The latest episode of the Bristol Post's Bristol City podcast has arrived as Michelle Owen and Gregor MacGregor reflect on the January transfer window for the Robins.
They discuss how Deadline Day went for the Robins with Lee Johnson already completing all his business but several players leaving either on loan or on a permanent move.
The chat about how interest from the Premier League was building in City's star players ahead of the window closing but the club stood firm and kept hold of their key men.
Gregor has the very latest on Gustav Engval who stayed with the club despite strong interest from abroad. It seems the striker could still depart despite the transfer window being closed.
Don't forget to subscribe to the Robins On The Wire podcast and to rate us on iTunes. Details below:
We're up to episode 12 of our Bristol City podcast, as ever, welcome your support, so have a listen and let us know what you think.
To get involved, to give us your feedback and to suggest topics for us to talk about, email aidan.mccartney@trinitymirror.com
On iTunes
1) Search for Robins On The Wire and find the Bristol Post's podcast or click here.
2) Click subscribe under the Robins On The Wire podcast logo.
On Audioboom
1) Search for Robins On The Wire or click here.
2) Click the follow button
Using the RSS feed
If you want to add Robins On The Wire to another podcast player, go to the Add RSS Feed area and then paste:
https://audioboom.com/channels/4930804.rss
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHESTERFIELD, Mo. - Police responded to a Chesterfield apartment complex Friday after a teenager barricaded himself in an apartment.
The standoff began at 3 p.m. at the Village Green Apartments, located near Clayton Road and Highway 141, causing major traffic backups Friday afternoon.
Chesterfield Police Sgt. Keith Rider said they got a call from a member of the teen boy's family, who was inside one of the apartment units in the Village Green subdivision. They told police the teen was making very serious suicidal threats. Rider said no one else was inside the apartment, but they did believe that the teenager was armed.
Police evacuated the apartments in the immediate area and shut down Village Green Parkway around 3 p.m. This caused major traffic backups along a busy stretch of Clayton Road.
The St. Louis County Tactical Team arrived on scene at around 5:30 p.m.
The standoff ended peacefully at 7 p.m. and police got the teenager out of the apartment. He was headed to the hospital for evaluation.
Rider said that was the best outcome they could have asked for.
The credits of the Assamese film Village Rockstars are proof of director Rima Das's commitment to bringing the story of a 10-year-old girl who yearns for an electric guitar to the screen.
Village Rockstars has been written, directed, produced, shot and designed by Das. “It is a positive story about hope and desire, and children bring positivity,” said the filmmaker.
Shot over nearly three years since 2014 over 150 days, Village Rockstars was premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in September and will be screened at the Mumbai Film Festival (October 12-18). Starring Bhanita Das, Basanti Das, Kulada Bhattyacharya, Manabendra Das and Boloram Das, Village Rockstars is woven around Dhunu's pursuit of an electric guitar in Assam's Chhayagaon village.
“You could say that the soul of the film occurred from my childhood,” said Das, who hails from Chhaygaon. “I used to be a tomboy like her, climbing trees and swimming in the river. Activities like this are drawn from my life.”
Play Village Rockstars (2017).
The film challenges gender stereotypes, but in an organic way, Das explained. “I wanted to show it in a very subtle way,” she said. “It is just a part of life. In my childhood, I was the only girl who used to climb trees. It is a mindset with people that generally girls do not do these things. Such things are not forbidden. But if you do these things, they put you in boxes and call you a tomboy. Dhunu likes to do all these things.”
Das's debut feature, Man with the Binoculars (2016), explored the story of a man in his final stages of life. It was during the shooting of this film in Assam in 2013 that Das came across a band of local boys playing make-believe instruments to music emerging from a tape recorder. “They were miming by using thermocol instruments,” she said. “That really interested me. Even though they were imagining it, their body language was so fascinating and looked very real.”
Except for Kulada Bhattyacharya, who plays a wise old man in the film, every other actor is a local from Chhayagaon. “I had my own camera and did my own auditions,” Das said. “I had the freedom to pick and cast my own characters. Because I started my career as an actor, that really helped me in the audition.”
Village Rockstars (2017).
Das came to Mumbai over eight years ago to become an actor, but got drawn to filmmaking instead. Both her films are set in her home state, which she calls a natural decision. “I would love to work in the Hindi language and tell the city's story,” she said. “But when I started making films, I was still an amateur because I had never gotten any education from film schools. So I thought it would be better to tell stories about my people, because I know them really well. It was not intentional. I am more comfortable when I know the people and the situations.”
Her debut feature was self-funded, but Das has extended herself for her second production by taking charge of most of the major filmmaking departments. “If there are people, there are limitations,” Das said. “I wanted to experiment and improvise more with this project, which I maybe could not have done with a crew.”
The feat had its share of hiccups and challenges. “Children grow very fast,” she said. “Funding aside, that was the most challenging, because through the course of filming, I did not want them to lose their charm. However, these things are momentary.”
Best New Kickstarters For August 10, 2017
8 Smart New Kickstarters To Check Out This Week
Kickstarter is a magical place — or it can be, anyway. For each great invention to emerge from its pages, there are probably a dozen more that never had a prayer. Worst of all, though, is when great ideas go unnoticed. That means a great product that could have changed lives never gets the funding it deserved — and often for no good reason.
To help avoid those great ideas falling through the cracks, each week we're bringing you handpicked Kickstarters you should know about. Some may have blown through their funding goal already, and some may be struggling, but they're all producing awesome gear that could make your life that much better.
Rollbe: Super Compact Measuring Tool
We need to measure things all the time, but few people carry rulers or tape measures with them. But with Rollbe, you don't have to because it's right in your pocket. Simply roll it over whatever you're trying to measure, counting how many complete revolutions you make. It might get a little annoying for measuring something large, but for everyday use? It's a brilliant little tool.
Learn More
FlexSafe + : The Ultimate Portable Safe
It's always really unnerving to have to leave your stuff unattended, because it's so easy for someone to just walk away with it. But as long as there's something, anything you can attach it to, the FlexSafe keeps your stuff where it belongs. It's made of more or less un-cuttable material, so once it's locked around something, it's not going anywhere. If anything, they could have made it bigger. What about a whole FlexSafe backpack?
Learn More
JETFOOT: The first handheld water pressure foot washer
Unless they've installed one of those shower stations, getting the sand off your feet at the beach is a real hassle. Ever put flip flops onto sandy feet? Good god, that should qualify as torture. Jetfoot solves the problem by using a battery to pulse water jets wherever there's sand, sweeping it away. You can use any water you have available, and the rechargeable battery losts a long time between charges.
Learn More
Flick and Stick: The revolutionary tape dispenser
My favorite Kickstarters are the ones that seem simple but solve a problem so elegantly. This is def one of them. Finding the end of a tape roll is a pain, and even those dispensers they provide with rolls of packing tape don't really work. But the Flip and Stick works, time and time again, making a typically annoying process a lot easier.
Learn More
ROCKit Litter Box: The Box that Rocks!
I like owning a cat just fine, but cleaning his litter box definitely isn't my favorite part of it. You have to get in there and scoop it, which kicks up dust and is just kind of gross. But the ROCKit's clever design takes away most of the hassle — just tilt the box, and the litter runs to the other side, leaving the poo and clumps stuck in the sifter (which you can then dump). I'd like it to be more covered, but it's still better than what most of us have now.
Learn More
Pinning: Make your garage door smarter in minutes
Do you sometimes leave your house wondering if you left the garage door open? You colossal idiot. You always do this. You ruin everything. Become a more functional adult and never worry again with Pinning. Install it through your garage door's motor, and the plugin indicator in your car will beep at you if you drive away without closing it. Problem solved!
Learn More
The Adjustable Backpack
This is one of those things you never would have thought of, because we just kind of take bags for what they are: This is my backpack, and it holds this much. Here's my duffel, and it holds a little more. Over here is my suitcase, which holds the most. But is there any reason they can't all be the same bag? There isn't, as The Adjustable Backpack proves. At its smallest, it's a backpack. At it's largest, it's a large duffel that holds all sorts of things.
Learn More
Coldest Coozie
Conventional coozies kind of suck. They keep your hand dry, but they do squat to keep your beer cold. Newer coozies, like those from Yeti and RTIC do a much better job — but energy is a finite resource, and your beer will only keep itself cold for so long. But the Coldest Coozie (the name could use some work) takes it a step further by adding a customized ice cube to the bottom, giving your beverage even more staying power. And because it's all sealed, you don't have to worry about leaks.
Learn More
All He's Ever Wanted Is To Mine Coal. How Long Can He Chase His Dream? Kyle Johnson is a young man who wants to be a coal miner more than anything. NPR's Embedded podcast follows his search for a job in a region where the future of coal is in question.
A second half goal from Ellis Harrison gave Bristol Rovers all three points in a full blooded encounter with Oldham at the Memorial Stadium.
Harrison's winner came with just 15 minutes remaining, and at the end of a 15 minute spell of dominance for Darrell Clarke's side.
With the match still scoreless midway through the second half, Rovers besieged the Oldham penalty area but ball after ball was cleared by the Latics and Rovers struggled to carve out any clear chances. But Harrison found the ball at his feet just outside the six yard box and turned beautifully to his left to take two defenders out of the game before getting his shot away before Connor Ripley in the visiting goal had a chance to move.
The goal was just reward for Rovers who had by far the better chances throughout the match, with Billy Bodin forcing Ripley into an acrobatic save after a shot from outside the penalty area in the first half.
Cristian Montano also tested out Ripley as Rovers were restricted to shots from distance for most of the game. Oldham enjoyed their best spell in the opening 20 minutes, and apart from a desperate assault on the Rovers goal in the final 10 minutes, did little to test Joe Lumley.
The QPR loanee did make one super stop though to deny Lee Erwin with his legs from close range with Rovers 1-0 up. But the Gas held on after that to take all three points and just about keep those distant play-off hopes alive.
Play-off hopes
Another match brings another small twist in the saga of Rovers' play-off hopes. This victory sees Rovers move to within four points of the top six once again. Both Millwall and Southend lost, meaning that it is still mathematically possible for Rovers to make the top six. Of course, there is the added intrigue of Millwall visiting the Mem on the final day of the season.
It's a huge ask and Rovers would need to win both of their remaining matches and hope for very helpful results elsehwere.
(Photo: Alex James/JMP)
But the fact is, with a win at Peterborough next weekend Rovers could still be in with a chance of the play-offs come the final day - what an occasion that would be.
Absentees missed
With Dan Leadbitter still ruled out with a leg injury sustained against Wimbledon last weekend, Joe Partington came in at right back for his first Rovers start since February, while Bob Harris filled in at left back in place of Lee Brown.
Harris struggled at times with his distribution as he tried to hit the runs of Bodin and Luke James with long diagonal balls, but he did his primary job with huge compsoure.
Ryan McLaughlin and Tope Obadeyi gave him little rest all afternoon but the defender stood strong on more than one occasion with a succession of strong tackles.
Partington meanwhile didn't overly convince, and the two full backs efforts did little to dispel the wisdom that Rovers are a far superior team with Leadbitter and Brown operating in the full back roles.
Harrison on the scoresheet
For the first time since his four goal heroics in January, Ellis Harrison got himself on the score sheet for Rovers. The frontman cut an increasingly frustrated figure on a drizzly afternoon at the Mem until his 75 minute winner.
He struggled to pick up on any scraps coming from the midfield, and although the service was far from first class, he should have done better on a few occasions in the first half.
The crowd started to get on his back after the break, but his response was superb as he picked the ball up in the Oldham box and managed to turn two men to fire the ball home for a vital winning goal. A welcome return to goalscoring as Rovers continue to struggle to fill the void up front.
Width
Rovers struggled to utilise any possible width they may have created from their 4-4-2 shape. Hopes were high when Cristian Montano was named on the left wing, with Bodin back on the right after his brief appearance up front on Friday afternoon against Gillingham.
But Montano saw little of the ball out wide and he resorted to cutting in field to have any impact on the match. He had some success in there as he saw a few shots fly just wide of the post when cutting in on his right foot, but Rovers needed him to be on the touchline beating his man and sending crosses flying in.
On the other wing, Bodin is not a natural winger but works well on the right as he tries to beat his man time and time again. With the former Torquay man not offering natural width it was vital Rovers tried something on the left.
Rovers need depth
Darrell Clarke decided to make a few changes for this match - some enforced - as he looks to take a look at a few more squad members with the season drawing to a close. Perhaps the most pertinent thing he may have observed is that his side will need a great deal more depth if they want to challenge for promotion next season.
Bob Harris came in at left back and looked very assured but Joe Partington on the opposite flank looked nervous and overcooked a few attempted long balls into the front two. Luke James was again drafted in up front, and his goalless season thus far doesn't make it likely he'll be back next season.
Rovers' incomers were not overly poor but they added little to compliment the regulars in the starting XI, and given the strides Clarke has taken with this squad, he has every right to demand some investment in players this summer. The loss of Ryan Sweeney and Lumley back to their parent clubs cannot be understated also.
Striker a top priority
If Clarke is backed in the transfer market, then his top priority has to be a striker. Once again, Rovers missed the goal scoring instincts of Matty Taylor as a number of Rovers frontmen missed the target when through on goal.
Clarke tried all manner of forwards in this match, starting with Harrison and James and then bringing on Jermaine Easter. Both Billy Bodin and sub Byron Moore aslo ended up playing in very advanced roles as Rovers flew forward searching for the winner.
Harrison's goal comes at a welcome time as Rovers' strikers continue to not find net with the regularity required for a sustained promotion effort.
Bristol Rovers (4-4-2): Lumley; Harris, Lockyer, Sweeney, Partington, Montano, Lines, Sinclair, Bodin, Harrison, James
Subs: Mildenhall, Mansell, J Clarke, Easter (for James 56) Moore (for Montano 56), Broom (for Partington 72), Burn
Scorers: Harrison 74
Attendance: 9,083
Referee: Christopher Sarginson
Ondrej Pavelec's finest performance of the season was wasted except for salvaging a point.
Pavelec made 44 saves in 65 minutes, but the Rangers were sluggish and strangely emotionless for two-thirds of Monday night's game at Madison Square Garden, a 2-1 shootout loss to the Dallas Stars.
After four straight games against Metropolitan Division opponents, the Rangers sank with a thud in the first two periods. They were outshot 33-10 and were in the game solely because of Pavelec. In his fifth start, he allowed only one goal, on an uncontested slapper by defenseman Julius Honka at 6:30 of the second period.
Brady Skjei's shot caromed off Rick Nash's leg in front to tie the score with 3:41 left in regulation, as Stars coach Ken Hitchcock's challenge for goaltender interference was denied.
In the shootout, Alexander Radulov and Jason Spezza scored for the Stars and Mats Zuccarello had the lone goal against Kari Lehtonen.
“I think everyone in here knows that was embarrassing for two periods,” Zuccarello said. “They smacked us around. We didn't win one battle. We weren't first on the puck.
“It was unacceptable for the team that we're supposed to be. Getting something out of this game was all Pav. We had no business getting something out of this game. We gave it a push in the third. In terms of 60 minutes, that's below standard.”
Ryan McDonagh said the Stars, who had lost three straight, “were going to be desperate. We didn't match it. We're too far into the season to have a game like this. Thankfully, Pavelec was really sharp, and that point was all because of him.”
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Pavelec, who came in with a 2-4 record, a 3.45 goals-against average and an .899 save percentage, was impressive. “Tough, tough loss,'' he said. “I was able to see the puck, the shots from the point. Most of them I saw. They spent a lot of time in our end.”
How dominant were the Stars? After 40 minutes, they had 64 shot attempts — on goal, misses and blocks — to the Rangers' 23.
The Rangers started poorly again, chasing the Stars because they rarely had the puck in the first period. Pavelec was focused, not flustered, and made 16 stops in his best period of the season. His top saves came on close-in attempts by Remi Elie and Devin Shore with 3:42 left. Earlier, Gemel Smith's shot rang the crossbar, although it may have grazed Pavelec's glove.
The Rangers, with five shots on Lehtonen, were flummoxed. They couldn't sustain a forecheck until the last five minutes of the period.
At the other end of the ice, it was the opposite: 13 Stars had at least one shot, and Spezza, Radulov and Brett Ritchie has especially good looks.
Early in the second, Pavelec handled the puck outside the trapezoid and was whistled for a delay of game at 1:44. The Blueshirts kept the Stars at bay, even after Jesper Fast went off for tripping Jamie Benn and the Stars had a five-on-three for 50 seconds.
In an attempt to get some offense going, Alain Vigneault juggled lines in the third. The Rangers had scored 40 times in the third period this season. They got one, but that wasn't enough on a frustrating night.
Warm's morning show co-host Ashley was born and raised in the Seattle area, leaving only briefly to attend the University of Southern California. Upon her return to the PNW, she began her career in radio as a part-time promotions assistant at Sports Radio 950 KJR. She quickly moved into an on-air role as a traffic reporter and has continued to build an on-air presence as a contributor to the Ian Furness Show and Dave "Softy"Mahler show.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thousands of council seats plus mayors and a Westminster seat are up for grabs in local elections on 4 May 2017.
It could be a crucial test for Labour as it seeks to gain ground from Hard Brexit Theresa May under Jeremy Corbyn 's leadership.
So you must make sure you have the chance to make your voice heard.
The deadline to register to vote is on Thursday 13 April, and slightly later in Scotland.
Here is everything you need to know.
When are the 2017 local elections?
The polling stations open at 7am on Thursday May 4 and close at 10pm.
To vote you must be 18 or over on polling day in England and Wales and 16 or over in Scotland.
The deadline for a postal vote is 5pm on April 18.
What is up for grabs?
Local elections are taking place in England, Scotland and Wales on May 4 with 4,851 council seats up for grabs.
Every Welsh and Scottish council is holding elections, plus the English "county councils" (not smaller English councils).
The contests for the six new metro mayors in England are also being held on that day.
So is the Manchester Gorton by-election to find a new MP.
(Photo: PA)
How do I register to vote?
Visit gov.uk/register-to-vote and fill in 11 questions.
They include your name, address, National Insurance number and whether you want a postal vote.
There's not much else you need to fill in.
How long does it take?
About 5 minutes if you're not too speedy on a computer. Less if you have a quick mouse hand.
When is the deadline?
You must register by midnight on Thursday 13 April in England and Wales.
If you live in Scotland the deadline is midnight on Monday 17 April.
(Photo: PA)
If you want a postal vote (e.g. if you're on holiday) you must apply by 5pm on Tuesday 18 April.
If you want a proxy vote (someone to vote for you), you must apply by 5pm six working days before the poll.
For an emergency proxy vote, for example if you end up in hospital, it's usually 5pm on the day of the election.
How do I find out if I'm on the register?
To be sure you have to check with your local electoral registration office. Pop your postcode into AboutMyVote.co.uk to find out where that is.
But unless you've moved house, if you were registered for the EU referendum you should still be registered now.
If you weren't registered for the EU referendum you almost certainly won't be registered now.
How does postal voting work?
If you can't get to your polling station on May 4, you can apply for a postal vote.
They'll send a ballot paper out to any address you choose - even overseas.
You just need to fill it in, choose which way you want to vote and send it back so it arrives before 10pm on the day of the election.
All the instructions are on the ballot paper.
(Photo: PA)
How do I register to vote by post?
You need to download the form here , print it, fill it in, sign it and post it back to your local electoral registration office.
Where is my local electoral registration office?
Just put your postcode into the search at AboutMyVote.co.uk and it'll tell you who to get in touch with.
What about proxy voting?
This means if you're unable to go to the polling station for medical emergencies, occupation, service, employment or disability - then you can get someone to do it for you.
You can apply for an emergency proxy vote up to 5pm on polling day.
How do I vote by proxy?
You must give a reason why you need to vote by proxy and may need a qualified person to sign your application.
You may be able to deliver the form by hand or send a scan of the completed and signed form via email to your local authority.
The person you nominate must then vote in person for you.
(Photo: PA)
Who can vote for me?
Any person you appoint if they are 18 or over and are registered individually.
A person cannot be a proxy for more than two people at one election, unless they are a close relative.
Close relatives are the spouse, civil partner, parent, grandparent, brother, sister, child or grandchild of the applicant.
What about voting in person, how does that work?
When you arrive at the polling station, there will be people sitting at a desk with a copy of the electoral register.
If you have it with you, you can give them your polling card. Otherwise you can just give them your name and address and they'll check it against the list.
Can I vote without my polling card?
Yes. You don't need to take your polling card with you to vote - it might speed the process up a little, but you can vote without it.
Where do I go to vote?
The location of your polling station will be written on your polling card.
If you've lost it, don't worry. You can find out where you have to go by contacting your local election office.
AboutMyVote.co.uk also often carries a postcode search service.
If you have any questions about voting by proxy or post, go to www.aboutmyvote.co.uk or contact your electoral registration office.
WON'T GIVE UP: Dr Tanzi Smith speaks at the Colton Coal Mine forum held in Eumundi on August 30.
WON'T GIVE UP: Dr Tanzi Smith speaks at the Colton Coal Mine forum held in Eumundi on August 30. Amber Macpherson
THE Great Sandy Strait Saviours has been left devastated by a letter stating the Colton Coal Mine will not be put up for Federal Government scrutiny.
In a letter to the organisation, Environment Minister Josh Frydenberg said his department will not reassess the environmental impacts of the mine proposed for construction 30km west of World Heritage listed-Fraser Island.
GSSS member Mo Riggs said the group was frustrated Mr Frydenberg had pushed aside suggestions the impacts of the proposed coal mine should have federal oversight.
"We are outraged by the decision not to place federal attention on the environmental damage this proposed coal mine could cause for the Great Sandy Strait,” Ms Riggs said.
"Sadly, we are not surprised by the government's dismissal of our well-founded and researched concerns.
"This terrible decision only further highlights why local community groups must unite to protect sensitive environments like the Great Sandy Strait.”
GSSS, the Mary River Catchment Committee and other environmental groups fear the mine's toxic waste will "destroy” the delicate ecosystems of the nearby Mary River, the Great Sandy Strait and Fraser Island, also known by its indigenous name K'Gari.
A spokesperson from New Hope Group, the company that will operate the mine, said the "Colton project has been through a lengthy environmental assessment process mandated by Queensland legislation”.
But Ms Riggs was not convinced and said the fight to stop the mine going ahead was far from over.
"We resolved to protect the region from inappropriate coal mining and we are just warming up,” Ms Riggs said.
"Our group will meet and decide on the next course of action.
"Clearly the Great Sandy Strait needs everyone to stand up for its future
now.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rugby World Cup winner Sir Clive Woodward's latest conversion is to join the bandwagon for darts to become an Olympic sport.
And the world's top two players, Michael van Gerwen and Gary Anderson, agree with him – because they are already subject to Olympic-standard drug testing and they want MORE dope tests to preserve the integrity of arrows.
Woodward was Team GB's sporting director at both the Beijing Games and London 2012, and he has seen enough technical excellence at the current PDC World Championship to add his influential voice to the oche's appeal as a venue for Olympic competition.
If subjective disciplines like tap-dancing horses and underwater line-dancing with clothes pegs on your nose can make the cut, a quantifiable contest like darts need have no inferiority complex.
It's a skill of hand-to-eye co-ordination and holding nerve under extreme pressure: archery without the bows and shooting without the guns.
(Photo: Getty)
Sir Clive, who presided over Jonny Wilkinson's historic drop goal for England in Sydney 14 years ago, tweeted:
“Again darts @SkySportsDarts just brilliant – this would be a brilliant Olympic sport, competition/pressure is sport at its best.
“Shooting/archery great @Olympics sports, darts can be played in 204 IOC countries, little costs, male/female of all ages, would be brilliant.”
Van Gerwen, who was smashing world records as Woodward tweeted his support, said: “It would be nice to wear Olympic gold, it would be great.
“At the moment we are too far away because the first rule of Olympic sports is that cannot have two associations or governing bodies, and for now darts is run by the PDC and the BDO.
“You never know what might happen in the future, and a gold medal would be nice – but it's not the same prize money as £350,000 for winning a world championship!
“I don't know what you would get for winning Olympic gold – maybe I would get a knighthood and they would call me Sir Michael.”
(Photo: Getty)
MVG would support more drug-testing in darts – not to bring it into line with other sports, but simply to increase standards of professionalism.
He said: “I've been tested maybe four times in the last year, but if I was tested every week I wouldn't mind.
“Maybe they test more in other sports, but they also get more scandals, so before they say things about us (being a proper sport) maybe they need to look at their own sports.
“I believe there are drugs which can help you stay calm under pressure but I have nothing to hide – what I achieve is based on ability and mental strength. Some people don't believe me, but all they have to do is contact the doping authorities and ask for my name.
(Photo: Getty)
“I think out-of-competition testing is the next step forward for professionalism in darts. We have come such a long way, we are trying to make it as good as possible and I believe in our sport.”
Anderson, who reached his fourth world championship final at the age of 46,
does not believe he will still be competing at the top level by the time darts is admitted to the Olympic fold.
But he said: “I think Sir Clive is right – and I reckon we would show a few people up.
“I don't think there is an Olympic venue that comes close to the atmosphere of competing on that stage at Ally Pally.
“Darts is like archery – you are trying to hit a target from 8ft away and the margin for error is a millimetre. We are drug-tested and I am all for that. If you play tiddlywinks for big money you should be drug-tested, and I think there should be more of it.
(Photo: Getty)
“Not to my knowledge have the drug testers turned up at my front door, but I'm a great believer that you should be prepared for a knock at the door 24/7 – and if anyone is caught out, that's their career ended.
“The next Olympics is in Japan, which would have been a brilliant place to introduce darts. We play out there in the World Series events now and you wonder how it will go, but they turn up in fancy dress and give it big licks.
“And when it's all over, they put all their rubbish in a bag, take it away with them and leave the place spotless – every country should learn from them.
“Sadly I think it might take at least another 10 years for darts to become an Olympic sport and I'll be 56 by then. But it wouldn't be too late for my son.”
Tower Hill scores in 75th minute to edge Sanford 1-0 in the semifinals of the DIAA Division II Girls Soccer Tournament. Brad Myers, The News Journal
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Star Wars fans have flocked to conventions over the years in a bid to meet Darth Vader himself.
But now, David Prowse , the man inside the famous suit, has pulled out of his upcoming public appearances after officially retiring.
The British actor, 72, had previously announced that he would retire from both personal appearances and conventions in January, but has moved the date forward.
It is not yet known why he has decided to bring forward his retirement date.
The news was announced on Facebook page For The Love of Sci-Fi.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The post read: "Last night we announced the sad news that Dave Prowse is retiring from public appearances and won't be attending For the Love of Sci-Fi 2017. All customers who bought tickets to have their photo with him have been refunded.
"Dave was with us at our sellout For the Love of the Force event in 2015, capturing the attention of news outlets worldwide. Thanks for the memories Dave, may the force be with you and enjoy your well-earned retirement."
Dave's original retirement announcement was posted last month, and said: "It is with regret that I have to inform you that beginning in January 2018, Dave will no longer be doing any personal appearances or conventions due to health problems."
The actor portrayed Luke Skywalker's ominous nemesis in the original trilogy of the sci-fi films, although the character's voice was famously provided by US actor James Earl Jones.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Lucas Films)
He was reportedly nicknamed Darth Farmer by his late Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher, because of his strong West Country accent.
He has been a familiar face on UK television for decades, with roles in Doctor Who in 1972, The Two Ronnies, The Kenneth Williams Show and The Morecambe & Wise Show.
Over the past two years he has also starred in series Mission Backup Earth and Southern Troopers.
In 2014 it was reported that Prowse had been diagnosed with dementia, and he said in an interview with the Daily Mirror that "there's nothing you can do".
(Image: PA)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
With the character of Darth Vader killed off earlier in the Star Wars franchise, Prose had joked: "I would have loved to have done something in (2015's Star Wars: The Force Awakens), even if it was just a cameo, but I would probably forget my lines."
Prowse recently appeared in a music video for Shields, a single by Welsh singer Jayce Lewis. He described it as his "final on screen appearance".
His other accolades include being awarded with an MBE in 2000 for service to both charity and road safety, following his road safety ad campaign as the Green Cross Code Man.
Mirror Online has contacted David's representatives for comment.
Students at Heritage High School are buzzing about a photo spread across social media.
The photo depicts a racist comment and many said it isn't welcome at the school.
"I was appalled. I was hurt. I was offended," said Shawn Collins, parent.
Collins' daughter is a junior at Heritage in Saginaw. Collins is upset about the image her daughter brought to her attention this week.
The Snapchat photo was shared among students at the school. The photo is of a teenager with black drawn on his face and the caption "'No!' - rosa parks."
"It's offensive because people feel it's OK. People feel it's OK to joke about things like this because it's a racial issue. And the school is a mixed school, but it's predominantly white. So then I have to fear for my daughter's safety," Collins said.
Collins is not alone. Outrage over the photo spread throughout the school and caught the attention of the Saginaw NAACP Youth Council.
Daniel Webster, president of the group, said this kind of image is not acceptable anywhere.
"So I guess he knew that the picture was bad because he's saying Rosa Parks would say no to it. But yet he still posted it. So I feel he was trying to make a statement and we want to say that's not OK," Webster said.
TV5 reached out to the superintendent of Saginaw Township Schools. He said the student in the photo has been identified and was disciplined.
Webster said he wishes the school districts would take harsher action against racism in the schools.
"I want them to take that away from the schools and have a set point of what's going to happen if you involve yourself in racial actions," Webster said.
As for Collins, she said she is glad to see the student was disciplined. She hopes this doesn't spark any more racist comments.
"I know there will be other incidents. I do hope it brings along dialog so people can try to understand how what one says is funny is offensive to someone else," Collins said.
Many students also dressed in all black on Friday at the school as a display of taking a stand against racism.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
× Holding onto Memories after Fire
FRANKLIN TOWNSHIP People in Carbon County are still showing up to see what is left of a former bar and restaurant after flames destroyed the local landmark early Sunday morning.
“It's sad, tough, a lot of good memories.”
Jack Robertshaw from Summit Hill still can't believe his former place of employment now is destroyed. Jack was a bartender at the former Trainers Inn near Lehighton 28 years ago.
Flames destroyed the bar and restaurant in Franklin Township early Sunday morning.
“I am just here to take a look and kind of remember, a lot of good memories,” Robertshaw said.
The business has been closed for about a year. Fire officials say renovations were going on inside and owners were in the process of selling the place.
It took dozens of firefighters hours to put out the flames.
Officials believe the fire started in the basement and it doesn't appear to be suspicious. Some people we spoke to say it's sad to see a local landmark looking like this.
“It's almost sad enough that you can cry,” Richard Wagner said.
Richard Wagner from Palmerton says this was a very popular dinner spot back in the day and believes the building will be missed by many locals.
“I think it's a big loss. It's something, a building that has been there for many years and people will miss it.”
No one was hurt during the fire and officials say they are still trying to determine a cause.
People we spoke to say, for now, all they can do is hold onto their memories.
“The fondest memory is the good people, the local people who came in on a daily basis after their tough day,” Robertshaw recalled. “They would have a martini and go on with their day, good people.”
/
Trust is difficult to establish, hard to maintain and easy to break.
April 24, 2018 7 min read
A Note From The Editor Think your company has what it takes to make our Top Company Cultures list? Apply now. Apply now »
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
Bureaucracy exists were trust doesn't. Excessive process and micromanaging exist because people don't trust each other to do what's right and what's needed. In a digital era where social tools make you more visible and accessible, you make personal and business decisions based on trust daily.
The 2018 Edelman Trust Barometer, often identified as the benchmark of trust measurement, recently identified that there has been a “loss of trust: the willingness to believe information, even from those closest to us.”
Trust is difficult to establish, hard to maintain and easy to break. In business, trust is one of the most valuable and complex of all your assets. It solidifies your relationships with all people and leads an organization to thrive. As Richard Branson often says, "Learn to look out for your staff first, and the rest will follow."
Let me share with you eight principles that determine whom and how you trust in the workplace.
1. How people handle failure.
Within an organization, when people trust each other, their energy is invested in minimizing damage and getting on with it. The involved parties take responsibility without prompting and lead the conversation to see how the problem will be avoided in the future.
A recent Google study, Project Aristotle, was founded on the premise of understanding why certain teams in the workplace struggle while others thrive. Researchers determined that “psychological safety” is the key to building and fostering successful team.
When people don't trust each other, blame and shame runs rapid through the tapestry of the organization. Taking responsibility embraces your vulnerability and leads people to move forward together.
Related: How 10 Billionaires Faced Failure
2. Accumulate trust deposits.
Trust is like a flower. Once we step on a flower, it's difficult to revive it. When you think about trust within a workplace, we know that when members trust each other to execute, teams are inherently productive. When we want to create and build upon an environment that fosters trust, then what we say we will do, we do. We genuinely are curious and listen. We are honest in how we provided feedback, without the sugar coating. And we don't engage in gossip, eradicating the “I shouldn't be saying this, but…” conversations. When we are visible and transparent in the workplace, we create a platform that invites shared thinking from all.
3. Work together to solve pain points.
Most projects take more than one person to accomplish. Trusting colleagues is about letting go of the urge to be a lone ranger. Your team members have to be trusted to accomplish their tasks so you can complete yours. Autonomy is only possible where there is trust. When you trust, you don't expend much of your time and energy watching your back. Your energy is directed towards productivity and innovation.
Horst Schultze, one of the founders of the Ritz-Carlton Hotels, epitomized what it meant to be a trust-building leader. Every employee was provided with an induction to the organization, coupled with extensive training and a $2000 discretionary fund they could use to solve a customer problem without checking with anyone. He honored his people by collecting their stories in making a difference for customers.
A team with high trust inspires its members to retain trust through excellence. Time is spent on identifying and breaking through road blocks, inspiring people to share more and working together to resolve pain points.
4. Small actions over time.
Trust is not a matter of technique, but of character. You are trusted because of your way of being, not because of your polished exteriors. Building a culture of trust in the workplace occurs one step at a time. It is the small actions over time. As a leader wanting to build trust, talk about what you want, not what you don't want. Lend your voice toward what you want to bring to make it happen. When you operate from a place of trust, you demonstrate a commitment toward trust. You show others what can be by promoting the ideas, talents and contributions of those you work with. Focus on what people can do and help others succeed. Step toward trust from where you are.
Related: Do Your Clients Trust Your Team? 3 Ways to Ensure They Do.
5. Sharing stories.
Trust can grow rapidly when someone shares with you something touching that happened earlier in their life. You start to build a shared empathy. When you want to create trust in teams, initiate conversations or invest in team games that help you tell stories you want to tell. You control what you want to share with colleagues that can break down the divide between people and teams and lead to more empathy. Sharing stories is one way to connect and build trust.
6. What can mice teach us.
A study at NYU Langone showed that when mice were given oxytocin, they started caring for the other mice's babies as if they were their own. The oxytocin hormone enhances bonding, and even after the mice's oxytocin receptors were shut off, this behavior continued.
Oxytocin, the trust molecule, can teach us a lot about working together as a team and building great working relationships leading to more trust in the workplace.
Paul Zak's iconic TED Talk and research on neuroscience and trust, identified that as long as there was an intention of trust, you would biologically associate that with trustworthiness, which boost your oxytocin.
The best way to build your team's internal trust is to be transparent about the overall vision and progress of the business, showing people how and why their work is important. Leaders must provide guidance, schedule check-ins between colleagues, and make room for conversations that strengthen connections.
Related: All the Common Excuses for Not Delegating Boil Down to Lack of Confidence
7. Monkey see, monkey do.
Our brains are wired to place survival as the top priority. In the workplace, any person who can demonstrate that they can reduce or eliminate threats to other's survival is deemed trustworthy.
When we watch someone else, our brain is activated in the same way that the brain of the person you are observing is activated, effectively through what is called “mirror neurons.” This means you may unintentionally transfer your own feelings of distrust to others. The trick is you can't fake trust. You must believe that your colleagues are trustworthy to transmit this signal to them. In return, their brain will start feeling trust towards you as a result.
8. Emotions impact trust levels in the workplace.
There are many ways to treat your colleagues well, but one of the most important initiatives is creating a culture that makes it safe to make mistakes and openly debate and discuss issues without fear of retribution. Your colleagues will trust your ability to help them grow if they know that failures will be treated as teachable moments.
In a time of crisis, how you act in difficult times is the greatest measure of your integrity. Don't wait to talk about a mistake that happened until everyone finds out about it on social media, and don't sugarcoat what happened. Take swift action to right a wrong. Taking responsibility preserves trust.
Atlassian, a global software giant, built a culture where articulating why certain decisions are made is important in how they have built trust. An “open company, no bullshit” value within the company has provided teams with access to information as quickly as possible, allowing employees to share and express their opinion without feeling they are going to get judged or pulled down. The company supports an environment where individuality is celebrated.
Amid current news headlines about North Korea and related nuclear issues, it is important not to ignore the potential schism that could occur in the G7 world as a consequence of the practical fallout from Donald Trump's decision on May 8 to exit the 2015 Iran nuclear deal.
What Will Happen to European Investments in Iran?
One practical issue is what is going to happen to European investments in Iran. The most high profile example is French energy company Total's investment in a giant Iran gasfield. Total said this month it would pull out of Iran and its development of the giant South Pars gasfield unless it is specifically protected from US penalties and related sanctions (see Financial Times article “Total threat to pull out of Iran dents EU hopes of saving accord”, May 17, 2018).
Obviously, some form of compromise may be negotiated. But if Washington takes a hard line, such as claiming US jurisdiction as regards dollar transfers between two sovereign countries as was the case in 2014 with the US$9 billion fine levied on French bank BNP, then a confrontation is seemingly inevitable and, as a result, a growing questioning of the US hegemony implied by the US dollar paper standard, a concern which has long been shared by both China and Russia.
Questioning the US' Role as the “Economic Policeman of the Planet”
In this respect, the most interesting reaction to the Iran issue since Donald Trump made his announcement on May 8 was that of the French finance minister Bruno Le Maire when he said on May 9 that it was not acceptable for the US to be the “economic policeman of the planet”.
In this respect, France is the European country to watch since it has a history of being willing to stand up to Washington in the post-1945 world. That cannot really be said of Germany and certainly not of Britain.
Pompeo Warns Iran of Escalating Sanctions
Staying on the subject of Iran, US Secretary of State and former CIA boss Mike Pompeo made an ultra-aggressive speech on Monday threatening Iran with escalating sanctions. In his first major foreign policy address as Secretary of State, Pompeo stated:
Sanctions are going back in full effect and new ones are coming… This sting of sanctions will be painful if the regime does not change its course… These will indeed end up being the strongest sanctions in history when we are complete.
The above rhetoric hardly suggests a willingness to compromise with the European position. The significance of all of the above is that Europe and the US remain on a collision course.
Iran's Exports Booming Since Sanctions Ended
The importance of Europe for Iran can be seen in the fact that Iran's exports to Europe have surged almost ninefold since the end of sanctions in January 2016.
Thus, Iran's exports to the EU have risen from US$1.3 billion in 2015 to US$11.4 billion in the 12 months to January, according to the IMF Direction of Trade Statistics (see following chart).
There is also of course the growing trade between Iran and China. Iran's total trade with China rose by 18%YoY to US$27.5 billion in the 12 months to January (see following chart). All this makes Iran a good example of the increasingly multipolar world where American influence or interests appear to be fading.
Iran Annualized Exports to EU
Source: IMF – Direction of Trade Statistics
Iran Annualized Total Trade with China
Source: IMF – Direction of Trade Statistics
Iran's Currency Takes a Hit
Meanwhile, Iran's currency has been hit hard in recent months as a result of the uncertainty created by Trump's previous repeated earlier threats to pull out of the nuclear deal and now subsequent follow-through decision.
The rial has depreciated in the black market by 33% against the US dollar year-to-date (see following chart). This followed a period of comparative stability where the currency traded in a 13% range for two years, helped by the optimism created by the nuclear deal as well as by very high real interest rates. Iranian treasury bill yields peaked at 27% in early 2017 and bottomed at 16% late last year. They are now back at 19% as a result of the market pressure created by the threat of renewed American sanctions.
Iranian Rial/US$ (Inverted Scale)
Note: Based on black market rate after Iran unified its dual exchange rates on 9 April. Source: Ministry of Economic Affairs and Finance, Bonbast.com
Substantial Foreign Investment in Iran
With a classic bullish emerging market demographic profile, in terms of a population of 80 million, 60% of whom are under the age of 35, Iran has, naturally, attracted a lot of foreign direct investment in recent years, most particularly following the 2015 nuclear deal.
The biggest of late was the previously mentioned Total's US$4.8 billion investment signed in July 2017. But Total says it has only invested under €40 million so far, according to the above mentioned FT article, which is precisely why the French company wants to know if it can get a specific waiver from the sanctions.
In terms of the aggregate data, Iran's actual FDI inflows surged by 64%YoY to US$3.37 biilion in 2016, according to United Nations data. While an Iranian government report published last year disclosed that Iran has approved US$11.8 billion in FDI during the 12 months to December 2016, with Spain and Germany accounting for US$3.2 billion and US$2.9 billion of that total respectively.
Iran FDI Inflows
Source: UNCTAD World Investment Report 2017
Will We See a Retreat from Pax Americana?
The point, therefore, remains that a confrontation between the US and the Eurozone on this issue is potentially a landmark development in the retreat from Pax Americana.
But for now it is probably the case that most of Europe, in the spirit of appeasement, will be content to fudge the issue in the hope that Donald Trump may not be re-elected to the US presidency for a second term and life will return to “normal”.
Iran's Economy
Turning away from geopolitical issues, Iran's economy and financial markets spring some positive surprises. The country has an open capital account, while there is no tax on capital gains or dividends. The Tehran Stock Exchange celebrated its 50th anniversary last year.
But if FDI has been coming into the country in recent years, foreign portfolio investment activity has been much more limited, with estimates of only US$100 million invested in aggregate. This is the consequence in terms of equities of both a lack of inclusion in benchmark MSCI indices and, of course, of sanctions.
No Foreign Banks in Iran
There is still no foreign bank in Iran and therefore a lack of familiar custodians acceptable to international portfolio investors. Indeed, despite the 2015 nuclear deal, it is still not possible to use foreign credit cards to pay for hotel bills or any other transaction.
Foreign credit rating agencies are also absent which may not surprise given the three biggest are owned by the Americans. This is a pity for the Iranian Government given that, with minimal foreign currency debt and total government debt to GDP of only 35% of GDP, it would make a lot of sense to do a landmark sovereign bond issue. Total external debt is now only US$10.8 billion or just 2.5% of GDP, according to the Central Bank of Iran (see following chart).
Iran External Debt as % of GDP
Source: Central Bank of Iran, IMF
*
Chris Wood is internationally renowned for his weekly institutional research newsletter GREED & fear. He has correctly identified all major global financial bubbles over the last 3 decades (US sub-prime crisis, Nasdaq technology bubble, Asian financial crisis, and the Japanese financial meltdown). He's also the author of three highly acclaimed books: Boom and Bust, The Bubble Economy, and The End of Japan Inc.
The original source of this article is Grizzle Copyright © Christopher Wood Grizzle , 2018
https://www.globalresearch.ca/us-sanctions-on-iran-the-unraveling-of-pax-americana/5642313
Hundreds of Charlie Chaplin fans dressed up as one of the film star's most iconic characters on what would have been his 128th birthday.The event took place on Sunday, April 16, and was organized by Chaplin's World , a museum dedicated to Chaplin in Corsier-sur-Vevey, Switzerland. A whopping 662 fans dressed up as Chaplin's "Tramp" character, notable for his hat, jacket and iconic mustache.
EMBED >More News Videos ABC7?s Roz Varon spoke with Veronika Dash, who spoke on the design and technology features of the new Mazda 2017 CX-5.
Wednesday is Women's Day at the 2017 Chicago Auto Show!Women either influence or are purchasers of 80 percent of vehicles. That's why the Chicago Auto Show has one day dedicated to women.Beth Rosen, co-founder of Women Driving Excellence talked with ABC7's Roz Varon about the special programming in store for visitors Wednesday.Roz also spoke with Veronika Dash, who spoke on the design and technology features of the new Mazda 2017 CX-5.
From an early-morning labor announcement to the newborn prince's swaddled photo debut with parents Prince William and Kate Middleton, the birth of royal baby #3 was a royal whirlwind, to say the least. With the celebration behind us, we're looking back at all the sweet, traditional, and subtle family moments you might've missed. Ahead, re-live the little prince's welcome to the world with the most iconic photos straight from London.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The latest attacks involving cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin are outsmarting even the biggest tech companies around. Cryptocurrency miners are finding ways to piggyback the computers of unwitting web users, all in a bid to profit from the Bitcoin phenomenon.
Cryptocurrencies are digital alternatives to traditional currencies such as Sterling. They're not tied to any bank or national economy, and they're fiercely encrypted to offer security for online transactions. The value of currencies, the most famous of which is Bitcoin, has gone through the roof, and that's what incentivises groups or individuals to ‘mine' for them online - including via the horsepower of other people's computers.
This article was compiled by the experts at Which? Tech Support who offer friendly one-to-one tech and computing advice from Which?
How your PC can be cryptojacked
(Image: Digital Vision)
While browsing online, you might suddenly hear your laptop's fans whirring into life and your PC slows to a crawl. A security scan might show no malicious files hiding in your PC. The problem goes away, and you move on. And yet, when you next come back to that same website, the problem starts again.
The cause could be a type of malware that's very hard to detect. In fact, when used legitimately, this software isn't considered malware at all. What's going on?
This kind of slowdown and processor surging can be caused by a browser-based cryptocurrency miner. Recent examples - most notably one called CoinHive - have already affected website users all over the world. The miner can be secretly embedded into websites and even YouTube video ads - land on them, and it will begin running in the background straight away.
Best antivirus software - see the Which? recommendations and reviews for 2018
Mining for cryptocurrency
(Image: Getty)
The miner uses your computer (and many others) to mine cryptocurrency at scale. It's using your processor to solve fiendish mathematical problems that can only be carried out by a computer. Once the problems, or ‘hashes', have been solved, the owner of the miner gets a small amount of their chosen cryptocurrency deposited into their account.
The perpetrators typically dig up only a tiny amount of cryptocurrency. But, using other people's hardware (and the electricity it all runs on) costs even less. At scale, this can be a viable strategy for earning money.
The big problem is that software such as CoinHive can be inserted into practically any webpage without your knowledge. It's so hard to detect that in January it was found to be hiding in adverts displayed on YouTube.
The good news is that these miners don't try and steal any personal information, don't install any programs on your computer and don't try and fleece you with ransomware. They are, however, inconvenient, make your computer run slowly and will increase your computer's power consumption, costing you time and money.
Used with permission, CoinHive is not considered malware because it actually serves a purpose. But when used without permission, it is most certainly an unwanted piece of malware, as detailed in a blog post from leading antivirus firm Symantec.
Spot the signs of a Bitcoin miner
(Image: AFP)
It's normally quite easy to tell whether a cryptocurrency miner is running on your computer. When you visit an affected webpage, your computer will probably run more slowly, especially if you're using a laptop, and you'll hear your cooling fans whining more than usual.
If you're using Windows, you can use Ctrl + Alt + Delete to open the Task Manager. On the Processes tab, and find your web browser, you'll see that the CPU column might show a high percentage of usage.
This doesn't necessarily mean your PC is being used as a miner, since some websites can be very hungry for your PC's resources anyway, but it's certainly a clue.
Often, miners hide in adverts and in some cases these ads show up as blank space, so look out for white space where you'd expect an advert to be.
How to protect yourself
(Image: Getty Images)
We always recommend having antivirus software installed, be it free or premium. Although CoinHive has outsmarted a few security measures so far, the anti-malware experts are always evolving their products. More often than not, good security software should protect against this sort of exploit.
Also, check for any ‘pop-under' windows – these are like pop-ups, but they hide behind your web browser in the hope that you don't find them.
In addition, only visiting websites you trust is always sound advice, although, as we've seen above, even the most trusted websites on the web can fall foul of miners.
Which? tests anti-virus software on a regular basis. We use thousands of strains of malware and online nasties to find the antivirus packages that are good enough to protect your computer. Read our reviews to find out which AV package is right for you.
The 10-year bond yield was at 7.593% compared to its previous close of 7.607%. Photo: Bloomberg
Mumbai: The Indian rupee on Tuesday weakened for the fourth consecutive session against the US dollar after local equity markets fell for the fifth session.
The rupee opened at 65.24 a dollar and touched a low of 65.24. At 9.15am, the home currency was trading at 65.21 a dollar, down 0.07% from its Monday's close of 65.18.
Benchmark Sensex index fell 0.13%, or 42.32 points, to 32,880.80. So far this year, it has declined 3.3%.
The US Federal Reserve is expected to raise interest rates on Wednesday with new chairman Jerome Powell giving his first press conference. Market expectations for a March rate hike were at 94.4% as of Monday morning, according to a Reuters report.
The 10-year bond yield was at 7.593% compared to its previous close of 7.607%. Bond yields and prices move in opposite directions.
So far this year, the rupee fell 2%, while foreign investors have bought $1.52 billion in equity and sold $404.60 million in debt market.
Asian currencies were trading higher. Singapore dollar was up 0.17%, South Korean won 0.1%, Thai baht 0.09%, China renminbi 0.08%, Taiwan dollar 0.08%, Malaysian ringgit 0.07%. However, Philippines peso was down 0.16% and Japanese yen 0.14%.
The dollar index, which measures the US currency's strength against major currencies, was trading at 89.886, up 0.13% from its previous close of 89.765.
Dream Kardashian may not even be a year old yet, but she is already teaching her aunt Kim Kardashian West a thing or two. Today, Kim took to Instagram to share an adorable photo of the two of them, in which the reality star is smiling and her niece is crying.
While you may not think that this makes for a great photo opp, surprisingly it is. Despite her tears, Dream still looks pretty darn cute in floral dress and matching bonnet, and as Kim points out in her caption, she's a pretty crier "Even her cry face is pretty! I'm gonna take notes!" Kim wrote alongside the photo.
RELATED: Kim Kardashian Just Revealed the Next KKW Beauty Launch
The caption is a direct and funny reference to Kim's hilarious and not-so-flattering crying face, which has launched a thousand memes. In case you need a refresher, we'll leave this GIF here for you.
It's always funny when she pokes fun of herself on Instagram—Kim, she's just like us!
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A jailed headmaster transformed his school office into a seedy 'sex lair' with adult toys, lubricant, condoms, booze and an electric piano.
Detectives also found penis-shaped straws, a fridge full of Champagne, wipes, cushions used as a makeshift bed and a small electric hot plate for cooking when they raided the 'sex pad' that James Stewart set up with taxpayers' money.
The 'bullying' principal, 72, defrauded the school of £100,000 to fund a lavish lifestyle and romped with his secretary in the specially-built 'sex dungeon'.
The room was fitted out "like an apartment" with custom furniture, a drinks cabinet and an 'inner sanctum'.
Stewart, who was often holed up in his office, also spent the stolen funds on hotel stays in London and sex toys which he kept in his desk drawer, Cambridge News reports.
(Image: Cambridge News / BPM Media)
(Image: Cambridge News / BPM Media)
Stewart, principal of Sawtry Village Academy for almost 30 years, also habitually left the school to watch horse racing and flying off on skiing holidays and regularly drank heavily during the school day.
Investigations revealed that the £120,000-a-year headmaster had made £80,000 worth of bogus expenses claims to buy luxury items including smoked salmon and oysters.
Other claims made by Stewart - who was jailed for four years - often using his private credit card were for £570 on private car insurance, £11,000 on garden centres and diy stores and £3,000 on fish and wine.
Staff first raised the alarm with Oftsed inspectors after spotting Stewart and his married PA Christine Laxton on Channel 4 as they attended Newmarket races when he claimed to have been at a meeting.
(Image: Cambridge News / BPM Media)
They told how they had heard laughing sounds when Stewart was in his lavishly furnished office Mrs Laxton, along with clear sounds of a "sexual nature, rhythmic moaning and banging," Huntingdon Crown Court, Cambs, heard.
He was also heard serenading her on his electric piano and they would be seen in a dishevelled state with red wine stains around their mouths.
Detective Constable Al Bassam, of Cambridge Constabulary, told how Stewart spent the cash and set up his office as a sex ‘dungeon'.
The detective said: “The office was described by a witness as being set up like an apartment with a lounge area, dining area with cooking facilities and a bedroom area, made up of sofa cushions on the floor.
(Image: Cambridge News / BPM Media)
“One room contained a dining table, six chairs, three comfy chairs and a coffee table.
“There was a handcrafted dresser and several cupboards containing glasses and places with custom made oak furniture and doors that had been fitted.
“There was a sink and toilet described as being in the ‘inner sanctum' which had been partitioned with towels and rugs on it.
“Within there items of a sexual nature were found, such as a large purple vibrator, two further vibrators in a drawer a selection of condoms, wet wipes, tissues, a game called saucy charades, a pack of penis shaped drinking straws, a finger clitoral stimulator, some watermelon lubricant, and six coasters with scenes from the Kama Sutra on them."
And further details of how Stewart spent his ill-gotten gains on sex toys and hotels have also been revealed.
Stewart spent £8,798 on electrical goods including at least three TVs, DVD players, cameras and laptops.
(Image: Cambridge News / BPM Media)
He racked up bills of a staggering £41,233 on food and drink including alcohol often in restaurants in Bedford near to his home address.
And Stewart spent £4,800 on ‘leisure activities' - often hotel stays in London at the weekend and buying items of an “adult nature from a local adult store”.
He racked up a £1,280 phone bill and a further £10,766 in garden centres, DIY and furniture stores.
Stewart also used the money he defrauded from the school to pay £1,315 on private car insurance, £1,811 on gift cards and vouchers as well as £3,919 on travel.
Other spends included £119 on motor expenses, £6,547 on unknown non-receipted items
Within that £900 was spent on charge card expense, £724 on private insurance, £414 on newspaper and magazine subscriptions and finally £2,975 on fish and wine.
Jailing church-going Stewart, Judge Stuart Bridge said the ex head had become a "joke" as he abused his headship at the academy for five years until he "resigned in disgrace" in 2014.
(Image: Cambridge News / BPM Media)
The court heard the school had been left in a 'dire financial' position by the fraud, it had 'haemorrhaged staff,' and it had been put in 'special measures' during at Ofsted inspection in 2014.
Stewart, who read history at Cambridge, admitted six counts of fraud and one of misconduct in a public office.
Stewart's associate principal Alan Stevens, 66, was given a 24 week suspended sentence and ordered to do 80 hours unpaid work for also defrauding the school with bogus expense and credit card claims worth £364.59.
Sentencing Stewart, the judge described him as 'overbearing, bullying and superior.
He said: "You failed to provide quality of education in staff development and resources, to the detriment of the reputation of the college.
"It is impossible to calculate the impact of your conduct. You are paid to exercise discipline, to lead and get respect from children, staff and parents.
"You conducted yourself in such a way you became something of a joke. You appear now a man quite rightly a man humiliated by his actions.
"I am of the view that the only sentence this court can pass is a substantial sentence of immediate custody."
The court heard how Stewart and Stevens' fraudulent claims were "rubber-stamped" by the school's governing body's Responsible Officer, John Kelly.
The school's bursar Lisa Killner told police the late Mr Kelly claimed he "just did what Stewart asked him to do" and that "there were just signing off on each other's expenses."
The court heard Deputy Principal Sarah Shaw-Wilson felt Stewart had been "undermining and humiliating" to her when she tried to introduce changes to tutoring in 2010.
She told Ofsted inspectors there was a "distinct lack of leadership" by Stewart and Stevens during an inspection which saw the school put into "special measures".
Staff also told how Stewart was called a "racist, sexist, fattist bully" by staff and boasted his management style was "to divide and conquer".
Staff told inspectors that Stewart's absences from the school were a 'running joke.'
Stewart's swipe card showed he was rarely in school before 1030.
The school's site manager, said during the summer holidays he heard sounds coming from Stewart's office "likened to the Benny Hill Show".
Criminal charges were brought against the pair in December 2014 after the Education Funding Agency investigated the school in July of that year.
This investigation followed a June 2014 Ofsted inspection, which put the College into special measures.
Stewart pleaded guilty to charges brought against him in March 2017, including one misconduct in public office charge that stated he regularly had sex with an adult in his college office specially modified for this habit.
(Image: Googlemaps)
The misconduct charge also included the fact that he often drank alcoholic beverages on school property and kept others from meeting with him by shutting himself in his office for long periods of time, arriving late and leaving early for horse races and ski holidays abroad.
Stewart also pleaded guilty to six counts of fraud, including making false expense claims and unwarranted direct debit payments at Cambridge Crown Court. These totalled to more than £100,000.
He has since paid back the £100,000.
Today Mark Woods, Chief Executive Officer of Cambridge Meridian Academies Trust, said: "The presentation of the case by the prosecution made completely clear the destructive impact that Mr Stewart's absence of leadership over an extended period has had on the local community and school."
"The school has undergone dramatic improvements since joining our trust and is now in a very strong position with consistently strong academic results and strong leadership."
White supremacists were holding a variety of signs, shield and flags at Saturday's rally in Charlottesville, Virginia -- including some donned with a slightly changed Detroit Red Wings logo.
In a strongly worded statement published to its social media channels, the Detroit Red Wings let it be known their logo would not be commandeered for and by hate.
"The Detroit Red Wings vehemently disagree with and are not associated in any way with the event taking place today in Charlottesville, Va.," the Red Wings statement said.
"We are exploring every possible legal action as it pertains to the misuse of our logo in this disturbing demonstration," the statement added.
Photos on social media showed members of the Detroit Right Wings holding crude rectangular shields, with "their" logo.
The only difference between the Red Wings and Right Wings logos? The spokes of the tire that is the center of the logo: the Right Wings logo has them resembling the lightning bolts of the Schutzstaffel -- Hitler's SS force.
In a video published on YouTube, the group says its members are under "attack from all sides," from "foreign hordes" and Jews, among others. The video was taken down by YouTube on Saturday, after photos of the group's shields gained traction on social media.
The video's description also linked to a GoFundMe fundraiser that seeks $2,500 for members' trip "to Dixie for a vacation and fellowship event the weekend of August 12."
The group says it is a group of "young men" from Michigan who are, "tired of seeing our people dispossessed."
Video of a confederate war statue being taken down is shown as the narrator says, "our histories erased." It should be noted that Michigan was part of the Union in the Civil War, and was not part of the Confederacy.
A number of CNN inquiries sent to the group and its leader were not returned.
In a statement, the NHL shared outrage with their Red Wings over the appropriation of the team logo, saying, "This specific use is directly contrary to the value of inclusiveness that our League prioritizes and champions."
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman was flown to Southmead hospital in a helicopter following a serious car crash this afternoon.
She had to be cut free from her car and is suffering “life-threatening injuries”. Police confirmed that an air ambulance was used to fly her to Bristol from the scene of the crash in Somerset.
Hydraulic cutting equipment was used to cut the woman free by three fire engines from Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service.
Police, ambulance, and the fire service all came to the crash. Avon and Somerset police said that three vehicles were involved in the collision.
(Image: Police in South Somerset Twitter account)
The crash happened on the A303 and closed the road in both directions. It was first reported to emergency services around 1.40pm, reports Somerset Live .
The collision started with vehicles heading east but then spilled onto the westbound carriageway.
Two other casualties were described as “walking wounded” by a spokesperson for the fire service.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's quite amazing how the news we have all been expecting for months now has caused a social media meltdown like nothing before— Conor McGregor vs. Floyd Mayweather is now official for August 26 in Las Vegas, Nevada.
After months of endless speculation, the fight was officially announced earlier this evening by Mayweather Promotions, following an earlier report by Kevin Iole of Yahoo Sports.
A countdown of less than ten weeks now begins and there will no doubt be any shortage of back and forth between the two camps. It's likely that many questions will be asked, but very few answers given as we enter uncharted territory in combat sports.
On one side of the ring, we have Mayweather , the man who many consider the greatest boxer of all time with an unblemished record of 49-0. His goal in all this is very clear—make lots money by defeating a man who's never laced up the gloves in a professional boxing match.
(Photo: Getty)
On the other side of the ring, we have the enigma, McGregor . The UFC lightweight champion is a totally unknown quantity with the 12oz gloves and will understandably come into the bout a big underdog with the bookmakers.
Most media will write off the Irishman's chances of winning the fight and it's hard to counter their argument given McGregor's lack of experience in the boxing ring.
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: Zuffa LLC)
Perhaps the more interesting question though is what happens to McGregor after August 26? How does a man who's just banked a $100 million paycheck return to the Octagon to fight for $15 million, the amount that he reportedly made for his UFC 205 clash for Eddie Alvarez last November?
What might be lost in all the euphoria of the Mayweather vs. McGregor announcement this evening is that this could well spell the end of the Irishman's UFC career. While it's certainly plausible that he returns for the odd super fight down the line, the reality of the situation this evening is that the days of McGregor fighting more than once a year for the promotion are probably long over.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
What's been consistent throughout McGregor's career is that every single one of his fights has been a bigger deal than the last. First he was after one UFC title, then it was revenge over Diaz, then it was the second UFC title, and now it's a showdown with the greatest boxer of all time.
Unless the UFC can pull something incredible out the bag, it's hard to see McGregor ever returning to the Octagon. That, along with the inevitable hangover is something we can all deal with on August 27.
At the New York City cell phone shop where he does his homework, nine-year-old Ahmed Alhuthaifi says he misses his mom a lot.
"Sometimes, I feel like I am going to cry," he says. "Trump won't let her in."
After a years-long effort, his mother, who is stuck in Saudi Arabia, was denied a visa due to President Trump's restrictions on immigration and travel from certain countries, including Yemen. She and Ahmed's four younger siblings, who live with her, missed Ahmed's birthday celebrations on April 3.
"He expected them to be here, all his brothers and sisters; he's depressed all the time," says Fathi Alhuthaifi, his father. "I need my wife and kids. We are in a bad situation."
On Wednesday, the Supreme Court will hear oral arguments in a case challenging the ban as discriminatory and unconstitutional. Administration lawyers insist the ban, in effect in full since early December, is a national security necessity.
Alhuthaifi is an American citizen. He emigrated from Yemen more than 20 years ago and runs a successful cell phone business on West 145th St. in Harlem. He named his youngest son McCain, after the Arizona Republican senator he admires.
"As soon as you step your feet in this country, you feel you are part of the country," he says. But the administration's travel ban has dashed his dream of uniting his family in New York. All his kids have U.S. passports, but the younger ones, he explains, can't be without their mother, who is not a U.S. citizen.
"We thought we were very lucky. It's a dream country. But the time has changed," he says.
The ban, issued in September, restricts travel from Iran, Libya, North Korea, Syria, Venezuela, Somalia and Yemen. Chad, originally on the list, was removed earlier this month.
Whatever the outcome in the Supreme Court, the Trump ban has already sown "chaos" in affected families across the country, says Muna Jondy, a Michigan immigration lawyer of Syrian descent who counsels families in the U.S. whose relatives are now barred from joining them.
"My clients are freaking out," she says. "This causes chaos with work visas, student visas, bringing families here."
The Yemeni-American Merchants Association of New York mounted a one-hour protest Tuesday, the day before the Supreme Court hearing. Zaid Alnagi, the association's vice president, distributed posters across the city and created hashtags for a social media campaign, #IamAmericanToo and #BodegaStrike.
"The executive order, at its heart, says Yemeni people are bad and they need to stay away. We say no! We are part of the fabric of the country," says Alnagi, an American citizen who has not been able to bring his mother to New York. Her visa was denied this year.
President Trump's campaign pledge for a "total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States" is at the center of the Supreme Court debate. The president's executive orders did not cite religion but rather security concerns that motivated his ban.
"It's not a Muslim ban and it never has been — the whole Muslim ban narrative is little better than a hoax," says Mark Krikorian, executive director of the conservative Center for Immigration Studies and a White House advisor on immigration. He supports stricter limits on the current immigration system.
"The travel ban targets specific, terrorism-infected countries and, as a practical matter, would apply to a relatively small share of the world's Muslims," he says.
Critics of the ban, including a judge in Hawaii who ruled against the ban, charge that the biggest burden is felt in the Muslim-majority nations on the list.
"No national from any of the countries impacted is responsible for a death from terrorists on U.S. soil since 1975," says Joshua Geltzer, one of 52 former national security officials who submitted an amicus brief to the Supreme Court, declaring that the Trump administration has failed the show how the travel ban bolsters national security.
He argues that the countries subjected to the ban "don't seem to have any resemblance to where terrorism threats are emanating from."
"The thing that is frustrating is it's stereotyping," says Dr. Ziad Alnabki, a Syrian-American cardiologist in Jacksonville, Fla. "We can't just label all of them terrorists and close the door for them coming in."
Alnabki first came to the U.S. more than a decade ago for his medical residency in Tennessee, after graduating first in his class from Damascus University. After Syria descended into a brutal civil war, Alnabki applied for immigrant visas for his parents. After years of waiting, they finally got an interview this year at the U.S. embassy in Cairo.
"We were shocked when their application was denied at the beginning of the year. The travel ban came along and we couldn't get them here," he says.
"I love my job, it's the most rewarding thing in my life," says Alnabki, who works in a cardiac unit. "I take care of patients, and the son or the daughter gives me a hug. But at the same time, I can't have my parents next to me here so I can see them and they can see my kids."
While the ban allows for case-by-case waivers, those waivers are rare. According to Reuters, about 100 waivers were granted between December and early March. More than 8,000 had applied for U.S. visas in that period from countries affected by the ban.
The letter informing Alnabki that his parents would not be granted visas also said they were not eligible for a waiver.
"It's totally arbitrary," says Jondy, the Michigan-based immigration lawyer, who handled Alnabki's case. "One client who is a doctor, his parents are stranded in Cairo; but another family in Damascus did get a waiver. They are Christians," she says.
She says the few cases she's handled don't show a pattern yet, but she advises her clients who are Christian to include their religious affiliation in the application. She says those who do so have been granted waivers.
"I am doing things like putting in a baptismal certificate," she says. "That is not normally the evidence that you submit in a waiver application, but it has worked."
Jondy says she fields hundreds of panicked calls and text messages from clients who plead for help. The stress, says this second-generation immigrant and American citizen, has been overwhelming for all concerned.
"You just can't have an arbitrary policy that's based on discrimination against Muslims," she says, which is her view of the travel ban. "It's just basically, 'We don't want them here and so let's find a way to get them not to come here.' "
Domestic Violence's Overlooked Damage: Concussion And Brain Injury
Enlarge this image toggle caption MarkCoffeyPhoto/Getty Images MarkCoffeyPhoto/Getty Images
Hundreds of survivors of domestic violence have come through the doors of neurologist Glynnis Zieman's Phoenix clinic in the past three years.
"The domestic violence patients are the next chapter of brain injury," she says.
Zieman begins every new patient visit with a simple question: "What are the symptoms you hope I can help you with?"
For most, it's the first time anyone has ever asked even how they may have been injured in the first place. "I actually heard one patient tell me the only person who ever asked her if someone did this to her was a paramedic, as she was being wheeled into an ambulance," Zieman says. "And the husband was at the foot of her stretcher."
While many patients initially seek out the clinic because of physical symptoms, such as headaches, exhaustion, dizziness or problems sleeping, Zieman says her research shows anxiety, depression and PTSD usually end up being the most severe problems.
Studies of traumatic brain injury have revealed links to dementia and memory loss in veterans and athletes. And TBI has also been linked to PTSD in current or former service members.
Another group may be suffering, still largely in silence — survivors of domestic violence.
Shots - Health News War Studies Suggest A Concussion Leaves The Brain Vulnerable To PTSD War Studies Suggest A Concussion Leaves The Brain Vulnerable To PTSD Listen · 6:36 6:36
About 70 percent of people seen in the ER for such abuse are never actually identified as survivors of domestic violence. It's a health crisis cloaked in secrecy and shame, one that Zieman is uncovering through her work at the Barrow Concussion and Brain Injury Center.
She runs what she says is the first program dedicated to treating traumatic brain injury for survivors of domestic violence.
"About 81 percent of our patients had so many hits to the head, they lost count, which, you compare that to athletes, is astronomical," Zieman says.
Zieman says it's not just the sheer number of injuries that makes these patients' cases so complex.
"One single athletic concussion is hard enough to treat, but these patients are beyond that," she says. "Unlike athletes, they do not have the luxury, if you will, of recovering after an injury before they are injured again."
Domestic violence is estimated to affect 10 million people each year. Head and neck injuries are some of the most common issues, and Zieman is uncovering how frequently traumatic brain injury is a part of the picture.
Still, she says, the lack of recognition of the severity of the abuse-related problems has left many survivors without a definitive diagnosis. Many get blamed for their cognitive impairment.
"They have been labeled for so long with all these horrible things," says Zieman. "And in the end, it's not only not their fault but there is a true medical reason behind these issues and there are some things that can be done."
Data on domestic violence and traumatic injury are sparse because it's so underreported, but Zieman says their initial findings indicate it's even more prevalent than previously thought.
A 2016 review of the medical files of patients in the program — almost all women — discovered only one-fifth of them had seen a physician for their injuries. Eighty-eight percent had sustained more than one head injury from abuse.
Zieman works with local domestic violence shelters to identify women who may be suffering from brain injuries. Workers will send them to Zieman's clinic where their physical symptoms, such as headaches or dizziness, can be treated along with the cognitive and emotional effects of their abuse. Thanks to grants and private donations, Zieman says the care is free, whether or not people have insurance.
Ashley Bridwell, a social worker at Barrow, works hand in hand with Zieman to help survivors manage life with a brain injury. "Some of these simple things like filling out an application or remembering an appointment, or being able to give a solid social or medical history— it's close to impossible considering what they are experiencing," she says.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Will Stone for NPR Will Stone for NPR
Bridwell helped start the program six years ago after doing outreach to the homeless community and realizing many clients had traumatic brain injuries from domestic violence. She says patients often have long histories of emotional and physical abuse. Many have cognitive impairment from repeated mild traumatic brain injury.
Patients will sometimes arrive at their clinic with a constellation of seemingly unexplainable symptoms. Bridwell remembers one who lost her job because of her forgetfulness. The woman thought she had Alzheimer's.
"And for her to come in and get some information about head injury, and about how multiple hits to the head can impact your memory, your attention, your concentration, your speed of processing, it was incredibly validating for her," says Bridwell.
The diagnosis gave her a new way to talk about and understand her private struggle. "They realize it's not their fault," Bridwell says.
And Zieman says PTSD and trauma affect this population deeply.
"The significance of the mood symptoms in this population far exceeds what we see in our other patients," she says.
Zieman says we're still in the early stages of understanding the effects of repetitive brain injury and how we can better treat it. The trauma of domestic violence only complicates the picture, but the survivors she sees remain her favorite to treat.
"I feel that we can make the biggest difference for these patients," she says.
This story is part of a reporting partnership with NPR, KJZZ and Kaiser Health News. You can follow Will Stone on Twitter: @WStoneReports.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With many young people awaiting A-Level results and gearing up for Fresher's Week 2017, the thought of travelling home - and the cost - will be far from their minds.
But as rail fares continue to rise at twice the rate of wages, the crippling travel costs wreaking havoc with many of our bank balances can be particularly pricey if you're a student.
However, there are handy solutions to bring down costs - from extra money off with a Railcard to booking well in advance to snap up the best deal. So you won't be stranded at university when you really need that weekend at home to recover from Fresher's flu or get all your laundry sorted.
Have a scroll for our some of our expert insider tips, deals and hacks - and for more back to uni advice, checklists and advice, see our complete university guide .
poll loading What should students be spending their money on? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Books and food Books, food and alcohol Life sized statues of Nicolas Cage
How you can save on student travel
1. Get a cheap (or free) 16-25 railcard
Railcards offer the best value when it comes to student travel. With British railways the most expensive in Europe, you can make your money back in as little as one single journey, especially if you're travelling through London or up north.
Santander's 123 Student account is free to join (or upgrade to) and it'll give you a free 4-year 16-25 Railcard to cover your costs throughout your studies, and beyond.
If you've already registered for your student account elsewhere, count up your (or your parents') Tesco Clubcard points as you can invest in a 1-year card (usually £30) for just £15 if you pay in Clubcard Points .
NUS cardholders can also get 12% off a 1-4 year card when you sign up online - log-in at NUS.org to redeem this discount .
Aged over 25? Don't worry, you can still get 1/3 off travel with a Network Railcard - and it extends to three accompanying adults and 60% off for up to four kids too.
2. Virgin Trains hack - save up to 70% off
(Image: Virgin Trains)
We've uncovered one trick that could save you hundreds on Virgin Trains fast train tickets, and you can book up to one-hour before travel.
The Virgin Trains homepage directs users to the journey planner section, however in the top right hand corner you'll see a ' Ways to Save ' tab - hit this box to reveal the network's best fare finder tool.
Best fare finder lists the cheapest fares on your date of travel - and divides times by morning, afternoon and evening.
How much can I save? Our test revealed an average saving of £60, but the downside is you have to stick to a set travel time, you cannot use your railcard to further the discount and tickets are non-refundable.
A standard off peak Manchester to London return costs £80.60 per person each-way when you book on-the-day.
However, book 24-hours before travel and you can get a ticket from £11 one-way. That's an automatic saving of £69.
3. Carpool to save money
(Image: AP)
As a carpool passenger you can save 79% of what you would spend on an off-peak single rail ticket.
Uber's latest Carpool initiative offers travellers the option to share their UberX car with other riders and split the cost.
If you're in a predominantly student based city, like Portsmouth or Southampton, you'll most likely end up in a car with other students - but this is not guaranteed.
How Uber Pool works:
Download the Uber app for Apple iOS , Microsoft or Google Play for Android, or visit the Uber UK website to register . Request your uberPOOL: select uberPOOL, choose your pickup location and destination, and review the fare price shown. Uber will then match you with riders heading in the same direction. There's a maximum of 2 riders per pickup, up to 4 co-riders in total. Pay the guaranteed fare through the app or online.
4. Catch a coach for £1
For incredibly cheap travel, bargain hunters should head to Megabus or National Express - both are brilliant for snapping up super cheap fares from as little as £1. Just remember to compare prices between the two and look out for the mega seat sales.
National Express is currently offering fares from £5. To book a ticket, head to National Express online . (There is a a £1 booking fee on all journeys).
Megabus is also worth a search as the coach network covers the same routes as National Express but except minus the booking fee.
They also do £1 tickets on Mondays, so depending on your schedule you can travel between Plymouth, Exeter and Bristol for less than, well, pretty much everything these days.
5. Split your train and spend less
Train passengers who 'split' their tickets could be saving up to 87% off their fare, according to number crunching from ticket splitting website Trainsplit.com .
Splitting rail tickets is an entirely legal loophole in which people can save money by buying a different ticket for different stages of their journey - even if they are staying on the same train the whole time.
For example, it can be cheaper to book a ticket from Liverpool to Crewe, then Crewe to London, than to simply buy a ticket from Liverpool to London.
You'd stay on the same train but save money by booking your journey in two stages. Confused? See our in depth guide on how to spill your fare here .
6. Buy a Young Persons Coachcard
(Image: National Express)
If you plan to travel via coach on a regular basis, buying a Young Persons Coachcard is a good idea. It works in much the same way a railcard does, offering extra discounts of up to a third off journeys for 16 to 26 year olds.
The coachcard costs £10 for a year or £25 for three years, and you often make back the cost within your first couple of journeys. You can buy a coachcard online via the National Express website and get it sent to your address.
7. Use cashback - get £15 off at Expedia Trains
(Image: Getty)
Cashback is a great way to save on your train fares as you'll earn on everything you spend, and if you're really savvy you can also get extra bonuses, which over the course of a term can soon add up.
Most cashback sites like Quidco and TopCashback are free to join and often offer exclusive rates for selected travel merchants from Trainline to Virgin Trains.
Right now travel booking site Expedia is offering users the option to purchase train tickets with no booking fee, but cashback site Quidco is also helping to cut costs by giving all new members a £15 cashback bonus towards the price of their journey.
The offer is only valid until midnight on August 20, 2017 and you must be a new Quidco member to be eligible, spending at least £10 on your tickets. So why not book a few return trips during your first term in advance?
How to get £15 off fares from Expedia Trains
Sign up to Quidco for free. Follow this link to the £15 Expedia Trains cashback bonus offer offer and you'll be directed to to buy a train ticket up to the value of £15. Your purchase will be tracked within seven days and paid into your members' account within three weeks of your order date.
You can read more about the small print here .
8. Book well in advance
(Image: Getty)
Train booking site thetrainline.com claims it can save travellers up to 43% on fares nationwide if booked up to 12 weeks early, and it includes fast trains to major cities like Birmingham, Manchester and Liverpool. Check out our comparison to find out exactly how much you could save by city here .
Tickets are available from your local station two-hours after purchase for free - you just need to take your payment card and booking reference with you.
Mobile tickets are free via the app (download via iTunes for Apple iOs or Google Play for Android ) on iPhone, Android, Blackberry and Nokia devices. You can also print your own tickets for free.
Get on the right mailing lists
For the best deals, and sales as they're announced, it's worth adding your email address to the relevant websites' mailing list. See our pick of the best rail providers below:
For more tips to save on your commute, see our page on how to get cheap train tickets . We've also uncovered a sneaky hack to bag you a return to Birmingham for £16 in our Virgin Trains guide .
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Friday night's EuroMillions jackpot is set to be the biggest-ever - and winning it would make you wealthier than Formula 1 champion Lewis Hamilton with a fortune on par with Adele.
The life-changing sum rolled over this week after no player managed to scoop the jackpot in Tuesday night's draw - which saw £167 million on the cards.
According to the competition's rules, the prize fund can go no higher than €190 million - or £168 million at Friday's exchange rate – where it will remain for four more draws.
If nobody matches all seven numbers on the fifth, the money will roll down to the next tier of winners - those with five numbers and a single lucky star.
But if a single ticket scoops the top prize – at odds of about 140 million to one, according to the EuroMillions website – it would create the UK and Europe's biggest ever winner.
So how can you maximise your chances of getting lucky?
We've talked about lucky numbers and why you shouldn't pick '13' - regardless of whether you think it's lucku or not - in our 4 ways to boost your chances guide , but what about frequency?
Popular numbers might be the way forward, and if you fancy giving it a whirl, here are the EuroMillions numbers that have appeared the most - and least since September 2016 to 3 October 2017.
Numbers that have appeared the most
Most popular EuroMillions winning numbers Source: Lottery.co.uk
Number 27: 17 times in the past year, last drawn 24 days ago
Number 10: 10 times in the past year, last drawn 24 days ago
Number 20: 17 times in the past year, last drawn 84 days ago
Number 17: 16 times in the past year, last drawn 24 days ago
Number 49: 15 times in the past year, last drawn 21 days ago
Number 9: 28 times in the past year, last drawn 21 days ago
Number 3: 23 times in the past year, last drawn 7 days ago
Numbers that have appeared the least
Least popular EuroMillions winning numbers Source: Lottery.co.uk
Number 46: 5 times in the past year, last drawn 52 days ago
Number 18: 6 times in the past year, last drawn 7 days ago
Number 33: 6 times in the past year, last drawn 126 days ago
Number 16: 6 times in the past year, last drawn 150 days ago
Number 34: 6 times in the past year, last drawn 185 days ago
Number 7: 11 times in the past year, last drawn 7 days ago
Number 6: 13 times in the past year, last drawn 10 days ago
Numbers that have appeared the most in pairs
Numbers that have appeared the most in pairs Source: Lottery.co.uk
7 and 27: 6 times in the past year
12 and 27: 5 times in the past year
22 and 49: 5 times in the past year
4 and 38: 4 times in the past year
7 and 48: 4 times in the past year
4 and 11: 6 times in the past year
1 and 5: 5 times in the past year
2 and 8: 5 times in the past year
3 and 7: 5 times in the past yea
8 and 10: 5 times in the past year
Numbers that have appeared the most in triplets
Numbers that have appeared the most in triplets Source: Lottery.co.uk
A typically peaceful, quiet community was struck with a sudden rash of crime.
Multiple people reported their vehicles were broken into in Saginaw.
"They were in my car with my family only feet away. And they could've done anything they wanted to and we would've had no idea that they were there," said Jessica Rondo, resident.
Rondo is nervous after somebody rifled through her and her husband's vehicles that were parked in their driveway.
"It was very alarming," she said.
The person or people stole gloves, $20 and a big jar of change.
"They took the whole compartment and everything right out of his glove box," Rondo said.
She let her friends in the Adams Boulevard neighborhood know what happened. She found out the petty break ins are becoming too common in the normally quiet neighborhood.
"We're not a high crime area. We're an annoying crime area," said Bill Scharffe, resident.
Scharffe has lived in the neighborhood since the '70s and has a similar story to Rondo's.
He said a few years ago somebody entered his garage and searched his car.
"It angers you that somebody would have that many guts. Open a garage door, walk into it knowing people are home because both cars are there and then leaving," Scharffe said.
While he's not scared, he doesn't want the crimes to go any further.
"What I worry about most is someone trying a home invasion," Scharffe said.
He said they have a strong neighborhood watch that will catch the criminals sooner or later.
Rondo is keeping an eye out too.
"We're watching. We're aware that you're doing this and we're not going to let it happen," she said.
TV5 reached out to the Saginaw Township Police Department and will update once we hear back.
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As Brits hit the shops for Christmas gift buying and prepare for a hearty roast and maybe a visit to church on the big day, it is worth remembering not everyone celebrates Christmas like us.
In fact, not everyone even celebrates Christmas on December 25, and for them Christmas is even further away.
Across the world, some countries celebrate Christmas on January 7 and use a whole host of traditions that are different from the Santa and his sleigh and mistletoe we are familiar with.
These countries mark Christmas differently because they use the Julian calendar rather than the Gregorian one.
We take a look at the different days Christmas is celebrated across the world, as well as how traditions vary.
The Netherlands
Here, the most important day of the festive season is December 5, when Sinterklaas, or St Nicholas, arrives by steamboat from his home in Spain.
Until the 19th Century, Sinterklaas operated alone, bringing well-behaved children presents and apparently spiriting bad youngsters away in his sack for re-education and a beating.
However, in 1850, children's author Jan Schenkman drew him with a black servant, who later became known as Zwarte Piet or Black Pete.
It became Zwarte Piet's job to go down the chimney to deliver presents and catch the less fortunate children.
Iceland
(Image: Getty Images)
The land of ice and snow has no fewer than 13 Santa Clauses.
Thirteen days before Christmas, the first Santa descends from the mountains and visits each house to put treats in children's shoes while they sleep.
Well-behaved children get presents such as mandarins and sweets, while bad kids typically receive something less attractive, such as a potato.
The next day the second Father Christmas comes to town and so on.
Then on December 25, the first one goes back, the next day the second one goes back.
January 6 is called "the thirteenth" and is the last day of Christmas because that day the last Santa goes home.
Germany
(Image: Getty Images/Universal Images Group)
Here, Christmas Eve is the most important day of the festive season.
Families traditionally mark the occasion with a feast and a visit to church for midnight mass.
Some families will sing at Christmas but in general the mood is one of contemplation and reflection.
Poland
(Image: Getty)
For Polish children, there's less second guessing what they might receive on Christmas Day as presents can start arriving on December 6.
That's because this is St Nicholas Day, or Sw. Mikolaj Day and St Nicholas is known as the original Father Christmas.
Unlike Santa in the UK, this character dresses in the white and gold of a Bishop, rather than red and white.
Families traditionally enjoy 12 dishes - including the country's famous pierogi dumplings - on Christmas Eve.
The feast is preceded by Opłatek, a type of Christmas wafer.
(Image: Rex)
Norway
If you are living in Norway, the tradition is to exchange presents are exchanged on Christmas Eve.
They are sometimes delivered by Santa Claus, although he goes by the name Julenissen.
But gifts also come in a more unique form - being brought by small gnomes called Nisse.
And in contrast to the mince pies and whisky British children put out for Santa and Rudolf, many families in Norway will leave out rice porridge for the Nisse who are believed to watch over farm animals. They will also leave a sheaf of wheat out for birds to eat over Christmas.
Argentina
Argentinians decorate their homes with lights and wreaths and hang red and white garlands of flowers on their doors.
Christmas trees are also popular and they are often decorated by December 8 - the feast of the Annunciation, when Christians remember when Mary was told she would have the baby Jesus.
The Nativity scene, or pesebre, is also an important Christmas decoration in Argentina.
Here, the main Christmas meal is eaten during the evening of Christmas Eve.
Popular dishes include roasted turkey, roasted pork, stuffed tomatoes and Christmas bread and puddings like 'Pan Dulce' and Panetone.
People often set off fireworks at midnight and 'toast' the start of Christmas Day.
Australia
Christmas comes in the middle of the summer holidays here, so often it's more about the BBQ than roast turkey with gravy.
Australians hang wreaths on their front doors and sometimes go carol singing on Christmas Eve.
People also decorate their houses and gardens with Christmas trees and lights.
(Image: Getty)
Australians also decorate their houses with bunches of 'Christmas Bush', a native tree with small green leaves and cream coloured flowers.
When he gets to Australia, Santa gives the reindeer a rest and uses kangaroos or 'six white boomers'.
It is also tradition to play backyard cricket on Boxing Day as the test match from the Melbourne Cricket Ground and the Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race begins.
Russia
Similar to other eastern European countries, families eat 12 dishes to represent the 12 apostles on Christmas Eve, including beetroot soup, fish and stuffed cabbages.
They then attend Church and enjoy a Christmas meal on January 7, abiding by the Julian calendar.
(Image: Getty)
Nigeria
Christmas in Nigeria is a family event.
Many families will throw Christmas parties that will last all night long on Christmas Eve, then on Christmas Morning, they go to church to give thanks to God.
Homes and streets are often decorated and most homes have artificial Christmas trees.
Nigerians do eat turkey at Christmas.
However, in addition, a traditional Christmas meal may include beef, goat, sheep, ram or chicken.
Vietnam
In Vietnam Christmas Eve is often more important than Christmas Day.
The country used to belong to France and there are still French influences in its Christmas traditions.
For example, like in France, the special Christmas Eve meal is called 'reveillon' and has a 'bûche de Noël' (a chocolate cake in the shape of a log) for desert.
Vietnamese people like to give presents of food and at Christmas a bûche de Noël is a popular gift.
Santa is called Ông già Noel - which translates as Christmas old man.
Sri Lanka
Although Sri Lanka is mostly Buddhist (just 7 per cent of people are Christians) Christmas is still a public holiday.
For Christians in Sri Lanka, the Christmas season starts on December 1 when people let off fire crackers at dawn.
The streets are decorated and shopping centres have large Christmas trees in them.
In Sri Lanka, Santa is known as Naththal Seeya.
April 24 (UPI) -- Autistic children's emotions can be managed with cognitive behavioral therapy, according to new research.
In a trial, researchers in Toronto determined that CBT helped children with autism improve their emotional challenges, including sadness and anger. The research was published this week in The Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry.
According to the researchers, about 70 percent of children with autism have some form of emotional issues. About half of them have anxiety, and another 25 percent to 40 percent also have anger or depression. Some children have both issues.
In cognitive behavioral therapy, treatment is based on how someone's thoughts and beliefs influence their actions and moods. The treatment focuses on their current problems and how to solve them.
"We can use this same intervention to improve children's skills more broadly regardless of what emotional challenge they have," Jonathan Weiss, an associate professor in the Department of Psychology, Faculty of Health at York University in Toronto, said in a press release. "We can make them more resilient to many emotional and mental health issues."
The trial, conducted from January 2013 to April 2016, included 68 children between age 8 and 12 and their parents, mostly mothers. They were randomly assigned to one of two groups, receiving either 10 sessions starting right away and waiting to receive treatment at a later time.
The participants' emotions and behavior were tracked, and then the children were reviewed by a doctor who was not directly involved with their treatment and did not know which of the two groups each participant was in.
Among those in the treatment group, 74 percents behavior improved, compared with 31 percent in the waitlist group.
The treatment included time-limited spy-themed cognitive behaviral therapy involving a computer program, games and tools to help build the child's emotional toolkit. Parents also practiced what they were learning with their children and served as co-therapists.
"We believe that children grow and develop and improve within the context of healthy families and this intervention aids to help the family unit more broadly to be the agent of change," Weiss said.
Researchers plan to next explore whether the therapy can be effective for neurodevelopmental conditions, such as ADHD.
Welcome to Wednesday's live Bristol City transfer blog.
Yesterday saw another new signing at Ashton Gate with Andreas Weimann confirming his £2m move from Derby County to the Robins.
Some developing news today sees the confirmation that Middlesbrough and Leeds United are interested in Robins defender Joe Bryan.
The Robins also became linked with a move for former Ipswich Town striker David McGoldrick - although they are not the only club interested in the player.
Keep an eye below as we chart all the Bristol City news across the day.
Clipper World Yacht Race – Day 2, Race 2 – Early frontrunners emerge
Day 2, Race 2 – Clipper Round the World Yacht Race Clipper Ventures Day 2, Race 2 – Clipper Round the World Yacht Race Clipper Ventures
by The Clipper Race today at 3:16 pmThe difference between first and eighth has more than doubled from 10nm (nautical miles) on the first day to 25nm, with a top three now beginning to emerge.For the second consecutive day, Dare To Lead fronts the fleet, though Liverpool 2018 trails by just 2nm. Dare To Lead Skipper Dale Smyth, who has played his Joker Card for the race to his home port of Cape Town, says: “It has been a constant jostle between ourselves and Liverpool 2018 since we left, as we overtake each other turn for turn, and again the density of the fleet shows how evenly matched these boats are.Looking ahead to the next 24 hours, Dale adds: “We have to transition the passage of the cold front soon as we cannot keep up with its pace, so that should be quite tactical as the wind backs southwest. Anyway, after reeling off 420 miles since departure, we are happy to be making great progress.”Visit Seattle makes up the top three, though it is fighting off a strong challenge from Greenings. Greenings currently sits in fourth place and is less than 3nm ahead of Garmin in fifth. Interim Greenings Skipper, Andy Woodruff, reports: “It's been another 24 hours of powered up reaching in 25-35 knots of wind, with boat speeds often above 15 knots and a top speed of 23.5 knots. We have been following Visit Seattle, who was in sight for last few hours, but we have appeared to drop behind a little now.”Qingdao fell from third to sixth overnight, after opting for a more northerly course compared to the rest of the fleet, while less than 1nm separates the seventh placed Sanya Serenity Coast from the eighth placed GREAT Britain, who are now both around 25nm off the pace. Sanya Serenity Coast Skipper Wendy Tuck describes how tight the racing is, saying: “We are trucking along, but so is the rest of the fleet. There have been some great surfs today.“Our start yesterday was pretty ordinary and it has left us in a pretty ordinary position, but with still over 3000 nautical miles to go, we can at least give it a shot to catch the leaders.”HotelPlanner.com, Nasdaq, and Unicef are close in the standings in ninth, tenth, and eleventh respectively, but Unicef's tactic of going further south could soon pay off if it picks up stronger winds. Unicef Skipper Bob Beggs reports: “The pace still continues. I even had a trick on the helm so as not to miss out on the surfing. My best speed for my time on the helm was 20.5 knots but I'm sure that has been surpassed by later helmsmen.'Progress is good and the weather shows no appreciable let up in the wind so we are looking forward to a fast and safe successful race.”Clipper Race Meteorologist Simon Rowell says: “It'll be interesting to see how long the north group can stay ahead of that next front. While the good winds ahead of it are with them, it will be overcast and showery.”He adds: “Looking ahead, there are some interesting tactical choices coming up with the two lows.”PSP Logistics is due to arrive back in Uruguay today, after being forced to suspend racing yesterday in order to repair damage to its starboard rudder, following a collision with a whale. No one is hurt and there is no risk to the yacht. Skipper Roy Taylor, says: “Despite the great disappointment, I can take great pride in the way the team dealt with this setback and their attitude since.
“Lots of great ideas and suggestions came flooding in from the team, as clearly the content of their ISAF training came flooding back to them.
“We are now 65 nautical miles from Piriapolis (near Punta del Este), Uruguay, where we are due to be lifted and repaired. We then hope to be underway as soon as we can, and then avoid whales on the passage to Cape Town.”
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/157815
The UK has been left reeling at Theresa May's decision to call a snap general election on June 8.
The Prime Minister, who only took office in July, made the shock announcement on the steps of Downing Street shortly after 11am.
The news has caused politicians and candidates across the country to jump in to action, with news outlets publishing a flurry of pieces about how the vote will affect Brexit negotiations and international policies.
However, the election has just as much, if not more, resonance to individuals and communities.
So do you know who your MP is?
Well, here is a handy guide in case you have forgotten:
Bristol
Bristol North West: Charlotte Leslie, Conservative
The seat includes; Avonmouth, Henbury, Henleaze, Horfield, Kingsweston, Lockleaze, Southmead, Stoke Bishop, and Westbury-on-Trym.
Bristol East: Kerry McCarthy, Labour
The seat includes; Brislington East, Brislington West, Eastville, Frome Vale, Hillfields, St George East, St George West, and Stockwood
Bristol South: Karin Smyth, Labour
The seat includes; Bedminster, Bishopsworth, Filwood, Hartcliffe, Hengrove, Knowle, Southville, Whitchurch Park, and Windmill Hill
Bristol West: Thangam Debbonaire, Labour
The seat includes; Ashley, Bishopston, Cabot, Clifton, Clifton East, Cotham, Easton, Lawrence Hill, and Redland
South Gloucestershire
Filton and Bradley Stoke: Jack Lopresti, Conservative
The seat includes; Almondsbury, Bradley Stoke South, Bradley Stoke Central & Stoke Lodge, Bradley Stoke North, Downend, Filton, Frenchay & Stoke Park, Patchway, Pilning and Severn Beach, Staple Hill, Stoke Gifford and Winterbourne
Kingswood: Chris Skidmore, Conservative
The seat includes; Bitton, Hanham, Kings Chase, Longwell Green, Oldland Common, Parkwall, Rodway, Siston, and Woodstock.
Thornbury and Yate: Luke Hall, Conservative
The seat includes; Alveston, Boyd Valley, Charfield, Cromhall, Dodington, Frampton Cotterell, Aust, Thornbury, Yate and Westerleigh.
North Somerset
North Somerset: Liam Fox, Conservative
The seat includes; Backwell, Clevedon Central, Clevedon East, Clevedon North, Clevedon South, Clevedon Walton, Clevedon West, Clevedon Yeo, Easton-in-Gordano, Gordano, Nailsea East, Nailsea North and West, Pill, Portishead Central, Portishead Coast, Portishead East, Portishead Redcliffe Bay, Portishead South and North Weston, Portishead West, Winford, Wraxall and Long Ashton, Wrington, and Yatton.
Weston-super-Mare: John Penrose, Conservative
The seat includes; Banwell and Winscombe, Blagdon and Churchill, Congresbury, Hutton and Locking, Kewstoke, Weston-super-Mare Central, Weston-super-Mare Clarence and Uphill, Weston-super-Mare East, Weston-super-Mare Milton and Old Worle, Weston-super-Mare North Worle, Weston-super-Mare South, Weston-super-Mare South Worle, and Weston-super-Mare West.
North East Somerset: Jacob Rees-Mogg, Conservative
The seat includes; Bathavon, Clutton, Chew Valley, Farmborough, High Littleton, Keynsham, Mendip, Midsomer Norton, Paulton, Peasedown, Publow,Whitchurch, Saltford, Timsbury and Westfield
click to enlarge Provided
Shawn Allison is the first artist featured in the Saul Alexander Gallery's First Monday Gallery Nights series.
CCPL's Main Library, located at 68 Calhoun St., is launching a new series in the Saul Alexander Gallery, First Monday Gallery Nights, kicking off on Mon. Feb. 5 at 6 p.m. The first featured artist is Shawn Allison, who creates landscapes of city and rural life in his collection of linoleum block prints,In a press release gallery coordinator Megan Summers said, "The Saul Alexander Gallery is one of the few free, public art spaces in the city and so this is a great opportunity to showcase the work of artists with connections to the region in a way that is accessible to everyone."Stay up-to-date with Saul Alexander Gallery shows at ccpl.org.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Outspoken Conservative politician Jacob Rees-Mogg has been caught up in violence at a political meeting at Bristol's University of the West of England tonight.
The North East Somerset MP appeared at a debate on Friday February 2 hosted by the university's Politics and International Relations Society (PAIRS).
However, the meeting descended into violence as protesters and the Tory politician's supporters traded blows.
Mr Rees-Mogg is seen coming in between the aggressors, holding them at arm's length.
A UWE student, Chloe Kaye, captured the incident on her phone, saying: "Huge amount of physical violence at a Jacob Rees Mogg speech in UWE Bristol".
A number of other people are seen filming the fight as well.
The event had been planned in advance by the society who said on their Facebook page they had sold out of tickets in the first seven minutes that they went on sale.
UPDATE: Protesters call Jacob Rees-Mogg a 'Nazi' and 'racist' before violence erupts at UWE in Bristol
The Facebook post said: "We're really humbled that we sold out the tickets in 7 minutes so we thank you for the support you've all given for this event!
"If you did not get a ticket, do not worry as there will be some more available this time next week so we'll post that immediately for everyone!"
The Bristol Post has asked Mr Rees-Mogg's representatives and the Conservative Party for a comment.
Johannesburg: India`s Shubhankar Sharma claimed a maiden European Tour title at the rain-hit Joburg Open on Monday when he returned to the course to card a final round 69 to secure a three-shot victory at the Randpark Golf Club.
The 21-year-old Sharma led for the final two rounds after a scintillating 61 on Friday and had 11 holes to complete after lightning, rain and hail forced the event into an extra day.
His tournament total of 23 under-par was three ahead of South African Erik van Rooyen (66), whose outright second place provided him with the best ever European Tour finish.
"It feels wonderful to have won, I actually wasn`t going to come to South Africa about a week ago, but in the end decided to travel and I`m really happy I did that," Sharma said at the trophy presentation.
"I hit the ball good and putted well, but the key for me were the up and downs I made through the week. Once in a while you have to make some par saves to get a round going and I did that."
South African Shaun Norris (65) finished tied for third with Finland`s Tapio Pulkkanen (68) at 17 under-par, a result that allows the former to join Sharma and Van Rooyen in the field at next year`s Open Championship at Carnoustie Golf Links.
All Them Witches
Strange Brew:
All Them Witches Stir Up the Pot
“We're definitely not the band we were when we met, and that was only five years ago,” ponders Charles Michael Parks, Jr., vocalist, bassist, guitarist and chief lyricist of Nashville-born band All Them Witches. “We welcome the change.”
The quartet has certainly refined and grown its sound since the ancient past of 2012, while retaining all the good parts. Arriving on the scene drenched in swampy stoner sludge, their debut album Our Mother Electricity was an impressively faithful but all-too-reverent recreation of the likes of Iron Butterfly, Amboy Dukes, Blue Cheer and early Sabbath. Though it could still easily be mistaken for a psych-metal artifact from 1970, they broke out of the shell significantly on 2013's Lightning at the Door, exhibiting more command, intensity, mystery and scope, along with more prominent and intriguing lyrics. (It's no coincidence that Parks took over the majority of the lyric writing from guitarist Ben McLeod with this album.) Dying Surfer Meets His Maker, their 2015 debut for New West Records, found them fully confident in their skin, taking more unexpected detours while laying down some of their more epic extended jams. At the risk of pigeonholing them, their closest artistic kin would be Led Zeppelin, another quartet anchored in hard rock but with an adventurism that would welcome in (and steal from) blues, folk and other musical elements. Plus, they also share with Zeppelin a fondness for some absolutely pummeling, bicep-building Bonham-esque drum slogs, courtesy of Robby Staebler.
So after all that, what do they do for their fourth album, Sleeping Through the War? They get weird, that's what.
But not “weird” in the pretentious, attention seeking, overly arty Flaming Lips sense. No, the album slithers and grinds and winds through thick, heavy grooves like their best stuff always has. It's more in the way they keep pleasantly surprising you, doing the unexpected, keeping it interesting and not looking back. The album's eight songs are a more varied mix than any they've assembled in the past. They've grown tremendously as musicians. Parks' vocals, filtered through foggy reverb, are sinuous and glowing, adding to the cryptic layers of his lyrics. And, more than anything, the whole slab just sounds MIGHTY.
Which in its own sense is sorta weird, since Sleeping Through the War was produced by Nashville “it” producer Dave Cobb, whose recent credits include just about anyone associated with the current roots-focused country/Americana resurgence in Nashville, be it Jason Isbell, Sturgill Simpson, Chris Stapleton, Shooter Jennings or Jamey Johnson. One would be forgiven for assuming All Them Witches would thus be inspired or encouraged to explore their more Southern rock leanings (and they are there). But see, turns out it's not even a factor. They do the unexpected, and they make it work.
“We met [Cobb] when we were about to record Dying Surfer,” recalls Parks. “And he wanted to do that one, but we didn't feel prepared enough to do that. So we held out, and then when the next album came around he still wanted to work with us. And that was great.”
Knowing that they wanted to be prepared, the band put more care into the writing of the material that would wind up on Sleeping Through the War than they had ever done before. Which still doesn't seem like much, compared to a lot of bands. They composed the songs in a four-day/ten-hour-per marathon in Athens, Georgia, wedged between European tours.
“We don't want to [write] it in Nashville,” says keyboardist Allan Van Cleave. “I think we were trying to get away from our comfort zone.”
It helps that New West has an office in Athens, plus a small performance space called Normaltown Hall, where the band crafted and refined their new material. “The last day, at the New West office, we just [played] the record from start to finish. Not like the order that people hear it now, but every song. And that's something that we still can't do to this day with any other record, just play it completely from start to finish,” says McLeod.
Though still considered a Nashville-based band, McLeod is actually the only member who still lives there. The others moved away some three years ago – Parks to Asheville, Staebler to Ohio and Van Cleave to New Mexico. They insist that it hasn't adversely affected the dynamic of their interplay or songwriting.
“We've always been a touring band,” stresses Parks, “so that's how we write music. That's how we've always written music. Not necessarily on the road, but things pop up when you're soundchecking and whatever, and you take little bits and pieces from all the little things that you do, and take pieces out of jams, and make new songs out of 'em. I'm always working on shit in my head.”
“Our music's really open,” adds McLeod. “Like, there's room for mistakes. A lot of bands, they want to practice, they live together, or they live in the same city and they want to practice all the time to get their songs right. And our songs are never right. I mean, they never turn out the same way. Every night is different. Even the straightforward songs, every night is different. So we welcome the mistakes because that's the only way that you grow.”
Appropriately, none of the four is from Nashville originally, either. Parks moved there from New Mexico after high school in 2008, when he was 19, hoping to work as a musician. Van Cleave and Staebler met in college, and after the former moved from Oregon to Nashville to join a band (prior to All Them Witches), Staebler soon followed suit. And McLeod moved there to escape St. Augustine, Florida, his hometown.
“My sister lived in Nashville before I moved there,” the guitarist says. “So I would visit, and, like, in a two-month period I decided that I was just going to drive up there and try to get a job and apartment. And I just never drove home. But if my older sister hadn't have lived there I probably wouldn't be there. She was kind of my introduction to the city. She does tax accounting for, like, the Black Keys, and Taylor Swift, huge household name people.”
At first it was just Robby and Ben who got together to work on a jazz-oriented project. “We pursued that idea for, like, a day, and then we abandoned ship,” laughs Staebler. “I was really into jazz, and the music that I was making before I moved down [to Nashville] was like this weird, bizarre stuff. That's kind of what I was trying to go towards, so we were doing some jazzy jams. For one day! It wasn't going the way I wanted it to. And then I just started playing stuff in half time, and then that was it. It was really just noise. Just getting together and just making noises.”
Soon enough, they coalesced around their psychedelic blues-rock style with the addition of Van Cleave and Parks.
“We're not trying to reinvent the wheel. There's guitar, bass, keys, drums, and one vocal,” emphasizes McLeod. “It's just really simple. Like, everything from our stage plot, or input list, to the way that we record – it's all just bare bones.”
“Everybody's really good at what they do. I will say that,” offers Van Cleave.
“Yeah, and the way that we play – everybody knows how to weave,” says Parks. “Everybody knows how to dip in and out of a song. Whether everybody is thinking it, or not thinking about it, it just works.”
“Maybe that's the jazz influence,” Van Cleave considers.
Staebler: “We let our subconscious come out through our music.”
McLeod: “We can play a metal festival, a blues festival, a jazz festival…[even] a folk festival. And fit in, somehow.”
“At first, the shows and the bills we were getting on would be, like, singer-songwriter stuff,” laughs Staebler. “And metal shit.”
Speaking of, Parks' sparse but poetic lyrics are (naturally, keeping with their habit of defying expectations) neither straightforwardly descriptive nor far-out stoner-metal fantasy excursions. Comparable in certain respects to Bo Orr's approach in Arbor Labor Union (who I'd love to see share a bill with All Them Witches), they're sorta in a realm of their own. In contrast to the sprawling intensity of the music, they're almost mundane, but also strangely evocative, like you're never really sure what he's going on about.
“I get ideas from all the wild shit that everybody says all the time,” Parks tells me.
“All these other stoner bands that sing about Mars and shit, they don't know anything about that stuff. It's just ridiculous,” says McLeod.
“Riding off into space on a spaceship? Yeah, I try to stay away from that false kind of narrative,” Parks agrees. “I feel like a lot of it is forced at this point. And it's like, people who like that genre, the fans, they're diehards for it. And a lot of those bands are awesome. A lot of them are our friends. But yeah I think if you look at [our] records from start to finish, you can see the change from [us] kind of doing the weird, cosmic thing, and then you see it get to present day. Each album is kind of different, and it's set in a different period of time for me. So, yeah, [Sleeping Through the War] is a very present day album. Whereas the first one is like old times. And the next one… I don't know what it's going to be about.”
Photo by Alysse Gafkjen.
Harvey Weinstein takes leave of absence after harassment reports
Film studio executive Harvey Weinstein has paid at least eight settlements to women who accused him of sexual harassment, The New York Times reported Thursday. The allegations against him span nearly three decades. Women, including actress Ashley Judd and former Weinstein employees, say he invited them to hotel rooms and made unwanted advances, sometimes appearing naked in front of them. One former employee said he promised to advance her career if she had sex with him. Judd said he asked her to watch him shower or let him massage her, which Weinstein denied. In a statement, Weinstein said he "came of age … when all the rules about behavior and workplaces were different" and that he is "trying to do better." He will take a leave of absence from his company.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Made In Chelsea star Ashley James has tweeted about a terrifying sexual assault on her way home from work at Old Spitalfields in London.
The ex-reality star had finished her Hoxton Radio set and was coming home when the attack happened, she claimed.
Ashley, 30, took to Twitter today to update her followers on what had happened, explaining that her Louboutin shoes had broken when she chased her attacker away.
"On Friday I was sexually assaulted on the way home, luckily I'm ok however my LouboutinWorld aren't as I chased the fuc*er down and broke the heels," she recalled.
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: Rex Features)
"Does anyone know about a repair service? Do they offer one? Also... we caught him, and I was the 2nd that night."
She went on to urge other victims of sexual assault to report their attackers to the police to save other vulnerable people in future.
"If similar incidents ever happen to any of you make sure to report it as the next attack could be worse or to someone more vulnerable.
(Image: WENN)
"Like I said, it was a shock at the time but could've been a lot worse."
The brave star gave no further details about where the attack happened and whether she reported the man to police.
Ashley didn't refer to the incident on Friday but did retweet an empowering message aimed at abusive men over the weekend.
"No reason why a Man should want to degrade a Woman. Come on, fix up. The Ladies made us," the tweet read.
Mirror Online has contacted Ashley's reps for comment.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Comedy star and passionate animal welfare campaigner Ricky Gervais is backing the Mirror's campaign to help puppies and dogs.
Called Lucy's Law , the campaign is demanding a ban on puppy sales by pet shops and other dealers, a trade which supports horrific commercial dog breeding farms.
Ricky wants anyone thinking of getting a dog to consider saving one from a rescue centre.
“This weekend plan a visit to your local rescue shelter, where your new best friend is waiting for you,” he has Tweeted to his 13 million followers, adding #LucysLaw.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
The comedy legend has been travelling the world with his Humanity tour which has featured 100 performances in 40 cities, and his intervention is a powerful boost for Lucy's Law.
It was launched in Parliament in December and has support from MPs from all parties and numerous animal charities from grass roots volunteers to big names such as the RSPCA and the International Fund for Animal Welfare .
It was founded by Brighton vet Marc Abraham, who has long called for families wanting a dog to adopt from a rescue centre rather than buy from a pet shop or other third party dealer.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
He said it was a myth that rescue dogs are problematic, most are just “unlucky”, being abandoned because their owners have died or otherwise become unable to look after them.
“Go to a rescue centre,” he urges.
“5,000 healthy dogs are put down every year because they cannot be re-homed.
“As a nation of animal lovers we should be disgusted that we allow this to happen.”
Lucy's Law is named after a remarkable Cavalier Spaniel called Lucy who rescued from a Welsh puppy farm and became a celebrity in her own right on social media before her death more than a year ago.
If passed, puppies will only be allowed to be sold if they are present with their mothers, or in rescue shelters. This will effectively put out of business the squalid large scale commercial puppy farmers who operate behind closed doors.
"It's never appropriate to sell a puppy without its mum, unless it is adoption from a rescue centre,” said Marc Abraham.
“The advice of the Government and every vet is that if you take a puppy away from its mum it will be immediately detrimental to its welfare.
“That puppy will be a timebomb of behavioural and medical problems. If it lives it can cost the new owner hundreds if not thousands of pounds, and some of these problems like nervous aggression are life-long.”
Ricky's support for Lucy's Law is no surprise, given his incredible track record of forthright attacks on animal abusers.
(Image: Philip Coburn/Daily Mirror)
In 2015 he was awarded the Outstanding Contribution honour at the Daily Mirror's Animal Hero Awards, saying that the sickening videos of dolphin cruelty and bullfighting that were shown at the ceremony made him so angry it reduced him to tears.
He said: “The Mirror are the best at tackling animal cruelty.”
Here are some of his powerful animal Tweets.
"A matador being killed by a bull is not the tragic bit. Torturing the bull for fun in the first place is the tragic bit."
"How weird will we seem to future generations for enslaving dolphins, torturing bulls, and wiping out rhinos for fake medicine?"
"Trophy Hunting, poaching, dog torture festivals...it seems like a losing battle. But let's fight it any way."
"It's misleading to call Yulin a Dog Meat Festival. It should be called a Dog Torture Festival. Because that's what it is."
"'It is better to smash a dog torturer's face in with a f*****g hammer than to let that dog be tortured' - Old Chinese Proverb."
"What must've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling?"
"Well done. You managed to shoot a stationery, 14 foot peaceful creature with a high velocity rifle. Very sporting."
"The West African Black Rhino has been officially declared extinct. It was hunted for its horn. Shame on our species."
These psycho trophy hunters always have stuff about their family being everything to them on their profiles. Elephants love their family too.
"The only way Fox Hunting would count as vermin control is if the posh twats fell off their horses and broke their necks. #KeepTheBan"
× Tennessee sheriff's deputy fatally shot after suspicious vehicle call
A manhunt was underway in Tennessee Wednesday for a man suspected of fatally shooting a sheriff's deputy responding to a suspicious vehicle report, authorities said.
Steven Wiggins was identified as a person of interest in Wednesday morning's fatal shooting of Dickson County Sheriff's Deputy Sgt. Daniel Baker, Tennessee Bureau of Investigation spokeswoman Susan Niland said.
Baker had responded to a resident's 911 call about a suspicious vehicle about 7 a.m. in Dickson County — just over 40 miles west of Nashville, Niland said.
After a period of not being able to contact the deputy, Baker's vehicle was tracked with GPS about 2 miles from the location of the initial call by an officer from another agency, Niland said. Baker was dead in his vehicle.
“You can see what can transpire from something that we think is just a suspicious vehicle,” an emotional Dickson County Sheriff Jeff Bledsoe told reporters.
Investigators identified Wiggins from video from the area, Niland said. She said an unidentified female was being interviewed in connection with the case.
Wiggins has been added to the TBI's 10 most wanted list and a $7,500 reward offered for information leading to his capture, CNN affiliate WZTV reported.
“There's not much I can say today other than our hearts are shattered,” Bledsoe said.
“This is one of our best deputies. He's a supervisor. He's worked his way up to sergeant. On patrol, he's one of the guys who put it on the line every day to keep our community safe.”
Bledsoe had a message for Wiggins: “If he is listening or anyone listening that knows him, that can talk some sense into him that he will turn himself in, that's what he needs to do.”
Baker's mother, Veronica Bryan, described him as a kind and compassionate young man in a statement to the station.
“He loved his family, and adored his wife and daughter,” the statement said. “He loved the outdoors, fishing and hunting. He served his country in the Marines and came home to serve his community. He was a faithful servant to all.”
Wiggins is also wanted by the Cheatham County Sheriff's office and TBI for aggravated assault and theft in a separate case.
The market for Marvel movies might a bit over-saturated right now. We are after all on the tail-end of Thor: Ragnarok, with Black Panther only months away and a brand-new Avengers: Infinity War trailer to tide us over in the meantime.
But we're sorely lacking when it comes to Marvel movies with fewer than, say, a dozen heroes. So the trailer for Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is a welcome sight, even if the title suggests there will be multiple web-slingers at some point. It's moody and stylish in a way that the live-action Marvel movies haven't really tried to capture before. And it is, finally, a Spider-Man movie starring Miles Morales, the biracial successor to Peter Parker who's been around in the comics since 2010.
Into the Spider-Verse exists outside the Marvel cinematic universe, where we currently have our third iteration of Parker and some subtle hints that Morales might appear eventually. And while Spider-Man: Homecoming smartly decided not to re-tread Spidey's origin story, we're still desperately in need of a reboot that brings something new to the table. Even if it is something of a half-measure—animated instead of big budget and live action, stand-alone instead of part of MCU, making Morales one of many Spider-Men—it's still something to get excited about.
STAY CONNECTED WITH US GQ India
NOW READ
> More on Entertainment
This article originally appeared on gq.com
The Salmon Arm Fire Department has responded to a structure fire at approximately 12:30 p.m. near the intersection of Highway 97B and 10th Avenue SE.
Heavy black smoke is emanating from the structure, which is reported to be a barn, and a power line is down in the area.
Highway 97B has been closed at the intersection of 10th Avenue SE and motorists are advised to avoid the area. Fire crews are working on getting traffic moving, and it appears vehicles are moving northbound on the highway but not southbound.
A reporter has been sent to the scene and more information will be provided as it becomes available.
@Jodi_Brak117
jodi.brak@saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The mainstream media has been promoting the idea that the Trump administration is intentionally sabotaging Obamacare. This article in the Washington Post, which uses the word “sabotage” in the headline of the paper edition, is an example of the talking point.
One way the administration is said to be sabotaging Obamacare is by cutting funds to groups that try to enroll people in the program and by reducing its advertising budget. Fewer enrollments by young, healthy consumers undermine Obamacare which relies on their participation to “buffer the health-care costs of sicker customers,” to borrow the euphemistic language of Post report Juliet Eilperin.
I don't know whether the Trump administration is trying to sabotage Obamacare. However, the case for cutting funds to activist groups that work to enroll people in the program, and for slashing the advertising budget, seems solid on the merits.
Obamacare has been around long enough to sell itself to those to whom it can be sold. If Obamacare is a good deal, and I'm sure it is for some, word of its virtues will have spread by now. The left may regard Americans as sheep in need of herding, but there's no reason why the rest of us should.
The famous push to enroll Americans (“Pajama Boy” and all that) made sense when Obamacare was rolled out in 2013, though I always had reservation about using left-wing activists for this purpose. Four years on, it makes sense to cut back substantially on this effort.
In addition, there is a strong case that Obamacare is a bad deal is a bad deal for young, healthy Americans. That is the view of the Trump administration.
It is problematic for an administration to try to persuade these people to agree to what it considers a bad deal for them. This is especially true of an administration, like Trump's, that doesn't even believe their participation will serve a greater good — namely the preservation of Obamacare, a system it opposes.
The Post's article also considers the unwillingness of the Trump administration to approve, so far, various requests from states — e.g., Iowa — to make changes in their ailing health insurance marketplace. These waiver requests require a case-by-case analysis, and Eilperin doesn't supply enough information — e.g., the administration's side of the story — to permit readers to evaluate the merits.
One of the cases involves Minnesota. There, the administration approved a request for more than $300 million in funds to establish a reinsurance program that will lower premiums by guaranteeing insurers limited financial exposure for customers with particularly high medical expenses. However, the administration also cut a slightly larger amount in funding aimed at residents who earn between 138 percent and 200 percent of the federal poverty level — in other words, residents who aren't poor.
I can't speak to the merits of this compromise. I will note that the assumption of the administration's critics, and throughout Eilperin's article, is that it is somehow illegitimate to be concerned about the cost to the federal government of patching up Obamacare. If Tom Price can fly on chartered jets, we are told, then the feds can be more generous with this or that program or subsidy.
This is an obvious non-sequitur. It's reasonable for the Trump administration to be cost conscious for any program, and certainly for one it doesn't like. However, the benefit of a particular waiver request, or program that might be used to offset the cost, must also be part of the administration's calculus.
And I think Trump should be mindful that the collapse of Obamacare markets in states like Iowa might damage him politically.
BBC'S MY FAMILY SEEMS A LONG TIME AGO NOW
Woman gets her hand stuck in a toilet
Terrifying view into shark's jaws as it leaps out
Melania Trump has to REMIND Donald Trump to raise
Woman gives birth to baby boy just hours after hu
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hundreds of mourners have gathered at the funeral of Big Fat Gypsy Wedding and Celebrity Big Brother star Paddy Doherty's father.
People joined the TV personality to say goodbye to Simon Doherty, remembered as the "father of all travellers", at a service at St Michael's Church in Ashtead, Surrey.
More than a dozen silver Rolls Royces, each bearing the Irish tricolour, lined up outside the church.
Mr Doherty's coffin was emblazoned with the colours of the Irish flag and the message: "Simon Doherty - blacksmith, King of all Doherty's".
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
Paddy Doherty said: "He was like Mafia in his own way, not in a bad way - any trouble they would go to him.
"He was like the godfather - what he said was law.
"He said I want no one crying at my funeral, I want them happy, singing and get them drunk."
The 58-year-old former bare knuckle fighter sat with his hand resting on his father's coffin throughout the service and tributes, which included video footage of Mr Doherty senior in a horse race and a group of Irish dancers.
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
"He wasn't an average man - he was outstanding, a great man," he added.
"Everything had to be five stars for him, he lived the best and was the best.
"My poor mother - her heart is devastated, her heart is broken.
"I'm so grateful how many people have turned out - we just want everything to go well, everything has to be tremendous and over the top."
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
Close family members wore red ties, Mr Doherty's favourite colour, which they will throw into his grave.
Floral tributes were laid on the altar in the shape of an Irish shamrock, bottles of whisky, pint of Guinness and a Rolls-Royce.
Mr Doherty's coffin was driven away in a silver Rolls-Royce hearse.
Thousands of mourners are expected to attend a procession through north London after the service.
Assistant manager Marcus Stewart has labelled this current Bristol Rovers side as the best group of players at the club in 17 years.
Rovers defeated Oldham 1-0 to move onto 66 points and overtake their tally from the 2008/09 season to record their highest points total in the third tier since 2000.
Speaking after the match, Stewart was quick to praise everyone at the club for a remarkable season.
"We've come a long way in a short period of time to get that record points total. They're the best group of players in 17 years," said Stewart.
The 2008/09 season is remembered fondly as number nine Rickie Lambert fired home 29 goals for the Gas. But this current side now have more points than Paul Trollope's side that season, and Stewart believes man for man this team is the best this century.
"Whoever is wearing the number nine is better than any player who wore the number nine at this club in the last 17 years. That's how we have to look at it. The shirt, the place, the club, the staff are all better staff than they were 17 years ago.
"Because that's where we are, that's the truth."
Rovers secured the victory against Oldham after Ellis Harrison scored the winner with his first goal since his four-goal heroics back in Janaury, and Stewart labelled Harrison a match winner while praising his effort.
"We had a match winner in Ellis who was also a match winner in defence towards the last 10 minutes, making a couple of crucial tackles and headers.
"It was an important goal today that gives us a glimmer of hope. I have full trust in Ellis, and as a striker you don't always play well and score goals but it's about keeping your focus when things aren't going your way.
"Okay his middle third game could have been better, but he added great value in both boxes today. "
Share. Own goal. Own goal.
Riot Games has been unsuccessful in defending itself against claims the studio knowingly used the likeness of an ex-professional soccer player without permission for a League of Legends character.
As reported by Het Parool (via PC Gamer), footballer Edgar Davids - who played for Juventus, Barcelona and UK premier-league side, Tottenham Hotspur during his career - contacted Riot in 2015 to request it stopped using League of Legends character skin Striker Lucian, as he believed it was based upon him.
Davids claimed Striker Lucian's "skin colour, hair, muscular posture, aggressive playstyle and well-known sports goggles/glasses" (as translated by Google) were all based upon him. Davids ended up taking Riot to court and the Dutch judge agreed with Davids' claims, adding that footballer had a right to protect his likeness.
Unfortunately for Riot, the prosecution was able to present a tweet from an ex-QA who'd tweeted in 2014: "for all you're wondering, Striker Lucian was inspired by soccer pro Edgar Davids" (the tweet's now since been deleted, and the account's been entirely locked down).
Despite its defense that it was unlikely fans would mistake the fictional character for the real-life Davids, Riot was unsuccessful. Auditors will now assess how much compensation Davids is owed once Riot discloses to the court how much it earned from the Striker Lucian skin.
Riot Games estimates League of Legends has more than 100 million monthly users.
Vikki Blake is a very jumpy survival horror survivalist. You can find her twittering over at @_vixx and twitching at twitch.tv/vixxiie.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE WATCH THE LATEST DELAWARE NEWS Governor talks plan for prison reform | 2:36 Delaware Governor John Carney talks about his plan for prison reform in Delaware at a press conference at Legislative Hall. Jason Minto/The News Journal/USA TODAY 1 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE WATCH THE LATEST DELAWARE NEWS Wilmington police investigate shooting on 6th Street | 0:24 Wilmington police investigate a shooting on Sixth Street that injured a 6-year-old boy on Tuesday, June 6, 2017. Adam Duvernay and Daniel Sato/The News Journal 2 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE WATCH THE LATEST DELAWARE NEWS Wilmington shooting: "This stuff is nonsense" | 2:40 Margaret Guy, Outreach Minster for Stop the Violence Prayer Chain, reacts to the city's most recent shooting, which happened near her outreach ministry. Adam Duvernay/The News Journal 3 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE WATCH THE LATEST DELAWARE NEWS ILC Dover develops big plug with an even bigger job | 2:23 View of the new Resilient Tunnel Plug built by ILC Dover. The Resilient Tunnel Plug is capable of blocking tunnels during terrorist attacks and natural disasters. Jason Minto/The News Journal/USA TODAY 4 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE WATCH THE LATEST DELAWARE NEWS Trinity Carr sentenced to six months in death of Joyner-Francis | 0:44 A 17-year-old girl will not serve prison time for last year's fatal attack of Howard High School of Technology sophomore Amy Inita Joyner-Francis. 6/5/17 Damian Giletto/The News Journal 5 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE WATCH THE LATEST DELAWARE NEWS Caravel wins baseball title | 0:40 Buccaneers rout Conrad 14-1 for fifth DIAA championship Brad Myers 6 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE WATCH THE LATEST DELAWARE NEWS New laws increase access to addiction treatment | 0:49 Tuesday, Governor. John Carney signed three bills focused on stemming the opioid and heroin epidemic plaguing the state. Daniel Sato/The News Journal/WOCHIT 7 of 7 Last VideoNext Video Governor talks plan for prison reform
Wilmington police investigate shooting on 6th Street
Wilmington shooting: "This stuff is nonsense"
ILC Dover develops big plug with an even bigger job
Trinity Carr sentenced to six months in death of Joyner-Francis
Caravel wins baseball title
New laws increase access to addiction treatment
Buy Photo Delaware attorney general Matt Denn announces the formation of the Coalition for Delaware's Kids, a statewide group requesting $55 million in funding to benefit low-income children. (Photo: Daniel Sato, The News Journal)Buy Photo
A Dover psychiatrist, accused by the Department of Justice of bartering treatment for guns and failing to properly monitor patients' pain medications, had his license suspended Monday.
Gregory Villabona, whose license has been on probation in Delaware off and on for 15 years, had his medical license and controlled substances privileges suspended for 60 days by Secretary of State Jeff Bullock.
During that time, the state Board of Medical Licensure and Discipline will conduct a disciplinary hearing to determine the future of Villabona's practice on Woodcrest Drive.
"The facts presented to me in this case demonstrate an immediate danger to public safety," Bullock said in a release Wednesday.
Buy Photo Office of Gregory Villabona, MD., in Dover. (Photo: Jason Minto, The News Journal)
In making that determination, Bullock considered the findings of two DOJ investigations dating to 2016, which alleged that Villabona prescribed opioids to patients, including known drug addicts, with little or no required documentation, failed to maintain effective controls against diversion of controlled substances, and exchanged guns and weapons with patients.
An attorney for Villabona was not immediately available for comment.
In a letter sent to the state Friday, Dover lawyer Andre Beauregard said his client admitted only to collecting medications back from patients, and he is working with the FDA on the proper disposal of the drugs.
Beauregard added that "nothing in the complaint alleges any action that rises to the level of presenting a clear and present danger to the public health, safety or welfare," according to state records. The attorney also accused the Attorney General's Office of being "disingenuous" in moving for the suspension at this time.
Bullock's action came less than a week after The News Journal published an investigation detailing how Villabona, 69, was able to continue seeing Delaware patients, despite admitted sexual offenses with two minors, consensual sex with a former adult patient and multiple other probation violations, according to state records.
The day after the newspaper published the story online, the Attorney General's Office filed an amended complaint with Bullock's office, seeking an emergency suspension of Villabona's license. Previously, he was the only licensed mental health professional in Delaware barred from treating minors, according to a Department of State spokesman.
Citing Villabona's disciplinary record, the state of Maryland's medical board refused to license him in 2009 based on "immoral" and "unprofessional" conduct, according to Maryland records.
Twice before, the Delaware AG's office recommended that the Delaware medical board temporarily suspend Villabona's license; the board instead gave him probation both times, state records show.
Contact Margie Fishman at 302-324-2882,onTwitter @MargieTrende or mfishman@delawareonline.com.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2018/03/19/after-sex-drug-gun-complaints-state-department-suspends-doctors-license/439328002/
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The mother of a boy who was sexually abused with a toilet brush at Bristol Children's Hospital has welcomed the conviction of his “vile, evil and sick-minded” attackers.
Michaela Murch and an accomplice, who cannot be named for legal reasons, were found guilty of assaulting the boy in a third-floor toilet at the hospital in April earlier this year.
The pair had previously denied the office but were convicted at Bristol Crown Court on Monday, December 11, following a four-day trial.
The mother of the victim, who was just 15-years-old at the time of the attack, said Murch and her co-defendant were “vile, evil and sick-minded”.
“I'm the happiest I have been in a long time,” she told the Bristol Post .
"I just hope when they sentence them, at least one of them goes to prison. They should be done for life, but I know they won't be.
“I cannot understand how any person would do something like this. How could they do such a thing to my boy?
“I'm fuming and I never want to set eyes on either of them again. They are vile and evil.”
Murch, 18 and of Silbury Road in Ashton, and her co-defendant denied sexually assaulting the boy but were both convicted after a trial – Murch by a majority of 10-2.
Earlier they pleaded guilty to two actual bodily harms and two common assaults while Murch alone pleaded guilty to abduction.
The Recorder of Bristol His Honour Judge Peter Blair QC adjourned sentencing, pending reports, to Monday, January 8.
Murch was remanded in custody.
The boy was sexually assaulted at the hospital after previously being “stripped, beaten, strangled, kicked and burned” during a 36-hour ordeal on Monday, April 10 and Tuesday, April 11.
After the boy accompanied the two defendants to visit a relative at St Michael's Hospital near the city centre, he was forced to remove his clothes and run in the street naked.
CCTV footage shown to the jury captured the boy running naked towards Broadmead, flanked by the two defendants.
After being engaged by a concerned member of the public, who reported the incident to the police, the trio walked to Castle Park where Murch and the accomplice burnt the boy's leg using a lighter and put cigarettes out on his feet.
In a police interview the boy said he was then led to the Galleries where a plastic bag was placed over his head in an attempt to suffocate him. He said the pair only stopped when he started crying.
His mother added: “They hurt my son badly and he has had to re-live this for the past eight months.
“I have seen him cry, break down and wake up during the night crying out – it has not been nice for either of us [to go through this].
“They never even denied it happened – they just tried to pass the buck and blame each other. They should have just admitted it.
“If either of them are allowed to walk the streets again, no one is safe. They are vile, evil and sick-minded children and I feel sorry for anyone that comes into contact with them.”
