Yorkville man charged in North Aurora robbery; nearby clerk saw video
hello
Jordan Burgos of Yorkville has been charged with robbing a North Aurora liquor store on June 6.
A Yorkville man has been charged with the June 6 robbery the Sunny Liquors store in North Aurora.
And police are crediting news media, social media and "numerous" tips from the public for identifying the suspect.
Jordan A. Burgos, 26, of the 0-100 block of Highview Drive, was arrested Tuesday after a clerk at a convenience store on the 900 block of South Lake Street (Route 31) in Aurora saw a customer who looked like the suspect in surveillance photos and video police had publicized. The clerk called 911, but by the time police arrived, he had left.
Police say they saw Burgos driving near Lake and Ashland Avenue, and chased him. Burgos crossed double-yellow lines, sped, and drove through three red lights, before stopping at Lincolnway (Route 31) and Airport Road.
He is charged with armed robbery and aggravated fleeing and eluding.
Burgos was paroled in October 2016 from the Danville Correctional Center. He had been serving sentences for criminal trespassing, burglary, forgery and residential burglary.
He is being held on $100,000 bail.
"The North Aurora Police Department would like to acknowledge the media coverage, social media shares, and numerous tips from the public which helped identify Burgos and ultimately resulted in his arrest one week after the armed robbery, North Aurora Deputy Chief Scott Buziecki said in a news release. "The tips were vital to the case and are great examples of the public and police working together to make our communities safer."
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Navy and police personnel make their way to the site of the underwater chests in Dawasamu, Tailevu North last week. Picture: ATU RASEA
OPPOSITION spokesperson for environment Niko Nawaikula has expressed concern at the manner in which seven chests found in waters off Dawasamu in Tailevu have been disposed of, saying that its effects on the marine ecosystem needed to be studied carefully first.
Mr Nawaikula said as Fiji had just co-hosted the UN Ocean Conference with Sweden, there needed to be more care shown in the disposal of the chests.
"There needs to be more information in relation to the find and the public needs to know what exactly is the current status of the explosive ordinance disposal and what the contents of the chests actually are," he said.
The area off the Dawasamu coast where the chests were found is close to Moon Reef — a tourist attraction in the area.
The reef is home to a resident pod of spinner dolphins that are popular with tourists to the area.
Mr Nawaikula said this had to be considered as well when deciding on how to dispose of the chests.
"This is a tourist attraction in the area and they needed to consider if these chests could have been taken away and destroyed," he said.
Teams of Fiji Navy and police divers blasted the chests off the coast of Dawasamu and said that all underwater activity within a 10-mile radius of the disposal site was prohibited.
There were seven chests found in the area, assumed to contain explosives from World War II.
"Now we have assumed that it is still active, that is why we are trying to keep people away from that area," Chief of Navy Captain (N) Humphrey Tawake said last Wednesday.
"We have calculated the blast and the amount of explosives that we are going to put on those chests and that is to show us whether the mines are active or not.
"There will be minimal damage to the environment."
The "explosive ordinance disposal" or bomb disposal was to take place at the coordinates 178 degrees 30.3 minutes East 17 degrees 33.3 minutes South."
Attempts to get comments from Capt Tawake last week as well as this week on the issue were unsuccessful.
(CNN) — Dietitians have been consulted in the White House kitchens. Steak has been swapped out for Dover sole, his favored fish. And hamburger buns have been discarded — or at least the tops have.
President Donald Trump, who embarked upon a mission to shed 10 to 15 pounds in January, has acknowledged in private that he needs to lose weight. Prodded along by his White House physician and the knowledge he is approaching obesity, Trump agreed earlier this year to alter his diet and begin a new exercise plan. Five months into his regimen, people close to him say they've detected small changes, mostly in how he eats, that reflect a desire to follow doctor's orders.
But they haven't identified a discernible exercise routine beyond the weekend rounds of golf the President enjoys with the help of a cart. Trump himself has continued to downplay the importance of exercise, even questioning whether it presents more risk than reward.
On Wednesday, Trump will publicly tout the importance of physical fitness during an event on the White House South Lawn, accompanied by his daughter Ivanka and major sports figures such as legendary New York Yankees relief pitcher Mariano Rivera and Misty May-Treanor, a three-time Olympic gold medal winning beach volleyball player.
Their goal is to reverse the trend of declining participation in youth sports through initiatives and research that reinforces the importance of staying active. Whether Trump will hold himself up as a model remains to be seen.
When Ivanka Trump was questioned about Trump's fitness routine during a briefing call on Tuesday, a White House press aide told reporters she'd left for another meeting. And the White House did not respond to questions about the President's personal fitness plan.
In January, Dr. Ronny Jackson, the White House doctor, acknowledged to a room full of reporters that Trump didn't exercise regularly.
“Some people exercise, some people don't,” Jackson said. “Some people just haven't done that as part of their routine. And I would say that's the category he falls in right now.”
He described a joint effort with Ivanka Trump and first lady Melania Trump to improve the President's diet and introduce him to a workout plan, all with the goal of pulling him back from borderline obesity. At his physical exam in January, the 6-foot-3-inch Trump weighed 239 pounds, according to his doctor.
Among the steps Jackson detailed: enlisting a nutritionist to meet with White House chefs to advise on cutting calories; renovating the gym adjacent to the Lincoln Bedroom in the White House residence to Trump's specifications; and crafting an aerobic exercise schedule that “spares his joints and is healthy for him.”
“He's more enthusiastic about the diet part than the exercise part, but we're going to do both,” Jackson had said determinedly.
In March, Trump nominated Jackson to serve as secretary of Veterans Affairs. A month later, the nomination was withdrawn after allegations Jackson had mismanaged the White House Medical Unit. The administration said he would return to the medical unit but not as the President's physician.
How that affected the implementation of Trump's weight-loss routine isn't clear. Trump himself has told confidants that rounds of golf and smaller portions of food will help him shed the dozen or so pounds he'd hoped to lose by the start of next year but has downplayed the role exercise can play in improving his health.
Diet
Inside the White House kitchens, chefs have been instructed to find ways to limit fat and calories in the dishes they prepare for Trump's meals, including the lunches and dinners he convenes almost daily with members of his Cabinet, lawmakers, outside advisers or visiting foreign dignitaries.
One swap repeat diners at the White House have noticed: Dover sole has replaced well-done steak, which Trump famously slathers with ketchup as his favorite meal.
Earlier this year, a registered dietitian was dispatched from the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center to consult with White House kitchen staff on reducing calories and fat in Trump's meals, according to a person familiar with the matter. Vegetables have begun appearing on his plate, though it's not clear how much of them he is eating.
Outside the White House, Trump is largely left to his own devices for meals. Visiting the Trump International Hotel for dinner, Trump has typically asked for his favorite steak. But on one recent visit he chose the Dover sole instead (it sells for $64 dollars a plate and comes laden with soy brown butter and capers).
At Mar-a-Lago, Trump is often seen filling his own plate on the buffet line, which is full of calorie-rich options such as mashed potatoes and roast beef. At his golf clubs in Florida and outside Washington, Trump is known to eat a cheeseburger inside the clubhouse after a round.
One modification a recent lunch companion noticed: Trump's burger came with only half of the bun.
“I do that, too, sometimes,” Rudy Giuliani, the President's private lawyer, told The Washington Post. “It's a good way to do it.”
Nutrition experts say a realistic weight-loss plan would begin with cutting 500 calories from Trump's diet every day — which, if sustained, could help him shed one pound per week. Although an imperfect calculation, such a modification would present an attainable goal, said Lisa Drayer, a nutritionist and author.
“You really have to start slowly. It's not realistic to just revamp your diet overnight,” said Drayer, who suggested adding more fruit and cruciferous vegetables, such as broccoli or Brussels sprouts, would make the President feel full even as he consumed fewer calories. “It wouldn't take much for him to just make a few key changes, like that steak or the burger. That could be the deficit right there.”
“He really needs someone to sit down with him and give him a personalized approach so that it will stick with the long term,” Drayer said. “I think it's never too late to change, but your metabolism does slow down with age.”
Exercise
Since Jackson revealed his diet and exercise aspirations for Trump, the President has downplayed the prospects of incorporating a new workout plan.
“See, a lot of people go to the gym and they'll work out for two hours and all,” he told Reuters in late January. “Then they get their new knees when they're 55 years old and they get their new hips and they do all those things. I don't have those problems.”
Instead, Trump said he could burn calories playing golf — which he does nearly every weekend with the assistance of a cart.
“Like people get on a treadmill, I go play golf,” he said.
Trump's most recent predecessors were exercise fiends, a trait Trump has not continued. President Barack Obama played basketball until his knees began troubling him, switching later to cardio work on machines in the White House residence.
President George W. Bush asked for workout equipment, including an elliptical machine and dumbbells, to be installed in a poolside cabana steps from the Oval Office, and a fold-up treadmill to be placed aboard Air Force One — tasks carried out by Ted Vickey, who ran the White House Athletic Center for 11 years.
“(Trump) doesn't see exercise as much as a value as probably the last 5 presidents have,” Vickey said, noting that President Bill Clinton took jogs through the streets of Washington and that President Dwight Eisenhower — a golfer — established the President's Council on Sports, Fitness & Nutrition, which is the group organizing Wednesday's event on the South Lawn.
Described by the White House as a “field day,” the gathering will feature stations focused on different sports, including soccer, track, flag football — and the President's favored activity, golf.
“This is the President's Council of Sports, Fitness & Nutrition, so the President's definitely going to be there to make remarks and uplift this collaboration,” said Holli Richmond, director of the council, who laid out a multi-pronged approach of research and initiatives meant to culminate before the 2020 Olympics.
If he were advising Trump on a fitness regime today, Vickey proposed a golf-centric program that incorporated cardiovascular exercise on an elliptical machine, strength training, and stretching — including yoga, if Trump was game.
“You've got to find something they love doing. I would say ‘Mr. President, work with me for four months and I'll drop your handicap 4 strokes,” said Vickey, now a professor of kinesiology at Point Loma University in San Diego. “He's been like this for 70 years. We're not going to change him overnight.”
“Unfortunately,” Vickey said, “you have to trick him into exercise.”
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Hoodlums attack Oluwo's palace
Some armed miscreants yesterday attacked the Oluwo of Iwo in Osun State, Oba Adewale Akanbi.
The hoodlums attacked the palace during the installation of Taofeeq Adedimeji Tadese as the pioneer Sooko of Elee Royal House.
It was learnt that the hoodlums axed one of the police officers on guard, Sergeant Ikuesan Taiwo, on the head.
Weapons, such as axes, pistols, stones, clubs and charms were allegedly brandished by youths who invaded the Oluwo's palace.
The youths, who opposed the new Sooko, threw stones into the palace to stop the ceremony.
But Oba Akanbi instructed the security men to be calm, despite the attack.
One of the miscreants was reportedly arrested and is assisting police investigation.
Despite the security threat, Oba Akanbi installed Tadese as the pioneer Sooko of Elee Royal House in Adagunodo Ruling House.
Prior to the installation, miscreants were said to have positioned themselves with harms to stop the induction of the new Sooko, claiming the Elee compound was not for Oluwo while the majority of the actors were not native of the compound.
Chief Mojirin of Iwo was also allegedly kidnapped by the angry youths at the wee hour of Wednesday for his loyalty to Oluwo.
The police have declared those suspected to be behind the attack wanted for attempted murder, kidnapping and public unrest.
The post Hoodlums attack Oluwo's palace appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Iberdrola has secured a $400m loan from 10 regional banks to refinance the construction of three unnamed wind farms in Mexico.
The funding, which Iberdrola described as the first green loan in Latin America, has a five-year term that can be extended for two years.
BBVA bank was the administrative agent and BBVA Bancomer the global coordinator and green agent, Iberdrola said.
The loan was certified by independent agency Vigeo Eiris to ensure the resources are to be used correctly and in line with green loan principles.
Image: Iberdrola
Glenn Beck and TheBlaze are firing back against Tomi Lahren's wrongful termination lawsuit with a new countersuit filed Monday in Dallas, Texas.
In the countersuit, Beck and TheBlaze insist that despite Lahren's claims, she still has access to her Facebook account, which she stated in her lawsuit TheBlaze was controlling.
The countersuit also states that Lahren is still employed by TheBlaze, and that her now viral appearance on “The View,” which she claims led to her suspension, had nothing to do with her absence from the air.
TOMI LAHREN SUSPENDED FROM THEBLAZE
“In reality, TheBlaze had employment issues with Lahren for well over a year,” the countersuit claims. “That is the reason why TheBlaze decided that it would not extend Lahren's employment agreement beyond its expiration in September 2017 even before her appearance on ‘The View.'”
The countersuit refers to Lahren as “divisive” and states she “engaged in conduct that raised serious concerns.” Examples included in the suit are claims that Lahren was “inappropriate and unprofessional” with the crew and “constantly complaining about everything.” The suit also says that the star's word choices “had to be addressed repeatedly for bordering on profane.”
TOMI LAHREN: THEBLAZE ‘DEEPLY HURT ME'
The suit states that Lahren breached her employment agreement and requests the court issue temporary injunction that would require her public appearances be approved by TheBlaze, among other things.
Meanwhile, the Dallas Morning News reported that Lahren also saw a small court victory on Monday when a judge ruled that she should be able to post on her Facebook page.
Njan Marykutty, directed by Ranjith Sankar and featuring Jayasurya in the lead role has turned out to be one of the most appreciated movies of the recent times. The film, which had hit the theatres across Kerala on June 15, 2018 is continuing its successful run.
The Jayasurya starrer had hit the theatres in the rest of the parts of the country on June 22, 2018. Now, Njan Marykutty is all set to hit the theatres across the UAE/GCC regions. Reportedly, the film will be gracing the big screens in the UAE/GCC on July 05, 2018. The movie will be released in as many as 32 screens across the UAE and 9 screens in GCC Oman.
Njan Marykutty has received thumbs up from the critics & the audiences and the movie is expected to enjoy a good run in the UAE/GCC as well. Meanwhile, Abrahaminte Santhathikal, the other big release of the previous month has already hit the theatres in the UAE/GCC a couple of weeks ago and has been enjoying a fantabulous run out there.
Apart from Jayasurya, Njan Marykutty also features Aju Varghese, Jewel Mary, Joju George, Suraj Venjaramoodu, Innocent etc., in important roles. Jayasurya has been receiving a lot of praises for his spectacular performance in the movie. The film has its script penned by the director himself.
Memory maker SK Hynix has boasted of a massive jump in profit for its latest quarterly financial report, though has news that will come as an unsurprising disappointment to all: Component supply will continue to fall short of demand into the foreseeable future, sustaining high prices.
In its latest financial report for the first quarter of the year, memory maker SK Hynix - the world's second-largest supplier of memory both volatile and non-volatile, behind industry giant Samsung - boasted of a 64 percent increase in net profit from the quarter a year prior, despite shipments of both volatile DRAM and non-volatile NAND flash memory chips decreasing five percent and 10 percent quarter-on-quarter owing to seasonal variance. In terms of sales volume, that equates to a 39 percent jump year-on-year - a figure which SK Hynix executives warn is not coming close to meeting demand for parts.
'Despite the industry's efforts to introduce new production methods and increase shipments,' SK Hynix told analysts and investors in a statement following the earnings filing, 'supply will remain insufficient.' Demand exceeding supply is a good thing for SK Hynix and its various rivals in the memory market, but not so good for consumers: Prices are expected to remain inflated over historical values for the foreseeable future, across both DRAM and NAND flash markets - meaning your next build isn't going to get cheaper any time soon.
SK Hynix has confirmed that its expansion into a new facility in South Korea's Cheongju is on-track for a timely completion, which will allow it to increase its output - though not whether a single additional fabrication facility will have enough of an impact on supply to see retail prices fall.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Trump, Putin, Xi and the rise of nostalgic nationalism
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - ViaDerma, Inc. ( OTC PINK : VDRM), a specialty pharmaceutical company devoted to bringing new products to market, recently announced today the "New Intellectual Property" & "New Products Initiative" will focus on creating new products and filing new patents to treat pain and certain diseases associated with inflammation. The company expects treatment success of ViaDerma's "Proprietary Delivery System" for several diseases by finding the "Optimal Transdermal Delivery" of CBD's & THC to the localized treatment area and into the blood stream. With regards to the patent pending use of its innovative transdermal system for the delivery of (CBD's) Calanoids and (THC) tetrahydrocannabinol for the treatment of several diseases. The transdermal system can deliver through topical skin absorption to localized areas and directly into the blood stream. The provisional patent application using the combination of CBD's with the delivery system was originally filed in 2014, and a new provisional patent will be filed this week. The patent pending transdermal system can deliver medications and nutrients into the body through the skin.
The use of CBD's is known for the reduction of inflammation and for the treatment of several diseases, such as, nicotine addiction, fibromyalgia, Cohn's disease, schizophrenia, migraine headaches, pain management for cancer and Multiple Sclerosis. "For example, a person with a migraine headache can place the CBD and THC combined with the delivery compound and apply to the neck with immediate absorption into the bloodstream through the carotid artery," said Dr. Christopher Otiko, CEO. "We are also in the clinical testing stages of an anti-aging topical solution, topical pain medication, a topical for male-pattern baldness, and a topical designed to boost male libido."
ViaDerma sees the use of CBD's along with our Proprietary transdermal delivery system for the treatment and continuing studies looks very promising and demonstrates efficacy in terms of treating several unrelated diseases. "We are enthusiastic about the results we have achieved to date in terms of the anecdotal feedback we have received from the medical community," said Dr. Christopher Otiko, ViaDerma's founder and CEO.
About ViaDerma, Inc.
ViaDerma, Inc. ( OTC PINK : VDRM) is a publicly traded specialty pharmaceutical company committed to bringing new products to market and licensing its innovative technology to current leaders in the pharmaceutical industry in a wide variety of therapeutic areas. ViaDerma's lead product, TetraStem™, uses an innovative transdermal delivery method that allows for application of active ingredients in a topical form. This patent-pending dual carrier transdermal technology may be applied in products within the medical and cosmetic markets. For more information, please visit: www.viadermalicensing.com
Forward Looking Statements
Forward-Looking Statements certain statements in this release that are not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements may be identified using words such as "anticipate," "believe," "expect," "future," "may," "will," "would," "should," "plan," "projected," "intend," and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company's future operating results are dependent upon many factors, including but not limited to the Company's ability to: (i) obtain sufficient capital or a strategic business arrangement to fund its expansion plans; (ii) build the management and human resources and infrastructure necessary to support the growth of its business; (iii) competitive factors and developments beyond the Company's control; and (iv) other risk factors. We assume no obligation to update the information contained in this news release.
This story is about Published 7h
Texas A&M's run to the Sweet 16 has historic meaning for coach Billy Kennedy Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images CHARLOTTE, NC - MARCH 18: Head coach Billy Kennedy of the Texas A&M Aggies makes a call against the North Carolina Tar Heels during the second round of the 2018 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament at Spectrum Center on March 18, 2018 in Charlotte, North Carolina. (Photo by Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images)
By Ben Baby , Staff Writer Contact Ben Baby on Twitter: @Ben_Baby
CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- Sunday's win against North Carolina wasn't just a statement win for the players on this year's roster that have been questioned throughout the year. The victory that sent the 7-seed Texas A&M into the second week of the NCAA tournament was historic and important for coach Billy Kennedy, who's had his share of detractors inside the Aggies' fan base during a tumultuous season. With Sunday's victory, Kennedy became the first coach to lead the program to multiple Sweet 16 appearances since 1980. A win over 3-seed Michigan (30-7) on Thursday in Los Angeles will push A&M (22-12) into the Elite Eight for the first time, another mark that will strengthen the defense Kennedy has built for himself in recent weeks.
'We know what we've been capable of': Texas A&M's upset win puts rest of NCAA tournament on notice
Last week's wins in Charlotte that aren't doing all the talking for the seventh-year A&M coach. After the seventh-seeded Aggies handed 2-seed North Carolina a historic 21-point upset loss, Tar Heels coach Roy Williams offered A&M and Kennedy high praise. "We got beat by a team that played better than we did," Williams said. "(We) got beat by a team that the coach, head coach, coached better than I did." A&M looked dominant against the defending national champions and showed why the team was ranked as high as fifth in the Associated Press poll early in the year. When the Aggies faltered mid-way through the season as injuries and suspensions took their toll, the grumbling increased among a vocal portion of a fan base that saw a drop in NCAA tournament appearances in recent years. From 2006 to 2011, A&M never missed the marquee event under coaches Billy Gillispie and Mark Turgeon. Both men reached the Sweet 16 once and capitalized on their success in College Station by leaving for schools better known for its men's basketball programs -- Kentucky and Maryland, respectively. In Kennedy's first six seasons, including five in the SEC, the Aggies only made one tournament appearance. Up until 2016, A&M had only reached the round twice during the current era -- 1980 and 2007. After Sunday's win that clinched A&M's second trip in three years, Kennedy was asked if it was a turning point in the program. He didn't see it that way.
Texas A&M notebook: Tyler Davis dominates in North Carolina victory; Next opponent unfamiliar to Aggies
He pointed out the point guard struggles that kept the Aggies out of the postseason in 2017. But in 2016, the Aggies were SEC regular-season champions and went to the Sweet 16. The year before, Kennedy said A&M would have reached the NCAA tourney if Danuel House didn't break his foot. "Our program's been in good shape before the year," Kennedy said. Kennedy called Texas A&M athletic director Scott Woodward "supportive." Woodward, in an interview with TexAgs following a one-and-done outing in the SEC tournament, dismissed the notion of firing Kennedy and called the speculation "silly." Amid Sunday's celebrations inside A&M's locker room inside the Spectrum Center, Kennedy pointed out a couple of key numbers that point to the team's resiliency throughout the year. Once the Aggies regained their health and stayed out of trouble, A&M closed the season by winning nine of its final 13 conference games, which was impressive considering the conference's strength. A&M's ability to respond to adversity wasn't lost on Kentucky coach John Calipari, whose Wildcats lost to A&M in February. "He's got good players, but when things go south and you've got to corral everybody together and get them back on the same page, that's what coaching is," Calipari told reporters after the game. "So my hat's off to Billy." Time and time again, the team and coach fans discounted throughout the season had an answer, much like the Aggies responded anytime North Carolina flirted with making a run in Sunday's game. As a result, A&M is on the verge of making a historic tournament run. This isn't the same team that many fans questioned in the middle of the year, especially after a three-game losing streak put A&M's postseason hopes in jeopardy. "There were a lot of hanging heads, a lot of people down," A&M sophomore forward Robert Williams said. "But the coaches were telling us that we had our backs against the wall and we had haters. And we love proving haters wrong, as you can see."
/ Front page / News
Update: 6:22PM EMPLOYMENT Minister Jone Usamate says the ministry aims to retain skilled workers.
Mr Usamate said that while the demand for seasonal work is expanding, the ministry is monitoring and keeping control of the demand for seasonal workers.
�We do not want to reach a situation where we have issues of shortage of workers here,�he said.
Mr Usamate said more opportunities are expected in the future as the program would diversify into other areas of work.
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "756","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832943","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "756","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832943","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "756","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832943","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "756","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832943","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Wtb:nikon p-223 3-9x40 Looking for this scope for my nephew's starter rifle.
We bought him a Remmy 700 ADL Varmint for Christmas and need to scope it.
This scope looks good for the money with external adjustments and 80 moas of travel.
Figured I would check with members here before buying a new one.
Thanks in advance.
Chad
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT)- Pitt County Communications says four fire stations are on scene after an early morning apartment fire.
They say the call came in around 12:10 a.m.
It happened in the 600 block of Glendale Ct.
At this time, no one has been taken to the hospital.
Stick with WNCT as we learn more details.
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
Paramedics, background center, attend a wounded man after a shooting broke out in Macerata, Italy, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018. Italian police arrested a lone gunman in a series of drive-by shootings targeting foreigners Saturday morning that paralyzed a small central Italian city still reeling from the gruesome murder of a young Italian woman allegedly at the hands of a Nigerian immigrant. ANSA via AP Guido Picchio
A little boy with a very rare heart condition just got some brand-new armor to help protect him. (FOX5)
A little boy with a very rare heart condition just got some brand-new armor to help protect him.
Ezekiel Canseco, who was featured by the FOX5 Surprise Squad, is two years old. He was born with two-thirds of his heart and part of his liver and intestines outside of his body. He has survived five surgeries and his heart visibly beats through his chest.
"I was six-weeks pregnant when we found out about Ezekiel's condition," his mother Desteny Amaya said. "I went through a depression stage ... God is never going to give you something you can't handle, so I took that in and I said, 'You know what? No. He's going to be fine.'"
Ezekiel's survival story has now made its way across the world. He's known as "Iron Man," because his fragile heart is what makes him so strong. The idea came from Ezekiel's older brother, Vincent, who was always into action figures.
The Children's Heart Foundation thought the superhero's armor would look great on Ezekiel. They helped him don the armor and brought him to the Marvel Avengers S.T.A.T.I.O.N. on the Las Vegas Strip for a photo shoot. The family was also excited to see the new Avengers movie this weekend, which will be the first time Ezekiel ever goes to a movie theater.
"Ezekiel has been through so much for such a little tiny guy, and you would never know it from just looking at him. He's like the happiest sweetest kid ever!" Kelley McClellan, the executive director of the foundation said.
"I just want him, when Ezekiel grows up, I want him to see and know that he did make a difference," Amaya said.
Click the video above to see Ezekiel and his family's journey over the past two years.
To help kids like Ezekiel and learn how to donate or volunteer with the Children's Heart Foundation visit their website at http://chfn.org.
It was such an honor to have "Iron Man" Ezekiel at the station today! He was born with two thirds of his heart outside of his chest. Now, just like Tony Stark, his fragile heart is what makes him a hero.
We'll have his story coming up in a few minutes on FOX5 at 11:00. pic.twitter.com/lWef1CRZTk — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) April 28, 2018
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Defending champion Joey "Jaws" Chestnut broke his own world record on Wednesday by eating 74 hot dogs in 10 minutes to claim his 11th Nathan's hot dog eating contest title.
The judges originally counted 64 hot dogs, but it was later revealed that an entire plate wasn't counted. Chestnut would have won regardless.
Chestnut, who ate a then-record 72 dogs last summer, fended off 20 other eaters at New York's Coney Island boardwalk for the annual Independence Day competition. Carmen Cincotti came in second but wasn't close to stealing the mustard belt from Chestnut, who is ranked No. 1 in the world by the Major League Eating.
Miki Sudo won her fifth women's title in a row, downing 37 hot dogs. She beat out 19 other women, including record-holder Sonya Thomas.
The event, televised on ESPN, attracts thousands of in-person spectators and has rivaled sporting events for its competitive flair.
Chestnut was a favorite in sports betting circles to win another mustard belt, as bookmakers told ESPN more than $1 million was bet on the annual eating contest across the offshore sportsbook industry.
Last year, animal rights activists tried to unfold a banner amid the crowd at the event. Five protesters were taken into custody for questioning and released.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
ROSEMONT, Ill. — After recording its first win against a ranked opponent in three years on Thursday night, St. John's made it three wins in a row Sunday as four players scored in double-figures to push the Red Storm past DePaul 79-73.
Marcus Lovett Jr. scored 22 points as the Johnnies started 2-0 in Big East play for the first time since 2010-11.
The Red Storm (8-7, 2-0) followed up their win over No. 13 Butler by beating the Blue Demons (7-8, 0-2), who lost by three points to top-ranked Villanova in their Big East opener.
“All these experiences are very valuable. Even the tough losses, we have to learn from them,” St. John's coach Chris Mullin said. “We had two good wins, but we didn't get overexcited. … Tonight in the first half we played OK. Our defense was a little lackadaisical. The second half we came out and held them to 33 points. We had 18 assists, so the ball was moving. I told them to win on the road you have to play 40 minutes. They hung in there, played well together and more importantly, trusted each other.”
Shamorie Ponds added 15 points and Bashir Ahmed four 3-pointers and 14 points. Darien Williams had 12 points and nine rebounds. The Red Storm, Villanova and Xavier are the only teams off to a 2-0 start in the Big East.
“Both Marcus [LoVett] and Shamorie [Ponds] are really talented. They are a little bit different [players],” Mullin said. “Marcus has really great speed and can get to the paint. Shamorie is a little smoother with angles; but they're both very unselfish. Tonight Malik [Ellison] played a great floor game as well. We really emphasize playing unselfishly on both sides of the ball.”
Eli Cain scored 18 points, including all of DePaul's in a 7-2 run to get the Blue Demons within 68-66 with 3:19 left but St. John's responded with its own 7-2 spurt capped by two Lovett free throws for a seven-point lead with 43 seconds remaining.
St. John's took the lead for good at 66-59 with 5 ½ minutes left on a 7-0 run via Tariq Owens' 3-point play and four Williams free throws.
St. John's returns to action Wednesday, looking for its third-consecutive Big East win against No. 10 Creighton at Carnesecca Arena.
Seton Hall 69, Marquette 66
In South Orange, N.J., Khadeen Carrington scored five of his 12 points on one extended possession in the final 30 seconds and Seton Hall pulled out a wild win over Marquette.
Katin Reinhardt, who had five 3s and 15 points in the first half, scored on a backdoor layup for his only points of the second half, putting Marquette up 66-63 with 38 seconds left. After a timeout, Carrington made a driving layup and was fouled with 26.9 seconds remaining.
Angel Delgado led Seton Hall (11-3, 1-1 Big East) with 18 points and 12 rebounds. Markus Howard added 14 points for Marquette (10-4, 1-1).
Raise the maypole and celebrate summer at Scandinavian festivals
hello
The 107th annual Swedish Day festival at Good Templar Park in Geneva will include cottage tours. Courtesy of Jody Moreen
In June, midsummer festivals occur all across northern Europe. They have special significance in the Scandinavian countries, where days are long.
In northern Sweden, the sun never sets. In southern Sweden, there is only an hour or two of darkness.
It's a time of families and friends coming together to celebrate the beginning of summer, traveling to the countryside and enjoying the beauty of nature.
Young people make floral wreaths to hang on the maypole. And single women are encouraged to pick seven different flowers to put under their pillow at night. According to legend, they will dream of their future husband.
There's dancing, games, food and bonfires to burn away any evil spirits.
In the Fox Valley, you can celebrate midsummer this weekend. South Elgin's Vasa Park will come alive with the Scandinavian Midsommar Celebration from 3:30 to 10 p.m. Saturday, June 17.
The festivities begin with the traditional pole raising and dancing around the maypole. At 6 p.m. everyone can enjoy the bounty of Scandinavian cooks when families share their finest dish to pass. The evening ends with the ceremonial toast and a traditional bonfire.
Cost is $5 with children younger than 12 admitted free. More information is available at www.vasaparkil.com.
On Sunday June 18, the public is invited to Good Templar Park in Geneva for Swedish Day 2017. This is the 107th year for the popular one-day festival that celebrates Swedish heritage.
"In the beginning, many Scandinavians who lived in the Chicago area came to Good Templar Park to enjoy the beautiful surroundings," said Craig Hanson, Swedish Day president. "The men would spend weekends here; their families would stay for the entire summer."
It was convenient for Chicagoans since there was a stop on the third rail at Good Templar Park."
Once again, the park draws people from throughout the Chicago area, especially on Swedish Day. You don't even have to miss church to attend, since there is a church service at 10 a.m. It's a fun-filled day from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. with Swedish music from the Swedish American Children's Choir and Swedish dancing. Although not Swedish, Invisible Cartoons, a Chicago smile-rock band, performs at 2:15 p.m.
A Swedish restaurant will serve up Swedish delicacies, including Swedish pancakes, herring, Cardamom coffee braid and almond tarts.
Activities will include games for children, including a lutefisk toss.
"We eat the herring and toss the lutefisk," joked Hanson.
There will be a Viking re-enactment taking place along with tours of the Viking, an exact replica of the viking ship, the Gokstad. In 1893, under Captain Magnus Andersen, she sailed across the Atlantic from Bergen, Norway, to the World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago.
Those attending will also have the opportunity to tour some of the cottages in Good Templar Park. Although her cottage is not on the tour, cottage owner Karen Kloubec, feels that the tour is a wonderful opportunity to view cottage life and see the beautiful landscape.
Swedish Day is also an opportunity to keep many different Scandinavian customs alive, including the traditional dance around the Maypole.
"It was so much fun to see people dance around the Maypole last year," said Kloubec. "There were about 150 out there dancing together."
You don't have to be Swedish, or Scandinavian to enjoy these special festivals. It's a great opportunity to celebrate at the beginning of summer and learn about the Scandinavian culture.
Meet the hotshot daughter of Knicks coach Jeff Hornacek When Jeff Hornacek's name was floated in May as the potential new coach of the Knicks, most stories focused on what the former Utah Jazz shooting guard would bring to...
Daughter and a journalist: Abby Hornacek talks dad, Knicks A certain sports journalist in Chicago believes she has strong insight into attributes that make Jeff Hornacek a good NBA coach. “He's the most dedicated person I've ever met, most...
Migrants are sending home billions of dollars more than they did a decade ago - and the rate of growth in remittances is almost double the increase in migration, according to a U.N. report released Wednesday. The report commissioned by the International Fund for Agricultural Development says that remittances increased by 51 percent during the decade from 2007 to 2016 while migration rose by 28 percent and population in the home countries of migrants grew by 13 percent. The Rome-based U.N. agency which fights poverty in rural areas said the...
read more...
Published By: VOA Africa - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
Photo via Flickr
Everything was quiet in New York City the day after the 2016 election. The city was stunned into silence. Matthew Breen remembers people crying randomly on the street, comforted by friends and strangers. “We were totally blindsided,” Breen says. “People were trying to look kindly on one another. It was such a raw and fragile moment.”
Breen, now the editorial director of LOGO, was in his final weeks at The Advocate, where he worked for nearly six years as the editor-in-chief. Having publicly endorsed Hillary Clinton, Breen says his last issue as the publication's EIC wasn't the one he expected. The December cover of The Advocate depicted an American flag in which two of the stripes have fallen off. Meanwhile, a man and a woman stare out helplessly into the distance, struggling to figure out what's next.
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
The blunt title sums up the sudden and unexpected fear that gripped the LGBTQ community in those early days: “Time to panic,” it read.
The election of Donald Trump to the White House has radically transformed the relationship between the press and the Oval Office, a shift felt acutely among LGBTQ media as the industry has taken on a more adversarial role. Prior to the Trump presidency, many in the community wondered whether there would be a need for LGBTQ-specific news outlets in the future—that queer and transgender people would be so fully integrated into society that outlets like Out, NewNowNext, Washington Blade, The New Civil Rights Movement, and LGBTQ Nation would no longer be necessary.
But as publishers and editors tell CJR, that has never been the case. The past five months have illustrated the vital importance of LGBTQ media in US society, as these publications provided support, information, and comfort to a community forced to adapt to a drastically different political landscape. There's an even greater responsibility to tell the stories of the marginalized, ones that might otherwise get left behind, in a news cycle dominated by Trump. And readers have responded by visiting LGBTQ media outlets more often and sticking around longer, editors tell CJR.
The past three months have been a call to arms for LGBTQ media, but five decades ago, The Advocate—the nation's first monthly LGBTQ magazine—was founded in the wake of bar raids in Los Angeles. The first issue acted as a protest newsletter to help the community fight back. As much as the 2016 election was a wake-up call, it also represented a return to the movement's roots.
TRENDING: Breitbart-led right-wing media ecosystem altered broader media agenda
The fear of erasure in Trump's America
Merryn Johns knew the election “would go badly.” Born in Australia, the editor-in-chief of Curve magazine, a monthly magazine for lesbian and bisexual women in the US, came to the 2016 election as an outsider. While all of her friends went out on the evening of the election expecting to celebrate America's first female president, she stayed in and began working on an editorial explaining why Trump—widely expected to lose in a landslide—had won.
“Any time I heard Trump speak, I could hear him saying what a certain number of people wanted to have been said,” Johns explains. “I felt it was going to swing in his favor. He was tapping into a zeitgeist Clinton wasn't.”
Johns says that for LGBTQ-focused publications, having Trump in the White House has been a huge reversal from the previous administration.
LGBTQ advocates had been gaining attention and notching wins for the past eight years—from Obama enacting nondiscrimination rights for federal contractors in 2014, to the Supreme Court legalizing marriage equality a year later. Many felt that progress would continue under a Clinton presidency, but feel President Trump has already begun to reverse those gains. On March 27, the POTUS overturned an Obama executive order preventing federal workers from being fired on account of their sexual orientation or gender identity. Many of Trump' Cabinet picks, including Secretary of State Jeff Sessions, have noted anti-LGBTQ track records.
“What we had under the Obama presidency was that he acknowledged us,” Johns says. “He mentioned us in his addresses. We were on the website. We were getting legislation pushed through. We were invited to the White House. That is all being rolled back, and it's made us feel quite insecure. It's not only a fear of not being seen. It's a fear of being erased.”
A changing media landscape
If Johns claims that “the very concept of media” has changed under the current administration, it has also shifted the role LGBTQ media sees itself playing during a contentious political moment.
Lucas Grindley, editor-in-chief of The Advocate, says it has been important for LGBTQ publications to reflect what the community is feeling during an emotional time. During the week following the election, Grindley wrote an editorial taking his Republican family members to task for casting their ballot for a politician who campaigned on rolling back same-sex marriage. “I've been betrayed by my own family,” Grindley wrote. “Odds are, so have you.”
People felt like they'd been betrayed and it took awhile for people to be willing to say that.”
His op-ed, which was shared more than 20,000 times on Facebook, clearly touched a nerve.
“People felt like they'd been betrayed and it took awhile for people to be willing to say that,” Grindley tells CJR in an interview. “The goal of The Advocate is to make you forward on a story and say, ‘Finally, someone's said what I'm thinking. I don't feel alone.'”
Although hard data can be difficult to quantify, LGBTQ publications report that traffic has been up as readers seek out spaces that reflect what they're feeling about the Trump administration. The Advocate reports a nearly 50-percent increase in overall pageviews for the first quarter of 2017 over the first quarter of 2016, while subscriptions have held steady. (CJR requested subscriber information from other LGBTQ publications, but they declined to provide hard data.)
Given that demand, many LGBTQ publications have shifted greater resources to covering the daily happenings of the Trump administration and telling community members how to take action. In the days after the election, The Advocate started The Resistance, a Friday newsletter listing protests taking place in your area; that newsletter morphed into a video series. NewNowNext created Five Dollars/Five Minutes, a recurring feature that offers quick and easy action steps for readers who want to get involved. Go Magazine, which covers queer and lesbian nightlife, includes demonstrations and political activities in its monthly calendar.
One challenge is striking a balance between taking a hard look at the current reality and offering healthy escapism for readers, says Trish Bendix, editor-in-chief of GO Magazine.
“It's an everyday battle,” Bendix says. “There's definitely people out there who aren't just interested in going out and dancing, but you don't want to be too depressing and to pump out stories that make us feel things are hopeless. Our community has enough problems with suicide, depression, and self-harm as it is, so there has to be a way to keep it positive while being very clear about what our missions are and what we have to do now.”
Our community has enough problems with suicide, depression, and self-harm as it is, so there has to be a way to keep it positive while being very clear about what our missions are and what we have to do now.”
Bringing everyone's stories to the table
The Advocate has aimed to balance not only levity and advocacy but coverage of topics that aren't traditionally viewed as specific to the LGBTQ community. During the 2016 primaries, Grindley sent out a memo to staff to “treat Donald Trump as an LGBTQ issue,” meaning anything he does is news for Advocate readers. Since that time, the publication has covered the effort to “repeal and replace” the Affordable Care Act, the travel ban on seven Muslim-majority nations, and Trump's stated intent to increase the deportation of undocumented workers.
“Because the Trump administration is attacking different marginalized communities, it's brought all those communities together,” Grindley says. “We're all combating mutual opposition.”
LGBTQ media has been criticized in recent years for marginalizing issues that affect people of color. #GayMediaSoWhite, a hashtag that went viral in 2016, drew attention to the fact that the covers of Out, The Advocate, and Attitude, a British gay publication, regularly feature straight white celebrities to sell magazines. Critics claimed that bottom line is calculated at the expense of non-white people, women, and transgender people yearning for the same platform. A Fusion survey found that between June 2011 and May 2016, 85 percent of the faces on the covers of these three magazines were white.
Les Fabian Brathwaite, a senior editor at Out who is black, admits that LGBTQ publications have done a “terrible” job of racial inclusion in the past—and stressed that fixing these issues is crucial to addressing the intersectional problems posed by a Trump presidency.
“People are well-intentioned, but if you only have a bunch of gay white men talking about diversity, you have to have other people to in the room to address that as well,” Braithwaite says. “Our responsibility is to bring everyone to the table, tell everyone's story, and make sure, as much as possible, that everyone has a chance to tell their own. To speak truth to power, you have to make sure everyone's voices are represented in the conversation.”
We need LGBTQ media because no one else is going to speak for us.”
RELATED: What's the right way to ask whether someone is gay?
It's particularly important for LGBTQ publications to be more inclusive watchdogs because, as Breen argues, many stories impacting vulnerable subsections of the community may get lost in a media cycle dominated by Donald Trump. “Trump has swamped the news, and it has crowded out stories about all kinds of populations, marginalized or not,” he says.
Three months into the new year, eight transgender women have been murdered as hate crimes against the LGBTQ community increase across the country. Nearly a dozen LGBTQ centers have been vandalized in 2017, and an employee of Casa Ruby, which offers support and services to Washington, DC's trans community, was attacked by two men who targeted the building. These stories have received attention in mainstream press, but they have yet to receive the traction such important subjects deserve. It is not only the responsibility of LGBTQ publications to fill that gap, as Johns argues. It's why these outlets will continue to be irreplaceable.
“We need LGBTQ media because no one else is going to speak for us,” she says. “We are planting a flag in the sand to say: ‘We're here, we exist, and you can't get rid of us.'”
RELATED: Covering gay marriage when it's really, really personal
Correction: An earlier version of this story had incorrect online traffic data for The Advocate.
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Nico Lang is a freelance reporter and essayist based in New York. His work appears in Daily Dot, Salon, Rolling Stone, Vox, The Washington Post, BuzzFeed, and Mic.
What is your favorite colo?
Thank you for voting.
You have already voted on this poll !
Please select an option !
The Philadelphia 76ers went all out to show support for the Eagles at their Brotherly Love Night on Friday. The Eagles are going to face the Patriots on Sunday, and the Sixers franchise and fans want them to bring home the trophy.
An awesome hype video was played at the Sixers-Heat game that featured Eagles highlights and Meek Mill's music. It's the perfect song choice because Philly has already decided to play Mill's song Dreams and Nightmares for their Super Bowl 52 pregame intro, as they have been throughout their season, and the rapper is a Philadelphia native.
Pumped up fans also cheered and did the Eagles fight song, and they repeatedly chanted E-A-G-L-E-S.
The entire Sixers crowd does the #Eagles fight song. pic.twitter.com/XtVsbUitOG — Jessica Camerato (@JCameratoNBCS) February 3, 2018
There have been at least seven E-A-G-L-E-S … Eagle chants thus far. — Keith Pompey (@PompeyOnSixers) February 3, 2018
Philadelphia is all in on the Eagles.
We asked the guys for their Super Bowl predictions… wonder what they said 🤔#FlyEaglesFly x #BrotherlyLove pic.twitter.com/8erJj9w4JI — Philadelphia 76ers (@sixers) February 2, 2018
Super Bowl 52 is on Sunday and will air on NBC starting at 6:30 p.m. ET.
Video
Could the Windrush scandal, or the changes to immigration rules in what became known as the "hostile environment" policy, hit the Conservative Party's chances of getting elected in areas where there are large numbers of ethnic minority voters?
Lord Cooper, David Cameron's director of strategy when he was prime minister, played down the prominence of the "hostile environment" phrase in the last government.
But he told Radio 4's World at One that unless the party "significantly increases its support among non-white voters... the pace at which the country is becoming more ethnically diverse will overtake it".
A father and son accused of burglarizing multiple Subway restaurants in Hollywood have been arrested.
Surveillance video captured the scene at the Subway restaurant near Stirling Road and North 29th Avenue on April 12 at around 1:45 a.m.
Hollywood Police said 25-year-old Nathan Cole shattered the glass of the store and took off with a safe containing $300.
Cameras outside recorded his father, 57-year-old James Earl Cole, keeping watch.
Both men have been arrested.
According to police, the duo also took cash registers from two other Hollywood Subway restaurants on April 9.
They're both charged with burglary, grand theft and criminal mischief.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
North Carolina Attorney General Josh Stein broke down the state spending plan proposed for the coming year into three categories — "the good," "the bad" and "the ugly."
The Democrat and former Wake County state senator, like many in his party, was highly critical of the process that Republicans used to develop and consider the proposed $23.9 billion budget. In a departure from previous years, the 267-page budget developed behind closed doors will not be open to amendments.
That was not all that Stein described as ugly.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
N.C. Attorney General Josh Stein Chris Seward cseward@newsobserver.com
In February, Stein announced that a statewide inventory revealed 15,160 untested rape kits. That backlog prompted him to seek $2 million from lawmakers this year to begin the outsourcing of testing of 2,800 of those kits containing DNA samples and other evidence collected during medical procedures conducted after attacks.
"At the direction of the legislature, my office recently conducted a survey to determine the number of untested sexual assault kits sitting in local law enforcement offices," Stein said. ". . . I have asked the legislature for funding to test these kits and to develop a tracking system to ensure that we never get to this point again. The legislature did neither. This failure is irresponsible and unacceptable.”
The inventory was required as part of the 2017 state budget. The State Crime Lab contacted every law enforcement agency in the state to collect the data, and 92 percent responded.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Video: N.C. Attorney General Josh Stein, a Democrat, lashed out at the Republican-led General Assembly for cutting his department's budget. He claims the cuts forced him to lay off about 45 people. Chris Sewardcseward@newsobserver.com
Of those kits that had not been tested, 3,820 were not sent to the lab because investigations had shown the allegations of sexual assault to be unfounded. Another 2,741 were left untested because they were linked to cases that had been resolved in court.
But 7,545, nearly half, of those kits did not fall into either of those categories, a number that alarmed Joyful Heart Foundation, a nonprofit organization that tracks testing backlogs across the country. North Carolina has the highest reported number of untested rape kits in its current inventory, according to the group.
The collection of DNA samples and other physical evidence immediately after allegations of sexual assault can be emotionally difficult and grueling for victims.
But the evidence gathered from the victim's body can help prosecutors building a criminal case. It can help identify unknown suspects if the DNA is entered into national databases and it can help clear the wrongly accused.
The average cost to test kits, Stein has said, is $700, putting the estimated cost for testing all kits at $10 million.
Earlier this month, two House Republicans — Rep. Ted Davis of New Hanover County and Rep. Jamie Boles of Moore County — introduced a bill that called for the creation of a statewide tracking system for new and backlogged sexual assault kits.
Republican Sens. Shirley B. Randleman of Wilkesboro and Norman Sanderson of Arapahoe introduced a similar bill in the Senate several days later.
Randleman said on Tuesday that her bill will set up a process to review the kits to determine which should be tested as well as develop a tracking system to keep the kits organized.
Stein had requested $170,000 to set up the tracking system of which $66,000 would be a recurring expense for the salary of the person selected to run the technology.
Randleman said the Senate bill, if adopted, "will get the process started. The money can follow next year."
Stein, who saw $10 million cut from the state Department of Justice budget last year, requested other funds that lawmakers did not include in the spending plan released this week.
“Last year, the legislature gutted my Department's budget with a last-minute, damaging $10 million cut," Stein said. "That cut required me to eliminate 45 positions — including attorneys who keep criminals behind bars, protect our environment, and go after deadbeat parents who don't pay child support. Despite widespread support among law enforcement, the legislature failed to restore those cuts.”
But the attorney general found some things he liked in the proposed budget.
Scholarships for law enforcement
Earlier this year, Stein raised concerns about the number of law enforcement agencies across the state that have unfilled positions.
Since 2014, he said, the North Carolina Criminal Justice Training and Standards Commission has canceled more than 50 Basic Law Enforcement Training courses because of low enrollment.
"Fewer cadets entering law enforcement training means we have fewer new officers," Stein said. "At the same time, the challenges facing our communities resulting from the opioid epidemic, cybercrime, sexual assault, and other crimes are immense."
Stein praised lawmakers for authorizing the Criminal Justice Fellows Program.
As designed, in-state high school seniors can get community college loans that will be forgiven if the students pursue careers in law enforcement.
“While there is no funding currently allocated for this program, I look forward to working with the legislature to fund these fellowships next year," Stein said.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK VIDEO: N.C. Attorney General Josh Stein tells why the opioid crisis was his top priority in his first year on the job during an interview in his office in Raleigh on Feb. 14, 2018. Chris Sewardcseward@newsobserver.com
Transparency criticized
Legislative leaders announced last week that a small group of lawmakers would meet behind closed doors to hammer out the details of the state spending plan before offering it up for a vote as a conference report.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK NC House Democratic leader Darren Jackson led a group of Democratic lawmakers criticizing the Republican's non-amendable budget proposal during a press conference at the General Assembly in Raleigh on May 29, 2018. Chris Seward
That means lawmakers will be able to give yes or no votes for the whole proposal. But the parliamentary process — one that has not been used in at least 30 years, if ever — does not allow for amendments.
One Republican lawmaker described it as "efficient" but acknowledged it's also a way to avoid contentious issues with the midterm elections approaching.
“This legislature demonstrated a contempt for transparency when spending North Carolinians' money," Stein said. "The people of this state have a right to have their voices heard about how their tax dollars are spent. Unfortunately, this closed process prevented people from even knowing what is in the budget before it was finalized. This is simply no way to govern."
In the last few days you have either seen this video, heard about it, or maybe seen a repost from your favorite celebrity with the hashtag #StandWithKeaton
A post shared by Pat Gallen (@patgallentv) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:24am PST
Bullying has been happening for years, and has heightens to new levels. With the advancement of technology and use of social media this could easily play a factor in the idea that bullying doesn't stop at school or on the playground, but follows that student home with a picture, video, and more than a few words in a caption. In 2017, I can only image trying to explain to a child the phrase “sticks and stones won't break my bones” but a viral post on the internet is forever.
Indeed, this video did go viral. Keaton received support from Jon Bon Jovi, LeBron James, JR Smith, Cardi B, Rhianna, Chris Evans, and more. It's heartbreaking to know that millions of kids go through this type of treatment and don't speak on it.
But did this incident have anything to do with Keaton Jones's family being affiliated with some sort of white supremacy and the confederate flag? Today these pictures surfaced.
That viral video of #KeatonJones talking about being bullied is heartbreaking, and I feel sympathetic towards that child.
But his mom, Kimberly on the other hand, is a suspected racist who makes very problematic posts bullying Black protesters #TheIrony pic.twitter.com/NUhidunP8z — Tariq Nasheed (@tariqnasheed) December 11, 2017
You can't fault a child for not knowing the history behind the use of the confederate flag or the principles they are taught within their home.
Because he is a child my sympathy is still there, he was clearly raised to think a certain way. https://t.co/4XiTZzgFrj — Dez (@StoneColdTre) December 11, 2017
U would hope that when he grows up he won't share the same sentiments as his family. Being bullied sucks. Racism sucks. https://t.co/7l5FhPQvPo — Whitley Gilbert (@XPGizzl3) December 11, 2017
Bullying sucks. Racism sucks.
But was Keaton the real bully?
The person who revealed the photos of Keaton racists family last night also said that Keaton repeatedly call a kid in school nigger on several different occasions. And that the kids got on Keaton's ass to make him stop. So is it really bullying? Nahson. — Dami is Mine (@sneakykimchibih) December 11, 2017
interesting…
What's even more interesting is the fact that his mother, Kimberly Jones, created a go fund me act (ummm for what reason) and when her son was invited to LA by pro fighter Joe Schilling this is what he had to say…
Pro fighter Joe Schilling exposes Keatin's Mom pic.twitter.com/cyNfYsPFqO — East Coast Renaissance (@ECRenaissance) December 11, 2017
So there must be some truth to all of this…
This video went viral and shows the power that people possess with a simple like or repost when we all stand together. Is there a reason why we all know, and stand a common ground, on bullying being wrong? But aren't standing the same common ground when it comes to voicing how wrong racism is? Are we as a country selective with empathy and sympathy? If you're against bullying, be against all forms of bullying.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Last Wednesday, Shelburne's Vermont Teddy Bear Company announced an ambitious goal: to provide every 4-year-old in Vermont with a teddy bear, free of cost. The venture, dubbed the Vermont Cub Project, is a way for the company to be socially responsible and give back to Vermonters, according to Bear Brand Manager Abby Temeles.
But on Sunday night, the company issued a statement on their Facebook page that stated that due to overwhelming demand, the inventory was extremely low.
“As much as we thought we were prepared for this, we didn't think there would be a huge wave all of a sudden,” Temeles said. “We thought, ‘Oh, people will save it for a rainy day.' But the traffic was instantaneous.”
The company started running low on “shells,” (the outsides of the teddy bears, which customers can stuff themselves, and have sewn in the Bear Shop) less than a week after the project was announced. There were long lines of people waiting to receive the bears, some waiting as long as 15 minutes to get their bear made.
“Our retail staff spends about 10 minutes with each customer,” Temeles explained. “We only make them as quickly as we can, so we want people to know that they may not get the exact color or body shape they are looking for.”
Inspiration for the Vermont Cub Project came from watching children make teddy bears in the Bear Shop, and seeing the instant companionship that formed, according to Temeles.
“We wish more kids could have access to them,” she said.
The Vermont Cub Project encourages every Vermonter who is four years old to visit the Bear Shop to make a free furry friend (on bears up to $39.99). Vermont Teddy Bear hopes to gift over 650 bears in the first year.
After Sunday's Facebook post, concerned customers commented on the company's Facebook post, wondering if the low inventory would mean their children would lose the chance to get a free bear.
“The answer is no,” Temeles said. “We are making them as fast as we can. And we are definitely hoping that this project is something that will be ongoing for the foreseeable future.”
If there's a chance you answer “No” to this question, you're in a very small minority.
This data is a little old but figure it's unlikely to have changed much. According to a New York Times report, as many as 95 percent of all blogs created have been abandoned. Among millions of blogs, even 5 percent is a healthy number to stay active but what does an abandoned blog say about your business?
In this week's poll question, we want to know whether or not you've ever abandoned a blog associated with your small business.
You likely started out with all the energy and commitment you bring to other aspects of your business. Perhaps you even had the dedication to post daily for the first couple weeks or months it was active but something else got in the way and soon — virtual tumbleweed were blowing across the screen.
Have you considered what impression a customer or site visitor might get if they stumble upon this site (assuming it's still online)? What does an abandoned website tell potential customers or partners about your brand? Will an inactive blog inspire customers to do business with you, partners to reach out to you for joint projects or investors to consider giving you money?
Take a second to answer the question below and tell us a little more about your abandoned blogs in the Comments below.
Have You Ever Abandoned a Business Blog? Yes – lack of time
Yes – blog did not deliver results
Yes – writer's block
Yes – blog was hacked
Yes – but started a new blog
No – still going strong
No – but thinking about it
No – never had a blog
Other View Results / See All Polls
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Have You Been 'Pwned' in a Hack Attack? Troy Hunt Can Tell
Troy Hunt has collected a trove of 4.8 billion stolen identity records pulled from the darkest corners of the internet -- but he isn't a hacker.
Instead, he uses that repository to help ordinary people navigate the growing scourge of the corporate data breach. All that personal information was originally taken from brand-name services such as LinkedIn, Kickstarter, Dropbox, MySpace and the cheating website Ashley Madison, and later assembled by Hunt.
Working barefoot and in beachwear from his home office on Australia's Gold Coast, the amiable security researcher set up his irreverent website, "Have I Been Pwned?" (POHND), in 2013. Millions of people have since used the free service to see if hackers have liberated their personal details from unwary companies and posted them online.
Along the way, Hunt has become a close student of data breaches and the slipshod security that makes many companies easy prey for attackers. He's exposed several such thefts himself, in some cases identifying them before the companies themselves did.
The new, 30-story Moxy Hotel opening this summer at 26 Ann St. will boast what developer Mark Gordon believes is unique: a “play space” that will morph from the “ultimate co-working environment” by day into a “neighborhood-friendly, all-inclusive club” by night.
Gordon says the hotel project by Tribeca Associates, of which he's managing partner, is “designed to embody all the things” that make the FiDi area special — particularly its tech-savvy, younger demographic.
The Moxy, a “fun-oriented” Marriott brand, will have 298 guest rooms. Although the new building runs through the block to 143 Fulton St., the hotel entrance is only on Ann Street. The Fulton frontage will be all retail, Gordon said, with 8,200 square feet of 25-foot-high, column-free space behind floor-to-ceiling glass.
The formerly lodgings-deprived district south of Chambers Street now has 32 hotels at all price points to handle more than 25 million annual tourist visits, according to the Downtown Alliance. But Gordon said the Moxy will appeal to an under-served niche — a “design-centric, all-inclusive kind of hotel.”
Its location — a mere few-minutes' stroll from the World Trade Center, Brookfield Place and the Fulton Center transit hub — won't hurt, either.
Although downtown now has first-rate restaurants and bars, its hotels — with the notable exception of the booming Beekman around the corner from the Moxy — don't offer much in the way of a socially oriented scene for younger customers.
Central to the Moxy's mystique is the 5,000-square-foot third-floor “club” — not a velvet-rope venue, but rather a welcoming-to-all gathering space meant to appeal to local families and employees of nearby creative companies like Condé Nast, GroupM and Spotify.
Nighttime eating and drinking options will be supervised by a leading Manhattan food-and-beverage operator. There will also be a basketball court and vintage video games.
Neighbors will be lured to the scene by a “Times Square-quality” LED wall in the ground-floor lobby. “It will be a virtual window” into the third-floor scene, Gordon said.
Tribeca bought a 99-year ground lease on the site for $54.13 million in 2014, according to public records.
ORLANDO, Fla. — Despite a solid start to the season, the Nets are getting worn out by stretch big men who can move and shoot and open up the floor.
Tuesday they'll get a second look at one who torched them for 41 points just four days earlier, when they face the Magic's Nikola Vucevic.
“They're eating us up right now,” power forward Trevor Booker said. “We're living with it right now. But we'll watch film, and see how we can adjust.”
Frankly, film isn't likely to make starting center Timofey Mozgov any faster or more mobile. His strength is, well, his strength. And Tyler Zeller was inactive for the first game, and, although healthy, didn't play in the next two. What the Nets need is a big man mobile enough to get out to the perimeter and possibly even slow a guard on a switch if need be.
What the Nets need is more Jarrett Allen.
After not playing in the season-opening loss at Indiana, Allen has 13 points, six rebounds and five blocks in just 29 minutes over the past two games — both victories.
“Just go out there and be the energy guy. All I want to do is run around, block shots and get some dunks,” Allen said with a grin. “That's my role right now, and if I can stick to that, we have a good chance of winning.”
Allen's 14.5 minutes per game are a team-low, but his cameos played a big part in those wins. Coach Kenny Atkinson has acknowledged that the 19-year-old rookie may have to play more against stretch bigs.
“I think there are two things: [Allen's] got the rim protection and I really think — and this is rare for a 7-foot guy — he can switch onto smalls. He's done it a couple times already,” Atkinson said. “I'm not going to give it away, but I do think you'll see that.
“You feel comfortable with him out there. Most rim protectors, they rim protect and it's tough [for them to move]. They're not really switch guys. He's got the capability to do both. And offensively he puts pressure on the rim. D'Angelo [Russell] comes off and he's threat at the rim. That's an advantage, too.”
In the preseason and season's early stages, the Nets have been tormented by mobile bigs. They got routed by the 76ers in their preseason finale, helpless as Joel Embiid and Dario Saric combined for 48 points in just 39 minutes.
Then they lost their season opener to the Pacers as Myles Turner had 21 points for a plus-12. And they had to somehow overcome Vucevic's monstrous performance — 17-of-22 shooting, 6-of-8 from deep — to win their home opener.
But Allen helped curtail Vucevic's long-range shooting when he matched up against the Orlando big man late in that game, and his four blocks in just 15 minutes against the Hawks on Sunday help buoy his confidence even more.
“Yeah it does. Just anybody has a good game, you're going to get more confidence. But me being a rookie, seeing that I got four blocked shots, that's like me playing against Vucevic the last game. Just knowing I can play with him is all a confidence boost,” said Allen. “He's an amazing on-the-block scorer, so just sticking to our defensive principles and just playing hard, that's all I can do.”
Allen Crabbe is still on a minutes restriction as he works himself up to full strength. Atkinson said he eventually sees the sweet-shooting wing playing upwards of 30 minutes.
“There's definitely leeway. I've already crossed it. It's a collaborative with the performance team and coaches of just being intelligent … we're going to build him up,” Atkinson said. “I see him up in the 30s. That would be ideal. But it depends on the game, how he's playing and everybody else is playing. But in a perfect world, up in the 30s.”
Crabbe, who averaged 28.5 minutes per game last season with the Trail Blazers, is sixth on the team at 25.0.
Mr and Mrs Clement Agba from Utukwang South, Obudu Local Government Area of Cross Rivers State welcomed triplets Monday, February 13th. The babies were delivered safely at the Primary Health Centre in Okworogung, Utukwang South. The Director-General, Cross River State Primary Health Care Development Agency, Dr Betta Edu, who visited the new mother and her children assured them of government
Sunday, April 15, despite being uncomfortably cold for a baseball game, was a great day for New York Mets fans. After starting the season 11-1, the Mets had finally lost a second game a day earlier, but responded with a 3-2 victory over the Milwuakee Brewers at Citi Field, powered by eight strikeouts from Noah Syndergaard and a walk-off homer from Wilmer Flores. The Mets were 12-2, off to the best start in franchise history, and all was well.
RELATED: New York Mets go full Mets, bat out of order in the first inning
Fast forward to May 30 and all is no longer well. The Mets have crumbled as only the Mets can, going 14-24 in their next 38 games and losing key player after key player to injury. First it was veteran and great-clubhouse guy Todd Frazier , then it was Yoenis Cespedes, then Juan Lagares and then came the last straw on Tuesday, when Syndergaard was placed on the disabled list with a strained ligament in his right index finger and Steven Matz left the team's game against the Atlanta Braves with discomfort in his left middle finger . At the time, the Mets led 4-0, and eventually lost 7-6 on a walk-off for the second time in three games. How much pain can one fanbase take?
After Matz left the game, fans watching heard the toll this franchise has taken on the Mets entire broadcast team in the bottom of the fourth inning. Play-by-play man Gary Cohen officially ran out of words to describe the Amazin's luck:
Franchise legend-turned color man Keith Hernandez, a guy who has a habit of lightening the broadcast and adding a little humor whenever possible, could not shake the depression that had begun to set in on Tuesday night:
Like he said, he gets paid by the word, and he too has run out of them. This is a man who is now tweeting everything that pops into his head and he couldn't even muster up a "well, maybe their luck will turn around at some point." What a disaster.
Meanwhile, their crosstown rival New York Yankees can't stop winning games in epic fashion, and they'll make the short trek over to Citi Field the weekend after next in a series the Mets desperately need to take two games from just to give their fans something to feel good about. For their sake, for Keith and Gary's sake, and for the new Mr. Met's sake , let's hope they do, because no one should have to be this sad.
RELATED: Keith Hernandez's Twitter account is officially the best (and most dad) thing on the internet
Best Ways To Celebrate World Humanitarian Day In MinnesotaWorld Humanitarian Day honors the selfless efforts of men and women who dedicate and give their lives in the service of others. Since 2009, World Humanitarian Day has been commemorated on August 19. In Minnesota, this significant day will be celebrated with summer charity events and volunteerism.
NEW ORLEANS (AP) — The U.S. Gulf Coast braced Friday for a fast-moving blast of wind, heavy rain and rising water as deadly Tropical Storm Nate threatened to reach hurricane strength before a weekend landfall.
The National Hurricane Center issued hurricane and storm surge warnings for southeast Louisiana and the Mississippi and Alabama coasts. States of emergency were declared in all three states as Nate – which has already killed at least 21 people in Central America – became the latest in a succession of destructive storms this hurricane season.
Nate is forecast to dump 3 to 6 inches of rain on the region – with isolated totals of up to 12 inches. That much rain led authorities to warn of flash flooding and mudslides. By midafternoon Friday, Nate was moving at a speed of 21 mph (33 kph). Its center was located about 125 miles (200 kilometers) east-southeast of Cozumel, Mexico, and was expected to reach the U.S. late Saturday or early Sunday.
Evacuation orders were issued for some coastal communities, including the Louisiana towns of Jean Lafitte and Grand Isle.
Shelly Jambon, owner of Sureway Supermarket in Grand Isle, said she plans on riding out the storm at her store even though it's across the street from the beach. She bought it two years before Hurricane Katrina struck in 2005 and has weathered far more threatening storms than Nate.
“It's a mild one for us,” she said. “Seventy to 80 mph winds? We get that in a winter storm.”
The state mobilized 1,300 National Guard troops. Some were headed to New Orleans, where summer storms already have exposed problems with the city's fragile pumping system.
“We don't anticipate that this is going to cause a devastating impact to New Orleans or exceed the ability for the pumps,” Gov. Jon Bel Edwards said Thursday.
Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant declared a state of emergency in six southernmost counties. State officials, at a briefing Friday in Gulfport, warned that Nate's main danger in that state will be from up to 10 feet of storm surge in low-lying coastal areas, as well as from winds that could damage mobile homes.
“If you are in an area that has flooded, I would recommend you evacuate that area until the storm has ended and the water has receded for your own personal safety and for the safety of the first responders that will be responding in the event you are trapped,” Bryant said.
The storm threatened to disrupt one of the Mississippi coast's biggest annual tourist events, the “Cruisin' the Coast” auto show. Biloxi firefighters warned more than 700 recreational vehicle campers that they may need to leave early. The event continued as normal Friday, but Saturday's events were cancelled, replaced by a brief closing ceremony.
Dozens of offshore oil and gas platforms and drilling rigs in the Gulf of Mexico have been evacuated as Nate churns through warm waters. Ingalls Shipbuilding, the Mississippi coast's largest industrial employer, announced Friday that only a skeleton crew of necessary employees would work Saturday and Sunday at the Pascagoula shipyard.
The northern Gulf Coast areas targeted by Nate largely have been spared the worst effects of a catastrophic hurricane season, but Louisiana's emergency declaration for Nate isn't its first since the start of the summer. In August, a weakened Hurricane Harvey made landfall in Louisiana after dealing a devastating blow to Texas and then nudging back into the Gulf of Mexico. Edwards also issued an emergency declaration in August for storm-related flooding in New Orleans.
On Alabama's Dauphin Island, owners hauled boats out of the water ahead of the storm's approach. Tourists canceled beach reservations for the weekend. The major concern was that Nate's storm surge was projected to coincide with high tide.
Mississippi Emergency Management Agency Director Lee Smithson expressed confidence that the federal government would be able to provide help to Mississippi even as the Federal Emergency Management Agency continues to respond to previous hurricanes in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.
Bryant authorized the use of the Mississippi National Guard to respond to any damage. Officials said they would open 11 evacuation shelters in areas away from the immediate coast, and that the regional bus system could transport people who can't drive to shelters on their own.
“This is a fast-moving storm,” Smithson said.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
When in Wisconsin...you have to try the frozen custard. Butler's Mascot, Blue thinks so at least. Blue is the live Mascot of Butler, an English Bulldog.
Butler was in town to face Marquette Wednesday, but beforehand Blue stopped by Kopp's for some frozen custard.
The team has had Blue since 2000, and they've had other live mascots. In 1919 they had their first bulldog followed by a few other dog breeds. The tradition faded in the 1970's until 2000 when Blue was given to the team by local breeders.
Blue licked his bowl clean, very impressed with Milwaukee's frozen custard.
Unfortunately, the game didn't go well for Marquette, who lost to Butler 72 to 92.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
2:46 Making peppermint candy
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
Taraneh Alidoosti in The Salesman
It will come as little surprise to admirers of the Iranian writer-director Asghar Farhadi that his new film, The Salesman, unfolds mainly in a couple of nondescript apartments. As he has demonstrated in the likes of Fireworks Wednesday (2006), A Separation (2011) and The Past (2013), Farhadi excels at finding the mystery in the mundane. Again and again, he thrusts his camera into scenes of meticulously choreographed domestic confusion, turning a series of interconnected rooms into spaces of intimate psychological revelation.
In The Salesman, which is one of this year's Academy Award nominees for best foreign-language film, another, more artificial kind of space looms. The movie centres on a married couple, Emad (Shahab Hussaini) and Rana (Taraneh Alidoosti), who are actors starring in a Tehran stage production of Death of a Salesman.
There are compelling glimpses here of the challenges of translating an American classic into Persian and taming its content for the approval of local censors. But Farhadi is far more interested in treating the story of Willy Loman as a thematic counterpoint to his own busy narrative machinery, encouraging us to read the similarities and differences between one unhappy home and another.
It's a somewhat ungainly life-imitating-art conceit, but Farhadi, who is nothing if not meticulous, fleshes it out in surprising ways. The bareness of the theatrical stage, with its bright lights and sparse furniture, mirrors the temporary living circumstances in which Emad and Rana find themselves after their apartment building nearly collapses, forcing them to find a new home.
The rooftop flat they wind up renting from Babak (Babak Karimi), another member of their troupe, is far from ideal. The previous tenant was evicted by Babak at the insistence of her neighbours, and she has left half her possessions behind and refuses to come pick them up.
Later it turns out that she was known as a woman of “many acquaintances” — a euphemism whose meaning becomes clear when Rana unwittingly opens the door to an intruder one evening, with devastating results.
I won't reveal the exact nature of the crime here, in part because the film, perhaps mirroring its characters' own discretion, never quite spells it out, either. But the traumatic ripple effects are clear enough, and Farhadi, working with the cinematographer Hussain Jafarian, traces the patterns with unvarnished realism and acute sensitivity.
Rana, physically injured and emotionally scarred by her encounter with a stranger, retreats into a sanctum of fury, grief, detachment and neediness. Meanwhile, Emad sinks deeper into his own private hell, torn between his instinctive desire to protect his wife and his wounded male pride. Hussaini, who won an acting prize at last year's Cannes Film Festival (where The Salesman also received a screenplay award), twists his handsome face into an angry scowl and turns Emad into a study in pure, emasculated rage.
Eventually, his desperation gives way to determination, as he follows a series of clues — a wad of cash, an abandoned truck — that he hopes will help him track down the perpetrator and extract a measure of justice. This isn't the first time Farhadi has used the conventions of the detective story in order to illuminate the deeper, more elusive puzzle of human nature: Think of the careful withholding of information in The Past, or the Rashomon-like clash of eyewitness testimonies in A Separation, in which Farhadi welded the crafty suspense-thriller plotting of vintage Hitchcock to the emotional complexity of Jean Renoir.
At his best, Farhadi ensures that every twist of narrative is matched by a revelation of character — and something more: a startling, laserlike insight into the particular social and cultural environs that shaped these characters and their reasons for reacting the way they do. The world of The Salesman isn't quite as intricately imagined as some of its predecessors, and the story's sleuthing element, while absorbing, often feels more narratively expedient than germane.
But if the setup is creaky, the payoff, when it arrives, is a thing to behold. The final scenes of The Salesman unfold with devastating power, much of it courtesy of an older man (a superb Farid Sajjadi Hussaini) whose story casts as much of a shadow over Emad and Rana's marriage as the Arthur Miller play in which they're performing.
Another apartment becomes a staging ground for the often-unspoken rifts in contemporary Iranian society — between men and women, traditionalism and modernity, the working class and the cultural elite — and throws those conflicts into sharp, wrenching relief.
If Farhadi's work has a governing theme, it might well be Renoir's great, compassionate insight — memorably stated in his 1939 masterpiece, The Rules of the Game that “everyone has their reasons.” This is as true of Babak, who conveniently withholds his former tenant's history when renting the apartment to Emad and Rana, as it is of their mostly unseen neighbours, whose gossip indirectly leads to the tragedy at hand. And it is surely true of the shamed tenant herself, whose face we never see, but whose possessions remain to bear defiant witness to her own unmistakable humanity.
Don't miss it!
The Salesman releases in the UAE on February 16.
Just days after being named ad revenue president for Fox Networks Group, Joe Marchese got down to business, telling advertisers, “The sub-prime advertising market is dragging us all down.”
Marchese, who came to Fox after selling his digital ad firm, True[X], is a dyed-in-the-wool digital aficionado who is helping Fox reconfigure its ad pitch to Madison Avenue.
Much of Marchese's pitch is that Fox is bigger and better than Facebook and Google, which together with Twitter and Snapchat are aiming to grab TV money.
In two hours Fox dwarfs both tech rivals — with 31 percent of stories viewed on digital and on-demand environments, Marchese said, adding that 76 percent of Fox content is viewed on a big TV screen in the living room.
“Fox prime time delivers 700 Facebooks,” he noted. “Here we have the highest-quality environments and we have it at broadcast scale and with the tools of digital to capitalize on it,” he said from the stage at the Beacon Theater during Fox's upfront.
The Fox presentation, which was heavy on its fall sports coverage, featured newly signed Alex Rodriguez. (His girlfriend, Jennifer Lopez, appeared at NBC's upfront.)
Marchese noted that like his counterpart at NBCUniversal, the network will be relying less on Nielsen data to make guarantees to advertisers — looking beyond age and gender to target ads.
Marchese broke news, telling advertisers that the company will not sell regular commercials in video-on-demand shows. Instead, those will have a single sponsor — part of Marchese's goal of making advertising less intrusive.
In a graphic on stage, he rammed home the digital point, saying Fox delivers 768 million impressions on a Sunday, versus Facebook's 150,000.
A man walks past graffiti that reads in Spanish "Corrupt police. Murderers-Thieves," In Managua, Nicaragua, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Human rights groups say clashes between police and protesters left nearly 30 dead since people took to the streets last week to oppose tax hikes and benefit cuts meant to shore up the ailing social security system. Alfredo Zuniga AP Photo
This story is about Published 10m
Did punching Jose Bautista ruin Rougned Odor at the plate? Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Louis DeLuca/Staff Photographer Texas fans jeer Toronto Blue Jays right fielder Jose Bautista -- one fan held up a copy of the famous photo of 'The Punch by Rougned Odor - as he is introduced before the game between the Toronto Blue Jays vs. the Texas Rangers major league baseball ALDS Game 1 at Globe Life Park in Arlington on Thursday, October 6, 2016. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
By Evan Grant , Staff Writer Contact Evan Grant on Twitter: @Evan_P_Grant
Here we go with another edition of #EvanHelpUs:
What to do with Rougie when Elvis is back? Rougie is looking lost at the plate. #EvanHelpUs — Chris McMillan (@Cmcmillan76) May 28, 2018
Me: Adrian Beltre could be back in the lineup by the end of the week and Elvis Andrus by June 11. This gives Rougned Odor about two weeks to really show legitimate progress at the plate before the Rangers may be faced with a surplus of middle infielders (Jurickson Profar, Isiah Kiner-Falefa) who are outperforming Odor. I do think Odor is making an attempt to change his approach at the plate. I believe I've seen a few more attempts to go the opposite way and I know I've seen more bunt attempts recently. But he's got to show tangible results. Those have been lacking. I thought Monday's game at Seattle really summed up what has become of Odor. Even on days when he lays down a perfect bunt and helps create a run by stealing a base, he mitigates the positive impact by bobbling a grounder and failing to complete a double play, then gets thrown out on the bases. Even on days when he takes a step forward, he seems to also take a step back. I really believe after the punch of Bautista and the ensuing publicity, he tried to cultivate a persona of extreme swagger at the plate. That didn't work. And now I think he's a little shell-shocked but is unable to actually publicly acknowledge it. It puts him at a real crossroads. Maybe a demotion will take place. Maybe it would allow him to rediscover himself (as it did in 2015). But I know the Rangers hope it doesn't come down to them having to make a decision on this.
@Evan_P_Grant #EvanHelpUs Andy Ibanez is off to a nice start in AAA, bouncing back from a rough 2017 season. However, he's playing primarily second base, which Odor, Profar and IKF also play. Has there been any talk of giving him time in the outfield to increase his versatility? — Adam J. Morris (@lonestarball) May 28, 2018
Me: According to Rangers officials, there is no consideration of Ibanez as an outfielder. The Rangers are happy with his work at second and third. The rise of Isiah Kiner-Falefa could eventually force that long-term, but for now, I think the Rangers want to keep him where is most natural and comfortable. Remember, Ibanez was considered an excellent defensive second baseman when the Rangers signed him out of Cuba.
What is the plan for restoring pitching in the minor leagues ? #evanhelpus — Ron Schulz (@RonSchulz2) May 28, 2018
Me: There is no shortcut. It's Draft. Draft. Draft. Trade. Trade. Trade. Sign. Sign. Sign. They have to use all of their resources to acquire young pitching talent and let it simmer/develop organically. They will get a host of pitchers in the June 4-6 amateur draft and may add some more in the July 2 international signing period. Then, come the trade deadline period, I expect them to be very adamant about getting pitching back in any trade. Of course, that's THEIR plan. Last year, they wanted a pitcher (Walker Buehler) or a center fielder (Alex Verdugo) in any trade with the Los Angeles Dodgers for Yu Darvish. The Dodgers gave them a flat "no" and never blinked. The Rangers had to "settle" for a hitter without a true defensive position in Willie Calhoun. The best plan is also the least exciting. Use every method possible to acquire young talent, knowing that most of that young talent is not going to pan out. Emphasize fastball command and strike one with that young talent, first and foremost. And then show patience. I'd like to see Rangers pitchers get to a point where they are dominating their respective minor league before moving up.
Without an impact player to trade, would Rangers be better off trying for a package trade like Rays/Mariners? Think Indians are ideal trade partners given their situation. Choo (& $), Hamels, Kela, Diekman to Indians for McKenzie, Civale & Bieber (Shane not Justin) #EvanHelpUs — No (@DontCareForThis) May 28, 2018
Me: The general consensus is that you are still better off trading individual pieces over a package. But that's just general theory when I talked to a scout about the subject last year. Each year and each market is different, so it might make sense to investigate the possibility. I think the idea of making a trade as large as you suggest is darn near impossible, especially when it would include the kind of cash considerations necessary to move Choo. I personally think Rangers best bet for a package deal might be to add one of the relievers to a Hamels deal, but not multiples. Should the Rangers decide to deal Kela, given a club's future control, there should be enough for a stand-alone deal.
Is the money offered JD to build this years team impacted by owners pending divorce trial #EvanHelpUs — John (@Jh3924John) May 28, 2018
Me: Bob Simpson, one of the three owners, has reportedly been engaged in an acrimonious divorce, but it is not expected that will have any impact on operations of the club. Simpson has reduced his profile with the club over the last couple of years anyway. Ray Davis and Neil Leibman have taken on a greater role in the management of the team. The reason the Rangers scaled back payroll this season has nothing to do with a divorce. While this ownership group has resources, it does not have resources in the same area as the New York Yankees, Boston Red Sox, Chicago Cubs or Los Angeles Dodgers. The Rangers best chance at restocking the team for another run hinged on the value associated with the signing of Shohei Ohtani. When they missed out on Ohtani, I think ownership and management realized there were too many holes to try to fill at retail prices with too many contending teams already out there to make it a prudent long-term move. The "best" option: Take chances on some short-term risks this season and try to hold/restock the farm system. It might extend the rebuild into 2019, but he Rangers shouldn't go through an extended dry spell.
@Evan_P_Grant #EvanHelpUs With recent catching struggles. Do you foresee a change in June? — Kenneth (@Dustin22rangers) May 28, 2018
Me: If you are asking if I expect to see Jose Trevino before the season is done, I expect the answer is "yes." If you are asking me if I expect to see Isiah Kiner-Falefa make a start behind the plate before the season is over, I'd also answer "yes." But I think that day comes sometime after July 1. Trevino still has offensive work to do. Kiner-Falefa will probably have to go back to the minors for an intense catching tutorial before he's ready to catch in the big leagues. It would not surprise me if the Rangers give Cameron Rupp a look as the backup or in a split role with Robinson Chirinos sometime in the next couple of weeks. Neither Juan Centeno nor Carlos Perez, who split the backup position, have really provided the Rangers with anything. It's kind of open auditions there.
Will it ever stop raining in Hickory? #EvanHelpUs — Mark Parker (@CrawdadsBeat) May 28, 2018
Me: As of Tuesday, Hickory had played 47 games, four shy of the leaders in the South Atlantic League. Not terrible, but I guess everybody there has had some rain issues. Here are my suggestions: First, release a dove from your ark window. If it returns with an olive branch in its mouth, then the rains have passed. Or you are Noah. Second, enjoy the doubleheaders.
Favorite dessert at a BBQ joint #EvanHelpUs — ⚾ Debbie Gill ⚾ (@Maelinde) May 28, 2018
Me: Is there any choice besides banana pudding? If there is, I don't want to know. Banana pudding is the perfect post-brisket desert. I will say this though: The "Crack" Cake at Cattleback in Addison is, as the name suggests, pretty addictive.
#evanhelpus is there any realistic scenario where anyone on the coaching staff is fired mid season? — Was JD fired today? (@FireJonDaniels) May 28, 2018
Me: There would be two reasons to fire a coach in mid-season. The first: As they did in 2011, the Rangers felt they had a season to save and thought a change in hitting instructor could change those fortunes. The second: They are certain they have identified a long-term answer/solution for an instructor's position and want to give the instructor maximum time with the players. I don't think either situation exists here this season. There is no season to save. And I don't know that the Rangers feel they have identified any definitive answers on coaches. To do anything would basically be change for the sake of change and that's never really a smart approach. I think management will wait the season to get a feel, in particular, on how the young hitters have progressed this season. Right now, you would say Nomar Mazara has taken a big step forward, Joey Gallo has regressed and Rougned Odor has really not changed much at all. So, well, that's a mixed bag.
If Guzman continues to play well, could he play 1B long term with Gallo in LF? Also will IKF be the catcher of the future after Chirinos? #EvanHelpUs — Chris McDonald (@ChrisMcDIII) May 28, 2018
Me: With Adrian Beltre about to return and probably needing to DH more to stay healthy, there are going to be a lot of moving pieces. Think you are going to see Gallo play some first base, too, in the short term. But, yeah, in the long-term, I could see a situation where Guzman plays first base regularly (he's a very good defender with a chance to be excellent) and Gallo plays left (he's a very good defender with a chance to be excellent). The biggest issue is the Josh Hamilton Conundrum. Gallo is a big man. Left field requires a lot of running around. That can take a toll on a big man. But Gallo is 24, younger than Hamilton was when he was trying to play left field for the Rangers. Hamilton also had a well-documented history of injuries and there was always a theory that his body broke down earlier due to the way he abused it with alcohol and drugs in his early 20s. As for catcher, I don't think Isiah Kiner-Falefa will be an everyday catcher. I don't know that he will have a single everyday position. He is the closest thing the Rangers have had to true super utility guy Ben Zobrist. I think the Rangers will try to maximize the value of those skills. That said, the club is fairly deep at catcher with Jose Trevino, Matt Whatley and Sam Huff, to name three.
2:24
What shots do your kids need for back to school?
0:36
Brain-eating amoeba: What you need to know
1:01
Wisconsin Decides It Can Live Without $1.1 Billion Highway Widening After All
Under Governor Scott Walker, Wisconsin has become a poster child for highway waste.
Walker's DOT has slated an astronomical $6.4 billion in road expansions for the slow-growing Milwaukee region. The spending bonanza includes two interchanges that will cost nearly a billion dollars apiece. A state employee called one of them big enough to “create its own weather,” according to Politico.
But in an encouraging turn of events, policymakers are losing their appetite to follow through on these highway ambitions. Prodded by civil rights and environmental activists who took the state to court, Wisconsin is no longer pursuing one of the more wasteful and destructive projects on its road expansion agenda: the $1.1 billion widening of I-94 through Milwaukee.
The Wisconsin Gazette reports that Wisconsin DOT has asked federal officials to withdraw support for the project. In its letter to the Federal Highway Administration, WisDOT notes that the state cannot begin construction because of a pending lawsuit in federal court brought by the Milwaukee NAACP.
The suit against WisDOT contends that the highway would exacerbate the region's “hyper-segregation” by prioritizing the travel of wealthier suburban car commuters over quality of life in the majority black and Latino neighborhoods the highway bisects. The advocates also point out that WisDOT failed to consider the potential for transit to absorb trips, and that the agency relied on outdated and inflated traffic data to make the case for road widening.
Hastening WisDOT's decision is the state's current fiscal landscape. Wisconsin does not, in fact, possess infinite resources to spend on highways, and money for the I-94 project was not included in the most recent state budget.
Advocates have now won three notable victories against Walker's road-building binge in recent years. Wisconsin DOT dropped the widening of Highway 38 following criticism from the Wisconsin Public Interest Research Group in 2014. And civil rights groups won $13 million for transit following a suit over the $1.7 billion Zoo Interchange the same year.
More recommended reading today: Pricetags reports that a California school district has decided a local road is too dangerous for a crossing guard — so all students are supposed to get driven to school. And the Natural Resources Defense Council looks at what we would lose if the Trump administration rolls back federal fuel efficiency standards.
The Electric Daisy Carnival grounds were decorated with lit amusements and stages in the infield of the Las Vegas Motor Speedway on June 21, 2015. (Source: aLive Coverage for Insomniac)
It's mid-June and time for the Electric Daisy Carnival to return to the valley.
Temperatures are expected to soar above 100 degrees and the heat could pose an even bigger danger to thousands of visitors flooding the city for EDC. The risk is even higher if they're not drinking enough water or taking too much of something else, and even though medics are on site, the festival can be a challenge for first responders.
Sam Schiller is the CEO of Guardian Elite Medical Services, a company that provides on-site medical help for special events. Schiller said he knows exactly what happens inside music festivals.
"We see a lot of exhaustion," Schiller said. "They're partying in the day, they party at night. They want that real Las Vegas experience."
On the surface it's just fun costumes and electronic dance music, but some things can slip through the cracks and in Las Vegas, it's amplified in the dry heat.
"So when you're out in the heat and then you end up taking a drug like ecstasy, it will increase the body temperature," Schiller said. "When you have the outside factors like you're in a crowd, you will see an increase in body temperature."
That's where the danger comes. Every drug yields a different reaction and when treating overdoses, EMT's don't always know what the patient is on, so they treat what they see initially.
"As a paramedic ... What we're going to look for is signs of what the patient is presenting. When we have somebody that is passed out our immediate reaction is making sure that they have an airway that they're breathing and they have a pulse."
Drug use is strictly prohibited inside EDC, but drug education groups like Colorodo based on-profit Dance Safe said things happen, sometimes even before walking into the event.
"People might have four pills in their pocket, they're planning on taking two to start, maybe one later," Mitchell Gomez of Dance Safe said. "Then they see security and they immediately panic and take all four."
Dance Safe has been criticized in the past because they offer services such as on-site pill testing, so that users know exactly what they're taking.
"It's important for people to know when they're consuming," Gomez said. "Substances can have radically different safety profiles, different dosages."
The group isn't allowed to set up inside EDC but provide drug testing kits online.
Neither first responders nor Dance Safe promotes drug use, but both asked for the community to be safe and pay attention to close friends.
"You may see something in somebody that they may not be able to recognize."
This is also the first year of EDC after marijuana was legalized, Metro PD said festival-goers will be cited if caught smoking weed in a public place such as EDC.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Continue reading DJ Sixth Sense Releases A New Mix 12-12-17
Who Is Chris Brown's Rumored New Girlfriend Agnez Mo
Agnes Monica Muljoto (born 1 July 1986), known by her stage name Agnez Mo, is an Indonesian singer, songwriter and actress. Born in Jakarta, she has recorded three children's albums and became a presenter of several children's television programs. In 2003, Agnes released her first adult album entitled And the Story Goes, which catapulted her name back to the Indonesian music industry. Agnes' homeland success encouraged her to target the international music scene. On the second album released in 2005, Whaddup A.. '?!, she collaborated with American singer Keith Martin for the single "I'll Light a Candle". Agnes also took part in two Taiwanese drama series, The Hospital and Romance In The White House.
/ Front page / News
TO provide better efficiency in its services, the Land Transport Authority (LTA) has partnered Dee Ace Motors to enhance its vehicle inspection policy.
LTA's authorised motor vehicle inspection agency (AMVIA), Dee Ace Motors, has been given access to the authority's online system, allowing the company to update vehicle inspection results directly into the LTA system.
LTA chairman Vijay Maharaj said the new arrangement was aimed at improving customer service delivery.
"Previously, it was all done with the inspection results all documented on paper and sent by hand to be put in our system," Mr Maharaj said.
The company is one of five authorised motor vehicle inspection agencies appointed by LTA to provide motor vehicle inspections, with Dee Ace Motors being the first selected for online access.
Meanwhile, motorists welcomed the introduction of the new system.
Suva taxi driver Nilesh Goundar said the new system would really fast track the processes at LTA.
"There is always a big line when you go to LTA for inquires and paperwork. Sometimes information in files and on paper is also in the process, which delays everything," Mr Goundar said.
"But with the computer online system, this will particularly help the users to have everything done efficiently and efficiently."
For Jamie Richardson, there was only ever going to be one winner of this World Cup — and that's England.
Jamie Richardson's tattoo says "England 2018 World Cup Winners".
While watching England's World Cup match against Panama — in which the Three Lions convincingly won 6-1 — the Leeds native said he was struck with the realisation that England was going to bring the trophy home.
“We were four-nil up against Panama... just before half-time. It came to me, an epiphany: get the tattoo, we will bring it home. And that's what I went out and did," Richardson said to Euronews.
"I haven't looked back since.”
One of the factors was the stars aligning this year — or a series of coincidences, depending on how one looks at it — with 1966, the year England won its first and only World Cup.
"Man City came top of the league, Burnley came in the European places, Chelsea came fifth in the league and Real Madrid won the European Cup. All of them happened in 1966 and all of them have happened this year as well."
"The Germans are out. The Spanish are out. The Argentines are out. They've just given us a clear route to the final."
'Cuddling the flag like a teddy'
Even though the 32-year-old is absolute about his team winning the cup, it doesn't mean watching the matches are any less nerve-wracking, especially when England went to penalty shoot-outs against Colombia on Tuesday night.
"I was extremely nervous last night, I ain't gonna lie. Everybody's faith is tested at some point, even mine. But it was just unbelievable, saving them penalties last night. I was sat there cuddling my flag like a little kid cuddling his teddy. It was just unbelievable... Probably one of the best nights I've ever had."
'We should be getting behind our team'
After Richardson was inked, there was no shortage of reactions from people baffled and excited. Many of them were trolls, who Richardson said he had to block on social media.
"All I've done is block them, anybody that's doubting or being negative. At the end of the day we're a country and we should be getting behind our team. And England expects every fan to do his duty."
And if England doesn't win the World Cup? Richardson won't entertain it, jumping in mid-question to say "when" England wins the cup. But even if the team loses, the tattoo is "staying as it is".
"We're winning anyway, we're going to win it 100%."
England faces off against Sweden on Saturday in a match that will determine who will advance to the semifinals. And Richardson has some thoughts on their Scandinavian rivals.
"Them Swedish in the next round — they want to stick to IKEA. I want to go to IKEA today where they're all hanging about down there."
"I'm going to go and buy something, see if I can spot the team lined up in there. Swedish meatballs are off the menu. IKEA's off the menu. Sweden's blacklisted until after the next round.”
The Three Lions are three wins away from lifting the World Cup trophy. Should England overcome Sweden, they will face off against the winner of the Russia vs Croatia match in the semi-finals.
Considering the possible outcome is all moot for Richardson. For him, England will take home the trophy no matter who they play. And should that happen, he knows the first thing he'll do: run to his young daughter.
"I'm going to pick my little girl up and I'm going to take her out for some food, and I'm going to tell her that her dad was right, and that your daddy told you England were going to bring the World Cup home this year."
MIAMI (WSVN) - The American flag is a top item for the Fourth of July holiday — those who make them are sharing how it's done and why it means so much to them.
“July Fourth is important because many times people come to us looking for their own independence, and an opportunity for hope and jobs, and that's what we do here,” said Goodwill's Vice President of Marketing, Lourdes De La Mata.
Many things go into making your Independence Day special. Sunshine, barbecues, beaches, fireworks, and of course — the good old stars and stripes, but these American flags are made with their own special glory.
“I think that a lot of people that work here have a lot of pride,” said De La Mata. “Not only to work for Goodwill industries, but more importantly because they're working on the flag, which again is a great symbol of our freedom and independence, which is something that they're working on personally.”
The Goodwill Flag Center is located at Northwest 21st Street and 22nd Avenue creates about 600 flags a day for the U.S. Department of Veteran's Affairs.
Each flag is made with nearly 100-year-old embroidery machines, by over 900 Goodwill employees with disabilities. And if you ask these employees, they will tell you just how much pride they take in their work.
“It's a good job and good work,” said Goodwill employee, Francisco. “It's very nice.”
Each flag is made with extreme attention to detail. Every one of the 13 stripes must be exactly four-and-a-half inches wide and all of the 50 embroidered stars have to be exactly 3.3 inches in diameter.
When placed on a table the flag must lie flat with no pleats or any loose threads protruding.
“They're very important flags,” said De La Mata. “These are the internment flags. You can tell by the fabric — they're cotton. These are the ones that folded up into triangles and then presented to the families of the veterans who passed away, so it is a very special flag.”
Due to the quality of work being put out by the Goodwill Flag Center and its employees, the center is planning on hiring an additional 125 employees with disabilities to work on producing military uniforms.
Goodwill is one of the top 20 employers in Miami. Part of the nonprofit's mission is training and employing people with disabilities to help them get on their way to greater independence.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The Kansas City Royals had a special guest in the clubhouse Tuesday ahead of their game against the Milwaukee Brewers.
The special guest, Lorenzo Cain, was all smiles when reunited with some of his former teammates.
Royals catcher Salvador Perez took a selfie with Cain and Mike Moustakas, Drew Butera and Whit Merrifield.
“Hermanito is back to the K #royalsforever 💙💙,” Salvy captioned the photo.
The Brewers posted a video of Cain getting a warm welcome back in Kansas City.
Revised US tally: HIV infections fell 18 percent in 6 years
hello
NEW YORK -- New calculations to better track HIV infections confirm that the U.S. is seeing a strong and steady decline.
The number of new cases has been falling for years. But health officials wanted a clearer picture of how the epidemic was behaving. They count people when they were diagnosed with the AIDS virus - not when they actually contracted it, which can be months or years earlier.
Counting infections instead of diagnoses is a more ideal gauge - a kind of speedometer that tells how fast the epidemic is actually moving, said David Holtgrave, an HIV researcher at Johns Hopkins University.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention used blood test results to help date the infections. Their calculations showed new infections dropped by nearly 18 percent over six years, the CDC reported Tuesday. Though health experts expected a decline, they welcomed the confirmation.
"It's very exciting to see this kind of drop," said Ron Brookmeyer, a statistician at the University of California, Los Angeles.
It suggests that stepped-up efforts to diagnose and treat infections are paying off, he added.
The agency found that between 2008 and 2014, new infections fell:
-18 percent in the overall population, from 45,700 to 37,600.
-36 percent in heterosexuals.
-56 percent in people who inject drugs.
Two-thirds of the people who are diagnosed with HIV each year are gay and bisexual men. The CDC saw substantial declines in new infections in very young and in middle-aged men in that group. But there was a 35 percent increase in men ages 25 to 34, offsetting the other decreases.
Officials also said they were able to estimate annual HIV infections in 35 states. No state saw an increase. Seven saw significant decreases - Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, Pennsylvania, New York, North Carolina and Texas.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch her go.
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared her goals for SLO
2:09 Watch Zac Efron in the teaser trailer for 'Baywatch'
0:50 Fresno man says he was fired for medical marijuana use
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
2:41 Fresno Chaffee Zoo's ridiculously adorable lion cub is now 5 weeks old
I'm not sure when Governor LePage is more disappointing — when he is flat out wrong and sure he's right or when he's right, but communicates so poorly it doesn't matter.
In his State of the State address, he brought up the issue of superintendents, their prevalence in Maine and their overall cost to districts. LePage is right on this one — Maine school districts should be making every effort to consolidate and share these administrative costs.
The best way to exemplify this reality is to look at one local school district, like Augusta, for example. In the interest of disclosure, I've worked in the Augusta School Department as a substitute teacher in the 1990's and in the 00's as an adult education teacher. Both my boys have gone to Augusta schools, and I along with my siblings, attended Cony.
My familiarity with the district spans decades and further includes having a mom who worked as a special education teacher in Augusta, too. I realize that I'm about to make some of the people familiar with my familiarity very uncomfortable with this post, but my intent is to offer a nuanced conversation.
Nuance isn't our dear governor's strong suit.
Here in Augusta we have a superintendent AND an assistant superintendent. Back in the day when enrollments were bigger, we managed with a single superintendent, so I'm not sure why we need two given smaller student bodies at our schools. The combined cost of these two administrators in salary and medical insurance is over $260,000.
Augusta schools have 2300 day students, which means our cost per student starts at $113 in just superintendent costs. That's not acceptable in a district our superintendent, James Anastasio, describes as on the edge of a financial “cliff.” The problem is that the Augusta school department keeps draining its fund balance account to make its school budget less detrimental to property taxpayers.
The proposed budget this year leaves little in that account for future years, and Anastasio is worried, but not worried enough to raise the idea of working with Gardiner, Hall-Dale or Waterville on sharing superintendent administrative costs.
The proposed budget includes cutting two Project Pride teachers in our elementary schools, and I'm worried those positions are more critical to our community at this time than a superintendent and an assistant superintendent. I don't make that statement as a slight to either our superintendent or our assistant super, both of whom I know and like.
I say that statement as someone who understands the role schools play in fostering healthy communities and in supporting the development of healthy future contributing citizens. I say that statement as someone who has serious concerns about our schools' ability to meet our most vulnerable students' needs.
Project Pride is a program that intervenes with at-risk youth at two of our elementary schools in Augusta. These interventions may involve academics, social skills, life skills, behavioral coping mechanisms, as well as support for teachers and parents. Having witnessed the talents of Susie Dumont at Farrington Elementary, as well as other Project Pride teachers over the years, I can't say enough good about the program.
Every school should have at least two Mrs. Dumonts. I didn't want to put her on the spot by interviewing her for this post since her job is on the chopping block. If I asked her though, I'm sure Dumont could confirm that some of the kids she works with know hunger and others may be dealing with parents who struggle with addiction and other issues.
In other words, Dumont is on the frontline fighting the most dire crises facing our children. Dumont is the face of the prevention part of our fight against addiction. Dumont is the face of hope for the future for students who may not have hope at home or who may not have hope when they're at school.
Not all her caseload includes children facing challenges like addiction or hunger at home, but no matter the background, the Project Pride room is a safe haven for students who access the program. It's a place for children to learn to trust in authority, to develop life skills and coping mechanisms. It's the kind of program that can deter students from developing addictions.
Given our state and city's struggles with hunger and addiction, I don't see the Project Pride teachers in Augusta as expendable. The cost of two Project Pride teachers is $82,000 — one third the cost of our superintendent and assistant superintendent, who I see as more expendable.
I hope our governor is able to work through his communication struggles enough to find support for consolidating superintendent expenses. Ideally, I'd like to see a day when Augusta is spending $260,000 on Project Pride teachers and only spending $82,000 or less on its share toward a superintendent representing a grouping of districts.
This story is about
Dallas Stars center Tyler Seguin (91) takes the puck down the ice ahead of Nashville Predators center Mike Fisher (12) during the first period of their game on Thursday, December 8, 2016 at the American Airlines Center in Dallas. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
Tyler Seguin got the last laugh before the Dallas Stars matchup against the Winnipeg Jets Tuesday night.
Many players try to be the last player off the ice after pregame warmups in the NHL, but only a few succeed.
And one of the fastest growing rivalries in this game within the game belongs to Dallas' Tyler Seguin and Winnipeg's Mark Scheifele.
During an October trip to Winnipeg, it took a hard fought battle of rock-paper-scissors to determine a winner between these fierce competitors.
On Tuesday, however, Tyler Seguin pulled something out of the heel playbook to earn a controversial victory.
Surbhi On The Show Completing 500 Episodes
Surbhi shared a lengthy note and wrote, "Happy 500 to us #ishqbaaazhits500 The Love of you will get us to reach 1000 very very soon and like i always say keep the love coming in 🙏 ." - (sic)
Surbhi Chandna Shares A Heart-warming Post
The note read, "When Ishqbaaz began, who would have thought one would see it reaching 500. I am so proud of being part of a TV show which I consider no less than a Bollywood film, with perfectly etched characters backed by a strong team of directors, cameramen, and our most-talked about styling team as well as the hair and make-up team that achieves every look with excellence." - (sic)
The Actress Calls It A Fantastic Journey
"It continues to be a fantastic journey which has given me multiple shares to play, allowing me to explore myself as an actor. The team brings so much to the table as artists which translates beautifully on screen." - (sic)
Surbhi Concludes
"It has also been my journey of getting fitter, wiser and making memories and I wouldn't change a thing about it. I think we are like the perfect pieces put together by and the makers of our standing ground are the fans. Nowhere have I heard of such a crazy fan-base like the one." - (sic)
Ishqbaaz Hits 500!
Nakuul shared a picture and wrote, "A room full of cray-zies bringing the house down celebrating Nikster's turn of a new year! To never ending madness, some maturity & a lot more magic ... #IBhits500 #Ishqbaaaz." - (sic)
Nakuul On The Show Completing 500 Episodes
Talking about the show completing 500 episodes, Nakkul was quoted by Biz Asia as saying, "As Ishqbaaz clocks yet another landmark, I can't help but feel nostalgic and grateful for the journey we have traversed until now. It has been an all-round team effort which makes this show so very special."
Nakuul Wants To Share The Special Landmark With Audiences
"Ishqbaaz has truly reached hearts and homes globally and the love we continue to receive for our work on the show is so heart warming. I would like to share this very special landmark of 500 episodes with audiences and lovers across the world for embracing our show and making it as much theirs as it is ours."
Gul Khan Congratulates IB Team
The producer of the show, Gul Khan too, shared a video, in which the cast are seen dancing, and wrote, "Congratulations from team Ishqbaaaz to all the fans on 500 episodes ❤️" - (sic)
Image copyright Alec Gill
In the space of less than a month at the start of 1968, 58 fishermen based in the English port of Hull lost their lives in three separate trawler sinkings. Thanks to the efforts of a group of determined women, the deaths would change the industry, with the ripples spreading from the Arctic Sea to the steps of Downing Street.
"I am going over. We are laying over. Help me. I'm going over," skipper Phil Gay pleaded in a final, desperate message from the Ross Cleveland, which sank while sheltering from a storm in an inlet near Isafjordur in Iceland on 4 February.
"Give my love and the crew's love to the wives and families."
The Ross Cleveland was the third vessel to sink, in what became known as the triple trawler tragedy.
The St Romanus had sunk in the North Sea on 11 January, with the Kingston Peridot lost just over a fortnight later off the coast of Iceland. The 20-strong crew aboard both ships all died.
There was a single survivor of the three sinkings, 28-year-old Harry Eddom, the mate of the Ross Cleveland, who made a daring escape from the vessel by raft along with two crewmates who ultimately perished.
"We drove down this fjord and we hit the bottom," he said in a 1968 interview.
"I got out and I pulled the raft as far up as I could up on to the rocks."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption 'We had no paddles... we hit the bottom of a fjord'
Eddom - who still lives in Hull - described how he managed to stumble alone to the refuge of an Icelandic farmhouse.
"When I got there it was deserted. I hadn't the energy to kick the door down... so I just waited and went to the back of it to get out of the snow."
Described in a Daily Express headline as the "Man who came back from the sea", he was feted on his return before public opinion turned against him.
There were deeply unfair suggestions he should have given his waterproof clothing to a teenage crewmate who made it into the lifeboat wearing only underwear, while some seemed to judge him simply for being alive.
Within a few weeks Eddom was back at work, as if the tragedy had never occurred.
Image copyright Geograph/Ian S/Stephen Craven Image caption Hull's fishing heritage is remembered in murals on the city's Hessle Road and Anlaby Road
Fishing was an extraordinarily tough industry: it is estimated that more than 6,000 trawlermen from Hull alone perished between 1835 and 1980.
"Grief, and the commemoration of grief, was a constant for the city," said historian Brian W Lavery.
"It is often forgotten that fishing was a gigantic industry and the most dangerous on earth, worse even than coal-mining."
And although sorrow shrouded Hull at the start of 1968 - it was dubbed in one newspaper headline as "The Sad City" - fish still needed to be caught and life pressed on.
But in an era when health and safety practices were still rudimentary, nothing had been done to address some of the issues - chief among them the lack of full-time radio operators - that contributed to the tragedy. Led by the formidable Lillian Bilocca, it would be a group of four redoubtable women who would press for change.
Image copyright Hull Daily Mail Image caption "Big Lil" at the head of a demonstration after the disaster
Hull was at the time, according to Dr Lavery, the "greatest maritime city on Earth", and by necessity one that, on a day-to-day basis, relied enormously on the women who stayed ashore to keep it functioning.
"The men were away for about 20 days fishing and maybe then only back for three," the historian said.
"Despite the casual misogyny of the era many women told me: 'We were mother and father to our kids'."
Bilocca - "Big Lil" as she was nicknamed - embodied the can-do spirit of the women of Hull.
In the face of strong opposition, Bilocca, Christine Jensen, Mary Denness and Yvonne Blenkinsop - the four women dubbed the "Headscarf Revolutionaries" - are estimated to have saved thousands of lives through the safety campaign they fought.
Image copyright Hull Daily Mail Image caption A tribute to the lost trawlermen by the players of Hull FC, whose ground was near where the fishing community was based
"The group was not supported by all the men when they started their campaign," Dr Lavery said.
"Yvonne Blenkinsop was even punched in the face for getting involved in what some called 'none of their business'.
"It was ingrained: women didn't go on the dock, so much so that when Lil Bilocca led a women's march on to the dock, less than half of those following her would step on to it."
Nor was it easy for the crews themselves to formalise any changes to working practices.
"John Prescott said 'unionising trawlermen was like herding cats': after all you can't have a union meeting at sea," said Dr Lavery.
The attitudes of fishermen - perhaps today they would be described as macho - were also perhaps a barrier to changes to the industry.
As retired skipper Ken Knox said: "You took danger as a part of life - I was brought up into it from leaving school."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Did the rewards on offer to fishermen make the risk worthwhile?
Despite the hurdles placed in Big Lil's way - she even received death threats in the post - she would not be deterred from her goal.
Along with the other three women, she gathered a 10,000-signature petition calling for reform, leading a delegation to Parliament.
The women met ministers from the Board of Trade and the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, and the Fisherman's Charter, which outlined the campaigners' demands, was presented to the trawler owners' association after a march on to the fish dock.
When the shipping minister made a statement in the Commons soon after the Ross Cleveland was lost, outlining a plan for government intervention in the trawling industry, years of campaigning by unions and MPs from Hull "had been trumped by seven days of campaigning by Lil and her headscarf army", according to Mr Lavery.
Image copyright Hull Daily Mail Image caption The sight of Lil Bilocca checking trawler safety became a familiar one on the dock
Among the measures the campaign won were safety checks before vessels left port, radio operators for all ships, improved safety equipment and a "mother ship" with medical facilities for all fleets.
Bilocca became a familiar sight on the dock, asking whether vessels had a full crew and a radio operator before waving them off. On one occasion she was restrained by police officers from throwing herself on to the deck of a trawler whose crew answered in the negative.
In November The Last Testament of Lillian Bilocca, a play about Big Lil's achievements by actor and playwright Maxine Peake, was premiered in Hull during its year as UK City of Culture.
"It felt an important story to tell," she told the BBC.
"It's about women putting their head above the parapet."
Image copyright Hull2017 Image caption The Last Testament of Lillian Bilocca won praise from the critics
Hull playwright Val Holmes, who has also written about the life of Bilocca, said: "I think people are just realising what she did actually achieve."
But as it turned out, the tireless work of the Headscarf Revolutionaries made the lives of fishermen safer just as Hull was losing its status as a bustling fishing port.
"The four women saved thousands of lives with their actions but the irony was within a decade the industry was dead," Mr Lavery said.
A maritime city that relied on the wealth brought to shore by the "three-day millionaires" - a term coined to describe the short-term spoils enjoyed by the fishermen as a result of their weeks at sea - was already past its trawler heyday by 1968.
In 1970 Hull landed 197,000 tonnes of fish, but by 1981 that figure had fallen to only 15,000 tonnes, according to the Sea Fisheries Statistical Table.
Image copyright Jerome Image caption Brian W Lavery coined the phrase Headscarf Revolutionaries to describe the campaigners
As maritime historian Robb Robinson points out, the world was changing and leaving Hull behind.
Key factors in the demise of the city as a fishing port were international economics and imposed fishing limits, according to Dr Robinson.
"Looking back, 1968 was a turning point internationally in so many ways; in Hull it was a watershed," he said.
"For Hull fishing, the decline amplified a time of change. It meant that many skills were cast to the wind.
"With the anniversary, the city is remembering a poignant loss, unnecessary deaths and also the loss of a way of life."
Hull's Headscarf Heroes will be on BBC Four on Monday 5 February at 21:00 and be available on the iPlayer shortly after broadcast.
Sam Moose is really excited about the re-opening of the new Four Winds addiction treatment center.
For one thing, the program's focus on traditional Native American teachings and traditions is the only one of it's kind in Minnesota.
For another, the band took over operation and management of the center March 1st after the state wanted to close it due to budget issues.
And Moose, the band's Commissioner of Health, isn't the only tribal member excited about the program. The entire community is lining up to help, apply for jobs and volunteer.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There are signs construction may be about to begin on a delayed city centre student housing scheme after a brick wall appeared on the site.
Planning consent for the huge Linenhall complex, opposite the Crowne Plaza, was granted more than three years ago in a joint venture between Chester Race Company, who own the former stables site and London-based Stephenson Group.
But work has never started despite archaeological investigations and a false start when the car park site closed temporarily.
The appearance of the brick wall does not actually represent the start of construction.
Race company spokesman Chris Clayton explained that it was to comply with a planning condition that states no development shall take place until samples of materials, including sample panels, have been submitted and approved in writing by the planning authority.
More significantly, an amendment has just been approved for alterations to the elevation and internal space of the complex to reduce the number of bedrooms from 549 to 544.
And race company chief executive Richard Thomas recently confirmed to The Chronicle that the delayed scheme would still happen despite the number of competing student complexes already built or nearing completion.
Cheshire West and Chester Council's strategic planning committee backed the original plan by seven votes to one in favour even though it proved controversial with neighbouring residents. Final approval was given by then Secretary of State Eric Pickles who decided not to ‘call in' the controversial application which rises to six storeys on the ring road side.
Ward councillor Samantha Dixon , who is now council leader, said when in opposition: “So, does this application help us provide a supply of housing that will meet the needs of present and future generations? No it doesn't. This is not the accommodation that we need in Chester. We need family homes.
“It places a huge community, with a lifestyle very different, right alongside an existing community that will suffer directly as a result.”
Another issue is the disappearance of the popular Linenhall car park although the Northgate Development will include parking for 800 cars.
But the strategic planning meeting was told there was an existing permission for a previous scheme on a similar scale involving commercial apartments which was never built. And the planning officer said in many ways the impact of the student project would be less and a refusal decision would be difficult to defend if the applicant went to appeal.
A commercial agreement was signed between the race company and the Stephenson Group back in August 2015.
And it had been expected work would begin in late 2015 with the development ready for the start of the 2017 university academic year.
MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT, FLA. (WSVN) - Miami-Dade Fire Rescue responded to a gas leak at Miami International Airport, Friday afternoon.
7 Skyforce hovered over the scene.
Airport officials said there were also reports of a chemical spill near one of the gates, but nothing has been found.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Disha Patani
A news channel posted this caption on their Twitter handle and Disha Patani lost her cool.
Ridiculous Caption
The caption was ridiculous and Disha Patani shot back with a caption that'll make you burst out laughing.
Boss Lady
Disha Patani's reply was total badass and she added a pinch of humour to her reply.
Daring Move
We're sure other Twitter handles will now think twice before posting ridiculous things about Disha Patani.
Baaghi 2
Disha Patani will next be seen in the action movie Baaghi 2 alongside Tiger Shroff.
The Prequel
Baaghi which released in 2016, ended up being a hit at the box office.
Hit Machine
We're sure even Baaghi 2 will end being a superhit at the box office.
Amazing Girl
Disha Patani is such a lovely girl, be it childhood or adulthood, she is always amazing!
Stand Up
It's good to see Disha Patani standing up for what she believes in, folks!
So Beautiful
Doesn't Disha Patani look so beautiful in this picture, peeps?
MIAMI BEACH, FLA. (WSVN) - Two men were arrested after fists flew and a gun was recovered in Miami Beach, Friday.
The fight broke out either on a transit bus or just outside of it near Collins Avenue and 75th Street.
Police said a handgun was found at the scene, but no shots were fired.
There is no word on what sparked the fight.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
According to TMZ – Meek Mill will be a free man today after his long legal battle.
TMZ sources say it was the Supreme Court of PA who made the decision overruling Judge Genece Brinkley.
Meek tells TMZ … “I'd like to thank God, my family, my friends, my attorneys, my team at Roc Nation including JAY-Z, Desiree Perez, my good friend Michael Rubin, my fans, The Pennsylvania Supreme Court and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time.”
“While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive.”
Justice For Meek Mill Rally {Exclusive Photos} 27 photos Launch gallery Justice For Meek Mill Rally {Exclusive Photos} 1. Julius Dr. J Erving Source:R1 Digital 1 of 27 2. Rick Ross Source:R1 Digital 2 of 27 3. Dr. J Source:R1 Digital 3 of 27 4. Eagles Safety Malcolm Jenkins Source:R1 Digital 4 of 27 5. #Rally4Meek Source:R1 Digital 5 of 27 6. Boom 103.9's DJ Amir Source:R1 Digital 6 of 27 7. Free Meek Source:R1 Digital 7 of 27 8. The Youth Showed Out Source:R1 Digital 8 of 27 9. Mood: Dallas Week Source:R1 Digital 9 of 27 10. Eric & the kids after the rally Source:R1 Digital 10 of 27 11. Media Frenzy Source:R1 Digital 11 of 27 12. #FreeMeekMill Source:R1 Digital 12 of 27 13. Rozay Source:R1 Digital 13 of 27 14. Before The Rally Source:R1 Digital 14 of 27 15. #Rally4Meek Source:R1 Digital 15 of 27 16. Julius Speaking To The Crowd Source:R1 Digital 16 of 27 17. Aftermath Source:R1 Digital 17 of 27 18. Philly Supports Meek Source:R1 Digital 18 of 27 19. Rally Source:R1 Digital 19 of 27 20. #RoleModels4Meek Source:R1 Digital 20 of 27 21. Filbert Street Source:R1 Digital 21 of 27 22. MMG Source:R1 Digital 22 of 27 23. Eagles Corner Jalen Mills Source:R1 Digital 23 of 27 24. Charlie Mack! Source:R1 Digital 24 of 27 25. DJ Amir & Eagles Defensive End Vinny Curry Source:R1 Digital 25 of 27 26. Stand Together Source:R1 Digital 26 of 27 27. #JusticeForMeek Rally Graphic Source:Rally4Meek 27 of 27 Skip ad Continue reading Justice For Meek Mill Rally {Exclusive Photos} Justice For Meek Mill Rally {Exclusive Photos}
Related:
Meek Mill Interviews With Don Lemon On CNN [VIDEO]
The District Attorney Has Granted Meek Mill A New Trial, But Judge Refuses His Release Today
× Prosecutor charges suspect in Indian Creek Trail murders case with separate murder in Grandview
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Jackson County Prosecutor Jean Peters Baker on Friday charged Fredrick Scott, 22, a man who already faces two murder charges related to the deaths of two men, with a third murder that occurred in July 2017.
Police believe Scott shot and killed Karen Harmeyer, 64, in July. Her body was found in Grandview. Prosecutors charged him Friday with first degree murder and armed criminal action related to her death.
In August, Fredrick Scott was charged with the murders of Steven Gibbons, 57, and John Palmer, 56. Gibbons was killed near 67th and Troost Avenue on August 13, 2017 and Palmer was found dead near E. Bannister and Lydia Avenue on August 19, 2016.
Gibbons' and Palmer's murders were part of a string of unsolved murders that occurred in the Indian Creek area.
After his arrest for their murders, prosecutors said Scott was also considered a suspect in three other killings along the Indian Creek Trail and in south Kansas City.
At the time of his arrest, the murder of Harmeyer was not mentioned as one for which he was a suspect.
Baker said investigators were able to use DNA evidence to link Scott to the murders of Gibbons and Palmer.
“Surveillance video showed our victim, Steven Gibbons, on an ATA bus. A man exits that bus with him and is seen following him, getting closer and closer and closer. The man following the victim is carrying and drinking from a bottle and the camera pans away at the time of the homicide. DNA from a screwtop bottle found at Gibbons homicide scene matched the DNA found on a shirt also at the Palmer homicide scene. DNA from a cigarette that Scott was smoking was also matched from that bottle and KCPD detectives recovered that cigarette after Scott identified himself to police,” Peters-Baker said.
In June, more than a month after Mike Darby's murder, police released a video of a person they wanted to identify. The video showed a figure with a backpack walking down a path along Indian Creek Trail the same day Darby was murdered. The video appears to have been recorded at 5:47 a.m. Police found Darby's body around 6:30 a.m. on May 18th after he was discovered by a bicyclist. Prosecutors say Scott admitted to them that he's the man in the video but he has not been charged with Darby's murder.
Police said that while there is no physical evidence to tie together the murders of the four men, they did point out that all four victims are white men and three of them were walking their dogs either on the trail or close to the trail. Detectives noted the pattern and say all four investigations are active.
Scott has been in custody in the Jackson County jail with bond set at $500,000.
Look for more about Karen Harmeyer on fox4kc.com and FOX 4 newscasts as we find out more information.
Baker released several other photos of Fredrick Scott, in the hopes that someone in the public might recognize him and be able to provide information to law enforcement.
“We are especially interested in his acquisition, his use and disposal of guns and ammunition. Now if you heard shots in the area of these homicides, we're asking you to please call us. If you've seen the defendant in any of the area of these crimes, or generally in the south Kansas City area, please call us. Any little piece of information may very well be of great value to this team standing around me,” Baker said.
By Nathan Vicar
(WYCD) Set times have been revealed for the 36th annual 99.5 WYCD Hoedown, presented by RAM Trucks, at DTE Energy Music Theatre on Friday, June 1.
This year's Hoedown will feature main stage performances from Dierks Bentley, Brothers Osborne and LANCO.
[Purchase Hoedown tickets here]
High Valley, Walker McGuire, Paulina Jayne, Tyler Rich, Jimmie Allen and Alan Turner will also be performing on second and third stages located in the DTE parking lot and The Pine Tap, an open-air beer garden which sits on an expensive deck inside DTE's West Entrance.
Doors open for this year's event at 3:30 p.m.
Check out the tentative set time schedule below:
Alan Turner - 3:30 p.m. (Pine Tap Stage)
Jimmie Allen - 4 p.m. (NIN Stage)
Paulina Jayne - 4:30 p.m. (Pine Tap Stage)
Walker McGuire - 5 p.m. (NIN Stage)
Tyler Rich - 5:30 p.m. (Pine Tap Stage)
High Valley - 6 p.m. (NIN Stage)
LANCO - 7:20 p.m. (Main Stage)
Brothers Osborne - 8:05 p.m. (Main Stage)
Dierks Bentley - 9:20 p.m. (Main Stage)
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Kemper Arena could have new owners soon.
There's a group that wants to buy the arena and turn it into a youth and amateur sports complex. A city committee is scheduled to vote on the sale Wednesday.
The building would only sell for $1, but the city says they will save more than $1-million a year in upkeep on the arena, once it's sold. If the committee passes it, the plan goes to the full council for approval.
Back in 2004, FOX 4's John Pepitone did a story about the future of Kemper Arena and how it would compete with the then-proposed Sprint Center.
Watch that “FOX 4 Flashback” report below.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
FTW staffers Steven Ruiz and Nick Schwartz have been watching and writing about The Bachelorette all season – and the competition is approaching the closing stages with only six men remaining after six episodes. You can check out Nick's weekly Bachelorette Power Rankings here, or read Steven's breakdown of the NFL players' performances here.
Who has been the best guy on the show?
Steven Ruiz: As much as I want to pick Clay or Colton because their NFL ties, I have to take Leo. He may not have won Becca's heart with his dominant — some may say LeBron-esque — display during the dodgeball date, but he won mine. He also seems like the most normal dude in the house. Well, relatively speaking. Nobody who wants to be on a reality TV show is normal. Sadly, I don't think he has a chance to win barring a dramatic turnaround. I'd cut the hair as a last ditch effort.
Nick Schwartz: We've already seen maybe a half-dozen guys on the show say they're in the process of falling in love with Becca or are already over the edge, and while not all of them are as transparently fake as Jean Blanc, I get the feeling that some of them are overstating their emotions to get a leg up in the competition.
Leo‘s date with Becca in Episode 6 felt entirely different than the rest, and while I know Steven will disagree with me about his compatibility with Becca, he's got a refreshing no-BS approach. I'm fully on board the Leo-as-next-Bachelor bandwagon should be not win Becca's heart this season.
Who has been the worst guy on the show?
SR: It's Chris and it's not even close. And that's saying a lot considering Garrett's social media activity and Lincoln's, well, criminal activity. Somehow, Chris was far easier to hate. He's petulant, obnoxious, entitled and just flat out lame. He was basically Ben Stiller's character in Dodgeball, only not funny. A lot of people might pick Jordan, or even David, as the worst guy in the house, but at least they provided me with entertainment. Chris provided nothing but cringe-worthy moments.
Looks like Chris has a new song to write. #TheBachelorette pic.twitter.com/9E8dOt3cII — The Bachelorette (@BacheloretteABC) July 3, 2018
NS: For the longest time I thought Jordan was truly awful and only looking to promote himself as a model, until I considered that he might actually have been a secret agent working for Becca to get rid of undesirable men. He somehow won that extremely petty feud with David, though, and I warmed up to Jordan over time.
Chris is the easy choice here, and I'm almost afraid to watch him on Bachelor In Paradise later this year. He's unhinged.
I'm going to pick Kamil, the guy who decided it'd be a good idea to joke that Becca meet him 60-40 (in his favor) when stepping out of the limo for the first time. That's a special level of idiocy.
Has Becca made any mistakes with her final six guys?
SR: I know Bachelorette Twitter, which is not nearly as terrible as I expected it to be, loves Grocery Store Joe and Venmo John, but I'm going to say no for the simple fact that I have no idea who she'll eliminate next week. I'm skeptical of Jason — it's the slicked back hair — but Becca seems to like him. I fear Leo's time is running out.
NS: Blake, Leo and Jason are my favorites to emerge as the winner. Becca seems to have a major crush on Colton, who really hasn't been as impressive as the first three guys I listed.
Colton survived Tia-gate and has thrived since then despite not really doing or saying anything remotely memorable or romantic. He seems like Bachelor in Paradise material. I'd swap Colton for Clay, who unfortunately left the show early, or even Venmo John.
Wills is a true gentleman and his facial reactions are consistently the best parts of every episode. I don't think he has the same connection with Becca some of the other guys have, but he's definitely one of the best guys on the show.
Garrett started off strong, and while he's got the social media controversy hanging over him, we can assume that Becca wasn't aware of that during the taping of the show. Just from what we've seen over the first six weeks, Garrett seems like a generally decent person and deserves to be in the final six.
Who is the best fit for Becca?
SR: It's gotta be Blake, right? Colton's relationship history is sketchy. Garrett is probably a bigot. Jason has greasy hair. Leo needs a haircut. And Wills, well, Wills might actually be the correct answer but he seems to be behind Blake, Colton and Garrett in Becca's hierarchy. Blake has no red flags, and Becca has been close to him since the beginning of the season.
NS: He's been on the back-burner for the last few episodes, but I still think Blake and Becca are a natural couple. This is a guy who talked about having kids with her after just a few conversations – and she wasn't freaked out by it.
What has this experience been like for you as a first-time Bachelor(ette) viewer?
SR: The show is as terrible as I expected it to be, but in a totally watchable way. I'm having fun. Mostly because these people make me feel so much better about myself. I will say this: The show does not need to be two hours. It's too long. If they cut out all the times Chris reminded us that he was being “real,” these episodes would be like 45 minutes.
NS: Not only have I never seen The Bachelor or The Bachelorette before, I generally stray away from all reality TV that isn't a cooking competition show. I still think the premise of the show is somewhat insane – how weird must it be for Becca to rotate through a handful of intimate conversations in an evening and kiss five or six different guys? – but the show as a whole is wildly entertaining.
It seems like The Bachelorette could use some fresh date ideas, though. We've already seen two love song lyric writing challenges, and two surprise visits to country music concerts in the span of six weeks. If you want to brainstorm, Chris Harrison, hit me up.
Pope to bishops: Maintain 'zero tolerance' for child abuse
hello
Pope Francis celebrates a new year's Mass in St. Peter's Basilica at the Vatican, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017. Pope Francis has lamented in his New Year's homily societies become "cold and calculating" and bereft of compassion. Associated Press
Pope Francis celebrates a new year's Mass in St. Peter's Basilica at the Vatican, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017. Associated Press
VATICAN CITY -- Pope Francis has exhorted Catholic bishops worldwide to do what's needed to ensure children aren't sexually abused by clergy.
The Vatican on Monday released the text of a Dec. 28 letter Francis sent to bishops about injustices to children such as slave labor, malnutrition and sexual exploitation, including abuse by priests.
In the letter, Francis decries the "sin of what happened, the sin of failing to help, the sin of covering up and denial, the sin of the abuse of power."
Francis tells bishops to "adhere, clearly and faithfully, to 'zero tolerance'" for sex abuse of minors.
The pontiff himself has been criticized by some for not punishing bishops who covered up abuse by reassigning molesters to different parishes.
Francis asks bishops for "complete commitment" so such "atrocities" won't re-occur.
Virat Kholi
Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli are a happily married couple now! They tied the knot in an extravagant countryside 5-star-facility in Tuscany, Italy. Also, the former US President Barack Obama holidayed at the same resort along with his wife Michelle Obama in May 2017 and seven months later Anushka and Virat officially became a couple at the same venue.
The countryside resort 'Borgo Finocchieto' is owned by John Phillips, a former US ambassador to Rome appointed by the Obama administration. The former President arrived in a military jet escorted by the Italian air force and security was beefed up all throughout the village and human movement in and around the resort was banned. Even Virat and Anushka enjoyed the same amount of security at their wedding at the Borgo Finocchieto.
The King of Kings School at Koforidua has instituted a day to showcase the Ghanaian culture. The move is to ensure that the rich Ghanaian culture is adopted and sustained by young people.
The day, dubbed “King of Kings School Day of Culture,” is to be celebrated annually to constantly sensitise the schoolchildren to the rich Ghanaian culture for them to appreciate it.
The Headmaster of the school, Mr Kwame Atsu, said the youth these days did not appreciate the Ghanaian culture and had adopted other western cultures instead.
“We are influenced so much by western culture and it appears we are losing our identity as a people. As Ghanaians, if we do that, we become second rate or counterfeit.”
“As long as we become the counterfeit or second image of others, it means we do not have self-belief and pride. If we don't have self-confidence and pride, it means we do not have what it takes to move on to develop and achieve greater heights,” he emphasised.
Africa, he noted, appeared not to be making a headway in the things it is engaged in and that is due to the neglect of its culture and traditions.
“For me and my administration, we believe that the celebration of our school's Day of Culture will mould and shape children to learn about the rich culture of the country to help build their self-esteem.
“We also celebrate the day to appreciate ourselves and make sure we value ourselves,” the headmaster said.
Mr Atsu said some of the activities the children would be engaged in on the day would be learning how to dance adowa, kete as well as drama performances and drumming.
ABC(READING, Pa.) — There are the regular Philadelphia Eagles fans and then, there are the diehards like Barry “The Hatchet” Vagnoni, who calls himself a “whack job.”
“Some people collect cars. Some people collect coins. I'm into Philadelphia Eagles. That's what I love. That's my passion,” he told ABC News. “Till the day I die, I will always be a Philadelphia Eagles fan. … This is my love. Other than my family, this is my love.”
The Reading, Pennsylvania, father of two and grandfather of six has been an Eagles fan since 1954. In 1960, he and his father were watching, eyes peeled to the family TV, as the Eagles won the world championship against the Green Bay Packers.
Vagnoni called the victory “one of the happiest days of my life.”
For him, Eagles game day is truly a family affair and this Sunday's Super Bowl festivities will be no different.
He and Dawn, his wife of 56 years, typically entertain 125 to 175 people in his 2,000-square-foot, locker-room-type man cave.The 2,000 square-foot space features a 35-foot bar and 16 televisions where guests can watch the game from anywhere, including the bathrooms. Those who attend are known as “locker-room members,” mostly friends and family who must wear a special pass and comply with family-friendly rules.
“Naturally only Philadelphia Eagles fans allowed” Vagnoni told ABC News. “You must wear Eagles gear. No exceptions. No smoking in the locker room. No foul language in the locker room.”
Barry Vagnoni keeps the crowd pumped from his perch on a stage, leading cheers, changing costumes and even beating a drum.
He added the room 13 years ago, and said he was inspired to build the addition after watching the Kevin Costner movie “Field of Dreams.”
The locker room is a basilica for Eagles fans covered with team memorabilia from floor to ceiling and on every walls in between. There are signed jerseys, helmets and spikes as well as photographs, mugs and even a section of turf from the now-razed Veterans Stadium where the Eagles once played.
He told ABC News that although he had an estimate of how much it cost to run the parties, he wouldn't divulge for fear his wife would get mad. He said most of the signed memorabilia in the room comes from his and his wife's participation in various fundraisers and charitable events.
“It's my life's passion,” he told ABC News about the room. “This is the utopia.”
On Sunday, he and Dawn Vagnoni, plan to welcome more than 100 people to the man cave for Super Bowl LII, when the Eagles take on the New England Patriots in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
“This coming Sunday night is just, is my lifelong dream to be able to witness our Eagles in the Super Bowl and hopefully, Lord willing, hopefully they're going to get a win,” he said.
He said he'll also be thinking of his late father, especially this Sunday.
“My dad would be so happy,” Vagnoni said, “There's not a game that goes by that I don't think, while I'm standing up on stage leading the troops, cheering, and getting every body all jacked up, I think ‘Boy, oh boy, Dad, you would really be having a ball.'”
The couple said they are expecting an overflow crowd of fans along with a band, dancers, two smokers and 50 pounds of wings.
Barry Vagnoni said his daughter, a dance teacher, put together several routines for a group to perform during game breaks.
“It's nothing but fun in this room,” he said. “It's a lot of love — win or lose. … It's just one big party.”
All of the food and drinks are free for those in attendance. He said he keeps a jar around in case people want to leave a donation but nothing is expected. Folks can bring things as well.
Dawn Vagnoni said she'd learned of her husband's obsession the day she met him.
The two were born in the same hospital, one day a part, and grew up together as friends. She said Barry Vagnoni is indeed a “super fan.”
“He runs the room. He's the energy in the room,” she said. “Everybody loves him.”
On game day she works behind the scenes, cooking and preparing the food, guarding the door and taking photos of all the guests to guests.
And though Vagnoni said he roots for other Philadelphia teams, he said that none has his heart (and his wallet) like the Eagles.
“You gave me a choice between winning the Powerball and having a Super Bowl victory with my family and my friends, I'll take the Super Bowl victory of my Philadelphia Eagles, any day, any day of the week, any day of the year,” Vagnoni said. “You give me that. … I'll be very, very happy.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Las Vegas Metro police are seeking the public's help in identifying two suspects who may be tied to a string of thefts on the Las Vegas Strip.
Over the course of two days, three thefts took place within blocks from each other. The first theft was reported on April 22 at 6:30 p.m.on the 3600 block of South Las Vegas Boulevard, near Flamingo. The victim was walking to his car in a parking garage when he was approached by the two male suspects who engaged him in conversation before they snatched a bag away from him.
About two hours later, Metro police were dispatched to investigate a case of pickpocketing in the 3700 block of South Las Vegas Boulevard. A victim said he was walking outside of a casino when his belonging were taken from his back pocket, according to a media release.
On April 23, a woman filed a report with police claiming her purse had been taken from her while she was at a casino in the 3600 block of South Las Vegas Boulevard.
Detectives determined two suspects were responsible for all three crimes, a media release said. Police did not provide a detailed description of the suspects. Instead, they shared two surveillance video stills of the suspects.
Anyone with information leading to the arrest of the two suspects is urged to contact the Convention Center Area Command Patrol Investigations Section at 702-828-3204 or to remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
by
Our uniquely American July 4th holiday provides an opportunity to reflect on our freedoms and liberties. However, I must confess that this year I feel kind of a bittersweet sensation as families and friends take time to celebrate the freedoms secured by individuals who left their native countries to find a better life here in America. It is appropriate to commemorate those who saw the courage to pursue their dreams that became America, yet how ironic we celebrate while policies of our government separate children from families and detain them for mustering that same kind of courage in pursuit of a dream for a better life.
While no easy answer is likely to present itself, perhaps the words of American children to those being held that “we are a better country” and “you are not alone” will be sufficient to move our elected officials to find a more compassionate and, yes, a more American approach to immigration than what we have in place today.
Thinking about this Fourth of July, I searched for an inspiring topic and found one in an unusual place, The Washington Post.
Now, I don't mean to be critical of the newspaper, but it's just not a place where a lot of inspiring ideas come from these days. However, a piece caught my eye about how our first President had lived by 110 Rules of Civility and Decency. It caused me to pause and wonder what better way to reflect on our freedoms and liberties this July 4th than to turn to one of our founding fathers for inspiration.
Rather than just use the Rules selected by the Post's writer, I decided to look at the entire list and check out the story…kind of “trust but verify” moment.
It turns out that a young George Washington actually wrote out all 110 Rules as a handwriting lesson. The rules he copied were based on a set of rules composed by French Jesuits in 1595.
“Fake News,” you say….well, maybe. But, a close reading of the story doesn't say Washington composed the rules, only that he wrote them down and lived by them. Hard to fact-check that one.
Regardless, I think the fact that people thought enough about civility and decency in the late 1500s to write out 110 Rules might be something to pay attention to today.
So, as we celebrate our freedom and liberty this week, let's reflect on how we might all benefit from a good deal more civility and decency in the world today….and, let's hope our first President might inspire other leaders just a bit!
You will find the list of 110 Rules in their entirety by clicking on RULES. The list is provided by the Foundations Magazine.
The following is a sampling offered in modern day English:
Treat everyone with respect.
Be considerate of others. Do not embarrass others.
Don't draw attention to yourself.
When you speak, be concise.
Do not argue with your superior. Submit your ideas with humility.
When a person does their best and fails, do not criticize him.
When you must give advice or criticism, consider the timing, whether it should be given in public or private, the manner and above all be gentle.
If you are corrected, take it without argument. If you were wrongly judged, correct it later.
Do not make fun of anything important to others.
If you criticize someone else of something, make sure you are not guilty of it yourself.
Actions speak louder than words.
Wishing you a very safe and happy July 4th!
Craig Fuller served four years in the White House as assistant to President Reagan for Cabinet Affairs, followed by four years as chief of staff to Vice President George H.W. Bush. Having been engaged in five presidential campaigns and run public affairs firms and associations in Washington, D.C., he now resides on the Eastern Shore with his wife Karen.
HOLLYWOOD, FLA. (WSVN) - A man was shot, Wednesday morning, and has been hospitalized.
According to Hollywood Police, a 29-year-old male was shot outside of a private residential community at 3451 Hollywood Drive.
The man was shot in the abdomen and chest, officials said, and has been transported to Memorial Regional Hospital in unknown condition.
A witness reportedly heard the gunshots as he drove by the scene.
Police have not confirmed whether the shooter remained on the scene or fled.
Residents are expected to be allowed in and out of the gated community as the investigation continues.
Police to open gate soon for residents to get in and out. pic.twitter.com/rtupG2czLe — HollywoodFL Police (@HollywoodFLPD) February 15, 2017
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this developing story.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
STUART, Fla. (WSVN) – A fire ripped through the home of a Stuart couple as they were inside on New Year's Day, also ruining a popular nativity scene out on the yard. Thankfully, neighbors helped them escape.
Neighbors rushed to Joann Wilson's rescue as they helped her and her husband escape before the fire spread to their mobile home. “Somebody was knocking on the door saying, ‘There's fire, there's fire get out!'” said Wilson.
“It burnt the trees,” said Wilson. “Fire was in the wall of the mobile home and they had to strip the siding off to get to the wood, and you can see where it is all charred in there.”
The fire was so intense, it melted the rims off a parked car across the street, as well as a popular nativity scene in Stuart.
Wilson and her husband stood outside their home and watched as firefighters battled the blaze.
Now, all that's left of the popular nativity scene is a charred manger frame, burned barrels and debris that was scattered across the property.
As for Wilson's mobile home, there's extensive smoke and structural damage. Her bedroom is missing a part of the wall.
Sunday morning, the Wilson's received some much-needed help from the American Red Cross, plus, a visit from one of the neighbors who helped save their lives.
“One of them came back this morning just to make sure we were OK and I thanked them again,” said Wilson.
Despite losing their home on the first day of the year, Wilson is feeling optimistic about the future. “We can only go upward for 2017,” she said.
Fire officials are still trying to figure out the cause of the fire.
Copyright 2016 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A college football rivalry is about to get some new life with an expected announcement Monday that the University of Wisconsin and Notre Dame will face off in 2020 and 2021.
The games will take place at Lambeau Field in 2020 and Chicago's Soldier Field in 2021, according to the Chicago Tribune.
The two teams have not faced off since 1964.
The two schools' main connection is Wisconsin's athletic director, Barry Alvarez. Before becoming head coach at UW, he was Lou Holtz's defensive coordinator for their 1988 National Championship team - the last the Irish has had in their long, illustrious history.
Wisconsin last played at Soldier Field in 2011, beating Northern Illinois behind quarterback Russell Wilson.
WASHINGTON — The White House doctor nominated to run the Veterans Affairs department will continue to seek confirmation despite concerns about his performance and behavior in his current job that were publicly aired Tuesday.
In a private meeting on Tuesday, President Donald Trump asked Dr. Ronny Jackson about the allegations, a White House official said, and Jackson told him they weren't true. When Trump asked how he wanted to handle the matter, Jackson he wanted to fight the accusations and not drop out, the official said, and Trump agreed to the approach.
Sen. Jon Tester of Montana, the top Democrat on the Veterans' Affairs Committee, laid out the allegations in a CNN interview Tuesday night, saying the committee was investigating allegations from active duty and retired military officers who had worked in the White House medical office and who had come to the committee with numerous complaints, including that Jackson belittled lower-ranking employees, drank to excess on overseas trips, and handed out prescriptions “like candy,” walking down the aisle during flights doling out drugs to help people fall asleep and wake up.
He said that Jackson allegedly was drunk while accompanying President Barack Obama on overseas trips, so that he “couldn't respond because he had been drinking so much,” leaving someone else to fill in. Tester also said that Jackson's treatment of workers created an unbearable work environment.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Amazon to start offering in-car deliveries.
How to dress like a billionaire.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Sanju Teaser Reaction: Ranbir Kapoor | Sanjay Dutt | Rajkumar Hirani | FilmiBeat
The much awaited teaser of Sanjay Dutt's biopic titled Sanju is finally out and Ranbir Kapoor captures the heart, mind and soul of the actor and looks exactly like him in every single frame. From the way he walks to the mannerisms and his body language, Ranbir Kapoor has totally hit the nail right with this one. Most of all, the teaser is very entertaining and will keep you hooked.
View the teaser of Sanju starring Ranbir Kapoor below!
It's such an awesome teaser, right? We're sure you must have clicked the play button at least twice as watching it once will not make you satisfied. The life of Sanjay Dutt had various ups and downs and each decade saw the actor's life take a different turn from the good to bad and vice versa. The best part of it all is that Sanjay Dutt survived every incident and braved everything that was thrown at him.
Even after he was out from the prison, Sanjay Dutt went on to star in Bhoomi. Despite the movie not doing that well at the box office, he has not lost hope and is still doing everything to make it to the top. 'His never say die' attitude is what makes him stand apart from the rest and Rajkumar Hirani has showcased life on the silver screen as he knows him up close and personal.
Steve Spagnuolo used the “E” word — embarrassing — which his head coach has refused to utter.
Spanguolo ripped his defense's horrific performance in last Sunday's 51-17 loss to the Rams, the most points the Giants have allowed at home since 1964.
“There's a pit right here. It's called an embarrassing pit,” the defensive coordinator said Thursday.
McAdoo has refused to call the performance embarrassing, preferring to say “we're disappointed” after the ugly defeat. Veteran cornerback Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie agreed with Spagnuolo.
“You got to be embarrassed,” he said.
Right tackle Justin Pugh was in full pads for the first time since hurting his back against the Seahawks on Oct. 22, and said his back felt good.
“I plan on playing on Sunday,” said Pugh, who was limited in practice for the second straight day.
Linebackers B.J. Goodson (ankle), Keenan Robinson (quad) and Devon Kennard (quad) didn't practice. Defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul (day off) didn't either. Cornerback Donte Deayon (ankle), linebackers Calvin Munson and Jonathan Casillas (neck) and defensive ends Olivier Vernon (ankle) and Kerry Wynn (knee) were limited. Defensive tackle Dalvin Tomlinson (ankle) practiced fully after being limited on Wednesday.
Linebacker Kelvin Sheppard is technically new, but he won't need much time to catch up to be ready for Sunday's game against the 49ers. He played in every game with the Giants last year, making 47 tackles in 11 starts at middle linebacker, before getting brought back Tuesday.
“It's more recall than actual learning the actual plays,” said the 29-year-old Sheppard, who was released by the Bears Sept. 2. “It's more just recalling everything I already knew from last year.”
The Giants were without Goodson and Casillas, their starting middle linebackers, last Sunday against the Rams.
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:38 Flying over Paso Robles in a Ford Tri-Motor airplane
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:53 Salud Carbajal talks about his priorities in Congress
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
On a cold December day, she did something drastic.
The woman went to one of Tehran's busiest streets and climbed onto a utility box. She then removed her headscarf and hung it at the end of a stick. She stood in silence, waving the stick back and forth. She was protesting the compulsory hijab in Iran that has been in place since the Islamic Revolution in 1979.
A couple of the passers-by looked surprised. Some took out their cellphones and snapped pictures and video.
Soon, the footage was shared all over social media. People began to wonder about the woman's identity. No one knew her name. She sparked a sort of collective nickname, "The Girls of Revolution Street" — plural because others began doing the same thing with their headscarves — and Revolution Street is thought to be the site of her demonstration (and where this video was taken). The hashtag #دختران_خیابان_انقلاب took off.
Then, news circulated that she was arrested. And her name was revealed: Vida Movahed. According to human rights lawyers in Iran, she has since been released.
Movahed's action set off similar moves across the country. A handful of women in various cities have been scaling utility boxes — or anything that offers some elevation — and taking off their headscarves and waving them on a stick.
The actions of these women (and some men) have created a buzz.
PRI exchanged messages via social media with a 23-year-old student in Tehran who says she was inspired by the videos and photos. She decided to stage her own act of defiance. She walked the distance between her home and her school bareheaded.
"[...] I felt ashamed that these women put themselves in danger to protest and so I decided to wrap my headscarf around my neck instead of using it to cover my hair," she wrote. "At first I was terrified."
But then, she explained, "I noticed that people are not paying too much attention and they actually don't mind that I am not covered. That gave me strength."
The young woman pointed out that she didn't do this in a terribly crowded area and that a couple of passers-by assumed that her hijab had slipped off.
She said she is not sure if she has the audacity to do what she did again. "It's very scary, I'm sure you understand," she wrote.
On Thursday, Iranian media reported that 29 people have been arrested because of their support of this campaign. The arrests could intimidate would-be protesters.
The young woman PRI reached in Tehran said she hopes that doesn't happen and that the campaign continues. "I am so tired of all the inequality here," she wrote. "It'd be great if this is the start of something bigger in terms of women's rights in Iran."
She says she is not against the hijab altogether — she only wishes women had the option to choose.
From PRI's The World ©2017 PRI
ST. PAUL, Minn. (WCCO) — Following another disappointing loss, the head coach decided to give the team the day off. Kind of.
“I just want them to relax. I mean, look, if you have been in this business long enough, you're not going to take your mind off it,” Bruce Boudreau said. “It's an impossibility. You live with these 24 hours. You go to bed thinking about it, you wake up in the middle of the night thinking about it and you wake up in the morning thinking about it.”
What's frustrating is the opportunities generated don't equal the results.
“You can tweak a lot of things, but I mean — and you're down 3-0 — but it certainly says that you haven't played that bad,” Boudreau said.
So he will try to play the old “We're the underdog” card — anything to loosen his team up.
“In reality, like no one expects us, except the group that we have, to win. So, they should be playing fairly loose,” he said.
Boudreau is well aware of his reputation — do well in the regular season, falter in the postseason. He's also well aware that at this juncture there's not a whole lot he can do about it, except keep trying hard. He's well aware of his past and can only offer effort at this juncture.
“Just think about it 24/7 and believe me, I want to win more than any human on the planet,” he said.
A planet that may not involve the Wild soon.
“The one thing I know about this group is we're not going to quit and we're going to go at them and just, like I said earlier, we're just going to try to win one game,” Boudreau said.
Meltdown Mayhem: Apple Issues Fix as Intel Warns of Trouble
Apple has pushed out a patch to protect macOS users running older versions of the desktop OS from the major Meltdown flaw in Intel's CPUs, following the original fix aimed at High Sierra (10.13).
This patch is for Sierra and El Capitan, the previous two incarnations of macOS (versions 10.12 and 10.11 respectively). As CNET spotted, Apple posted about the security updates on its support site. To get protected, check for new updates in the App Store.
Back at the start of January, Apple said it had already protected users against Meltdown in macOS High Sierra.
If you're running a version of Apple's desktop operating system prior to El Capitan, of course, you're out of luck here.
There are still no known exploits levelled against Meltdown (or the other big bug, Spectre, which affects other processors, not just Intel), but the likelihood is that the bad guys out there may be close to weaponizing an exploit.
Stability Woes
Of course, at the beginning of the week, Intel warned against installing 'current versions' of Meltdown and Spectre patches in general -- following instability problems that have hit some PCs -- but presumably that caveat doesn't pertain to these patches from Apple.
Intel's aforementioned warning applied to manufacturers and software developers as well as end-users, and if these fixes were problematic, you'd hope Apple wouldn't have released them yet -- plus these mitigations have already been applied to High Sierra at the start of the month, as mentioned, with no apparent issues.
Still, given Intel's warning, some of the more cautious folks out there may still be a little reticent to go ahead and patch, and may feel that it's prudent to wait a little longer, at least while there isn't a known exploit being leveraged against Meltdown -- which just underlines how much of a PR nightmare this thing is turning into for Intel.
Enter stage left Linus Torvalds to chuck just a little more fuel onto the fire from a Linux perspective. As Extremetech reports, he called Intel's fixes for these bugs "complete and utter garbage," never being one to mince his words.
According to emails he has sent, Torvalds is particularly unhappy about the Spectre fix for Linux machines, accusing it of being bloated and containing 'redundant junk,' and also criticizing it for being optional, among other things. Not a happy bunny doesn't quite cover it.
© 2018 T-break Tech under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Apple.
Read more on: Cybercrime, Cybersecurity, Cyberattack, Hackers, Spectre, Intel, Apple, macOS
CTV Vancouver
Investigators with the Vancouver police are appealing for witnesses as they try to piece together a deadly tour bus crash near Canada Place.
A 49-year-old pedestrian was killed and two others were injured after a bus owned by The Vancouver Trolley Company struck them and a parked SUV near the downtown Vancouver waterfront Sunday morning.
Police have confirmed all three victims were tourists from Massachusetts and were all related. An elderly man remains in serious condition.
“We are co-operating with the Vancouver Police Department's Collision Investigation Unit, who are leading the investigation into this incident,” VTC general manager Stuart Coventry said Monday. “We are hoping for more answers to this tragic incident.”
Coventry said the bus driver has been with the company for seven years and “has an excellent service and driving record,” confirming the driver is still employed by VTC, but is taking time off.
“He and all of the staff at Vancouver Trolley are devastated by this very difficult situation,” Coventry said.
Police said the bus, a free shuttle to the Capilano Suspension Bridge, struck a group of pedestrians and an SUV on Canada Place Way near Burrard Street shortly before 10 a.m.
The victims appeared to be either loading or unloading luggage into the SUV when they were struck, according to witnesses.
They were left trapped underneath the bus after the collision. First responders were able to pull the 49-year-old out and perform CPR at the scene, but he couldn't be saved.
The other victims, an elderly man who was seriously hurt and a 15-year-old girl who suffered minor injuries, were also transported to hospital for treatment.
VTC also offered its condolences to the families of those affected, adding that the company is trying to contact those injured through the Vancouver Police Department.
"We are shocked and saddened and our focus right now is on the people who were injured and the families of those injured and deceased," Coventry said.
Police are asking anyone who witnessed the crash to contact investigators at 604-506-2024.
With files from CTV Vancouver's Breanna Karstens-Smith
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Review: My Morning Jacket's Jim James Reworks Brian Wilson, Sonny and Cher on Second Covers Set
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
Manufacturer: Cooler Master
UK price (as reviewed): MSRP £199 (inc. VAT)
US price (as reviewed): MSRP $199 (exc. tax)
Normally we expect to see product ranges being refreshed after the big trade shows such as Computex, which happens next week in fact, but Cooler Master's latest addition to its MasterCase range of cases is another in a long line of new tempered glass-clad models that are built around a similar chassis, and there are more to come as well. This particular model, like the H500P we reviewed recently, comes equipped with a pair of 200mm RGB fans with the boon of these being addressable with individually-controlled LEDs, but there's plenty more here compared to the H500P for the extra £50 you'll be spending.
There are a number of accessories in the box, the largest of which is a tempered glass replacement fascia for the front panel. This can be swapped with the rectangular mesh panel in place out of the box, allowing a clearer view of the front RGB fans as well perhaps lowering noise levels a tad too. However, there are large mesh sections either side of this interchangeable area that should mean the impact on airflow is lessened. It's a nice touch, and while you need to remove the entire front section to do it, it's easily detached, and you'll then be able to get at the screws that hold the interchangeable panels in place.
The front panel has a handy four USB 3.0 ports plus the usual buttons and audio jacks, but being a £200 case you expect something more than these, and sure enough, Cooler Master has included a USB 3.1 Type-C port too that uses a proper/Gen 2 connector too and isn't just powered off another USB 3.0 header. The downside to the panel, though, is that it's supremely glossy and attracts dust more readily than Daenerys Targaryen does dragons. We'd much prefer a soft-touch finish here, if only for this reason.
The roof comes equipped with a single sheet of tempered glass as standard, and this isn't removable. The case does sport decent water-cooling potential, though, and as there's scope for mounting fans and radiators in the roof, Cooler Master has built-in large mesh sections adjacent to it, again to allow the case to breathe up here, and they're large enough to be relatively effective, unlike some Phanteks cases we've seen where they're just too small to be useful.
The underside has the usual removable dust filter for the PSU that pulls out of the rear of the case. The front section requires the entire panel to be pulled off revealing a fixed fine mesh filter underneath, but as we mentioned earlier, that panel comes off relatively easily and doesn't need to be yanked off with a huge amount of force like some cases. The steel and plastic construction is certainly sturdy, but it's a little too plastic-laden for our liking given its price tag, especially when compared to the likes of the MasterCase Maker 5t.
Specifications
Houssem Ben Haj Amor, General Manager of Shuaa, Jasem Al Seddiqi and Jasem Al Ali, Chief Executive Offlcer First Gulf Properties and Mismak Properties, during the press conference at Emirates Towers.
Dubai: The new majority shareholder Abu Dhabi Financial Group (ADFG) plans to revive loss-making Shuaa and has a number of plans to achieve that goal, according to new chairman Jasem Al Seddiqi.
Al Seddiqi, who is also the chief executive officer of ADFG, plans to rebuild the legacy of the company as the leading investment house in the region. He says Shuaa will aim to double its assets under management from its current Dh1.8 billion, and is actively looking at acquisitions, as it seeks to leverage balance sheet, and exit some legacy investments and redeploy resources.
“I'm very confident that we will achieve our target of raising our assets under management (AuM) at Shuaa by the end of 2017 to Dh5 billion,” Al Seddiqi told journalists on Monday. Shuaa targets an AuM of Dh9 billion by 2020.
And the company wants to become profitable in the first quarter of 2017. “We are confident that the first quarter of 2017 would be a profitable one for Shuaa. This will reinforce our intentions to make Shuaa a profitable business again,” Al Seddiqi said.
Shuaa reported a narrow loss of Dh132.5 million in 2016, continuing its streak. Total revenues came in at Dh173.8 million compared to Dh178.2 million in 2015.
For the fourth quarter to December, the company registered a significant reduction in losses. The company reported a loss of Dh18.9 million compared to Dh161.8 million in the same period last year. The company reported revenues of Dh35.1 million down from Dh40.1 million quarter on quarter.
Shuaa's balance sheet and total assets at year-end stood at Dh1.3 billion. The company has Dh346.6 million in cash.
Profitability
The profitability, according to the new ceo, would be driven by all subsidiaries, like financing body, asset management, investment banking, capital markets division.
“Most of the profitability would be driven by the GFC [Gulf Finance Corporation] this year,” Al Seddiqi said. Shuaa wants to switch gears in the Gulf Finance Corporation, which is a unit of Shuaa, to asset backed lending, and wants double digit returns.
Going ahead, in addition to the UAE market, Shuaa plans to focus on Saudi Arabia in addition to Egyptian markets. Shuaa wants to acquire companies for growth in which they see synergy, Al Seddiqi said, declining to give any concrete details. The company is expecting to get atleast one initial public offering in the UAE markets.
“Hopefully we want to list them at the end of year. We are confident we would be doing atleast two companies this year,” he added.
On challenges, Al Seddiqi said “market situation is a challenge, talent acquisition is a challenge. Nothing is easy.”
But despite all the challenges, in all, Al Seddiqi wants Shuaa to be “the same way as it was in good old days.”
“We want to be top 5 retail broker in the UAE, we want to be the best house for providing investment advice, and we want to be leading regional market maker,” Al Seddiqi said.
LEGAZPI CITY — The Department of Health (DOH) in Bicol is urging the public to take precautions to ward off diseases common at the onset...
Love the wilderness? Have an extensive knowledge of the local backcountry? Willing to volunteer 300 hours per year for no compensation? North Shore Rescue might have the perfect opportunity for you.
The group is looking for six to eight new members to join the team this spring.
Successful applicants will undergo two years of extensive training including wilderness first aid and search and rescue certification.
"North Shore Rescue's a big part of this community and I think it's just a rewarding way to volunteer your time,” said team leader Mike Danks.
Qualified volunteers must live near the North Shore and be prepared to set out into the backcountry at a moment's notice – even with nasty weather rolling in.
"We've got some older members that are not as involved in getting out in the field,” said Danks. “And that's what we are really looking for, some newer members that are what we call ground pounders."
The team is available for callouts 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
In addition to time spent searching for missing and injured hikers and skiers, new recruits can expect to spend a lot of time doing equipment maintenance and inventory and working on educating the public about wilderness preparedness and safety.
Currently, women only make up about 10 per cent of the 40-person team which is something members would like to see change with this recruiting drive.
"It's a very warm, receptive team to be a part of and we welcome anyone,” said emergency room nurse Kayla Brolly.
She joined the team five years ago and says successful rescues make the time commitment worth it.
"The recent avalanche on Cypress was very emotional for me in a very positive way because we were able to see this person, get him out safely, and see him return home,” said Brolly.
The deadline for applying to the team is April 18 and more information can be found on North Shore Rescue's website.
Both embedded images show Kayla Brolly taking part in a North Shore Rescue operation.
04/17/17 – 11:36 P.m.
City Council met to talk about appropriating $1.5 million to the capital fund. Councilwoman Holly Frische said that they should find another way to fund city projects.
Holly Frische
The money is needed to get started on several second quarter projects. City auditor Jim Staschiak said that council can fund projects from the general fund. The money will come back to the general fund after the project is completed.
Council will see the legislation at their Tuesday meeting.
The team logo fills the center of the room in the clubhouse of the Texas Rangers newly renovated spring training facility as seen during a media tour on Thursday, Feb. 18, 2016, in Surprise, Ariz. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
The Japanese free-agent market has not yet closed for the Texas Rangers.
The Seibu Lions, of the Japan Pacific League, said on Monday that they have submitted the paperwork for right-hander Kasuhisa Makita to be posted. Major League Baseball is expected to approve the request.
Makita, 33, has been a starter and a reliever during his career in Nippon Pro Baseball. In 58 relief appearances last season, Makita had a 2.59 ERA with 59 hits allowed in 62 2/3 innings.
Makita, who uses a submarine delivery, has had exceptional command. He allowed only five walks last season and has averaged 2.0 walks per nine innings for his seven seasons with the Lions.
When Makita is posted, all major-league teams can negotiate with him. If a team signs Makita, it must pay $20 million to the Lions.
The Rangers were among seven finalists for Japanese two-way standout Shohei Ohtani. He signed with the Los Angeles Angels on Friday.
India will hold a maritime dialogue with China and Russia soon.
The dates for Chinese Defence Minister General Wei Fenghe's visit to India are being finalized, according to sources.
The move is a bid to strengthen relationships with the two countries.
The announcement comes a day after a high level Chinese Army delegation reached Sukna, West Bengal on Monday for a close interaction with their Indian counterparts, putting behind the acrimony of Doklam episode.
The Chinese delegation led by Lt Gen Liu Xiaowu, Deputy Commander of Western Theatre Command, comprised of 10 senior military officials.
This visit by the delegation to the military headquarters at Sukna is being seen as a significant step towards increasing interactions at military commander's level and implementation of various agreements to maintain peace and tranquillity at the borders.
The visit is in line with the commitment of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Chinese President Xi Jinping who during the informal summit at Wuhan on April 27-28 had reaffirmed the need to strengthen bilateral ties.
Abrahahaminte Santhathikal - Oru Police Story is one among the highly anticipated ventures of Mammootty and the film will mark the directorial debut of Shaji Padoor, who has had years of experience working as an associate director in Mollywood.
The shoot of the film had commenced early in the month of January 2018. Now, according to the latest reports, the shoot of the film has been completed and the same was announced through the official Facebook page of the movie.
Take a look at the Facebook post regarding the same..
Abrahaminte Santhathikal was shot in various locations in and around Kochi. Nothing much has been revealed about the storyline of the Mammotty starrer, which has been scripted by The Great Father fame Haneef Adeni. Earlier, it was announced that the satellite rights of the film have already been sold. Reportedly, the satellite rights of the film have been bagged by Surya TV.
Mammootty's look from the film has been kept under the wraps and is yet to be revealed officially. The audiences are also eagerly looking forward for the first official poster of this much awaited venture. Ineterstingly, the fan made poster of the film also had gained a lot of attention. Reportedly, Mammootty will be seen essaying a character named Derick Abraham, who is an Assistant Commissioner Of Police by profession. Abrahaminte Santhathikal is being produced by TL George and Joby George under the banner Goodwill Entertainments.
Apart from Mammootty, young actor Anson Paul will also be seen essaying a crucial role in this much awaited venture. Abrahaminte Santhathikal also features Kaniha, Siddique, Renji Panicker, Suraj Venjaramoodu, Kalabhavan Shajon etc., in important roles. Editor-turned-filmmaker Mahesh Narayanan, whose directorial debut Take Off emerged as a big commercial and critcal success, will be handling the editing department of the movie. The makers are yet to make an official announcement regarding the exact release date of the movie.
2:01
What does ‘home' mean in Arroyo Grande? AGHS grads' play tells the story
1:48
Cal Poly grad's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
1:09
(NEXSTAR MEDIA) — *This analysis is for entertainment purposes only. Using this information to contravene any law or statute is prohibited.
**Seriously, don't take this seriously. Prop bets are fun but are a farce. This is a crapshoot and you have to be off your rocker to take this advice.
Whether you like football or not, the Super Bowl is a great time to get together with friends and eat a lot of delicious food. It's practically a national holiday (in fact, I'm actively campaigning to make the Monday after the Super Bowl a true national holiday).
But if you're not a fan of the Patriots or Eagles, or you think the Patriots will roll the Eagles to win yet another Super Bowl, there's still a way to make the game more exciting: prop bets.
Every year, sportsbooks offer a range of props, or side, bets tied to the Super Bowl. Bettors can gamble on everything from in-game stats to the halftime show to the number of times Donald Trump will tweet during the game.
The great thing about prop bets is you don't have to be an experienced gambler to get in on the action. Even the greenest of football newbies can have fun with props. And let's be honest, sports betting is a coin flip anyway (speaking of coin flips, you can place a bet on whether the pregame coin toss will land on heads or tails: 1/1 odds either way).
Before we dive into some of my favorite prop bets from Super Bowl LII, here are the early gambling lines for the game.
The opening line was New England -5.5, but early action on Philadelphia moved that to New England -5. New England is -190 on the money line (bet $190 to win $100) and the over/under is 48.5.
Betting the spread, money line or over/under is all well and good, but the problem is you don't know if your bet pays out until the end of the game. With that in mind, here are my favorite prop bets to provide you entertainment all night long.
How long will Pink's rendition of the national anthem take?
This is one of the more popular prop bets each year. According to my (highly scientific) research (on Reddit), the general consensus is to take the over on this bet. The over/under is set at exactly two minutes.
Take the over.
(For the record, country star Luke Bryan sang it in 2 minutes, 9 seconds last year.)
How many times will the word “Dilly” be said during the broadcast?
The Bud Light ad campaign is taking the world by storm. You can't get on the internet these days without seeing a “dilly dilly” GIF or meme. The over/under for this bet is set at 12.5.
I'm taking the over.
How many commercials will Peyton Manning appear in during the game?
Retired NFL quarterback Peyton Manning is making quite a name (and a few dollars) appearing in commercials. Everything from Papa John's ads to Nationwide Insurance commercials (sing it with me: “Pey-ton's always on TV”), you can't watch an NFL game without seeing Manning. The over/under for this bet is set at 2.5.
Will Al Michaels or Cris Collinsworth say “GOAT?”
Whether you're a fan of the Patriots and quarterback Tom Brady or not (full disclosure: I'm a huge fan), it's hard to dispute that the quarterback and his hoodie-loving coach Bill Belichick are the greatest of all time at their respective professions. But will the announcing duo say “GOAT” during the broadcast? Bet “Yes” and wager $100 to win $360, or bet “No” and wager $500 to win $100.
I'm betting they will let one “GOAT” slip during the broadcast.
Will there be a wardrobe malfunction during Justin Timberlake's halftime show? (Must expose intimate part of body)
In case you don't remember, the last time Mr. Timberlake appeared on Super Bowl halftime show, the year was 2004. At the end of said halftime show, JT and Janet Jackson had a “wardrobe malfunction,” exposing Jackson's breast for the world to see. (Interesting trivia to impress your friends: New England was also in the Super Bowl year, downing Carolina for Brady's second championship.)
Bet “Yes” and $100 wins you $1,500. Bet “No” and $4,000 nets you $100.
Timberlake knows better than the risk pissing off the FCC. No way this happens.
How will JT make his entrance to the halftime show?
If you remember last year's halftime show, Lady Gaga appeared to dive off the top of NRG Stadium in Houston to the stage. So how will Timberlake make his grand entrance? MyTopSportsBooks.com has a few ideas:
Zipline: 2/1
Car: 5/1
Motorcycle: 7/1
Jet pack: 15/1
Dog Sled: 20/1
Parachute: 50/1
My bet is on the jet pack. If you're lucky, the jet pack will cause a wardrobe malfunction, so consider parlaying this with the previous prop and win big.
And finally, my favorite prop bet from this year's game:
What will the weather be like for the game?
Snow: 2/3
Sunny Skies: 4/1
Sleet: 9/1
Hail: 20/1
Rain: 100/1
Hurricane: 10,000/1
Locusts: 1,000,000/1
FIELD (anything other than the above): 20/1
Let's be honest here. I'm putting $1 on “Locusts” so I have a chance to be a millionaire – right before the locusts eat my house.
Happy betting!
Four migrants were fighting for their lives on Friday after being shot during a giant brawl in Calais, in what the French government called an “intolerable” escalation of violence in a port that serves as a gateway to Britain.
Twenty-two people were hospitalised with injuries after three fights across the city on Thursday that drew in hundreds of the migrants camped out in the hope of stowing away on trucks bound for England, according to officials.
Four Eritreans between 16 and 20 years old were shot in the neck, chest, abdomen and spine at a food distribution point, and remained in critical condition Friday evening. A fifth who was also shot was not facing life-threatening injuries.
Police were searching for a 37-year-old Afghan, a suspected migrant smuggler, over the attack.
“It sounds like score-settling: the person or persons responsible for the gunfire arrived at the food distribution area near the hospital where the Eritrean community was gathered and immediately opened fire,” an official at the prosecutor's office in the nearby town of Boulogne-sur-Mer said.
A number of other migrants sustained stab wounds in the other melees sparked by the incident.
There were no signs of tension at the site of the attack on Friday, but, according to an official source, raids by states services “intensified”, with several buses taking mainly Afghan migrants to other centres in the region.
French President Emmanuel Macron, speaking during a visit to Senegal Friday, said France would deal with the situation in a “humane and efficient manner”, adding that new reception centres would be opened in the coming weeks.
But he stressed the distinction between bona fide asylum seekers and economic migrants.
“Those who arrive illegally, and who don't have the right to asylum, we will send back to their country of origin,” Macron said.
Interior Minister Gerard Collomb, who visited the scene in Calais, said the recurring brawls had become “intolerable for the people of Calais and the migrants” and told those with dreams of Britain to stay away.
The violence in Calais comes two weeks after Macron visited the city with a message of zero tolerance on migrants setting up camps like the sprawling “Jungle” which was razed in 2016.
Collomb blamed the tensions in Calais on smugglers who reportedly charge as much as 2,500 euros to sneak migrants onto trucks crossing the Channel by ferry or through the Eurotunnel.
“These networks must be broken up,” he said Friday, announcing police reinforcements for the area.
The deaths happened when shots were fired on Thursday during a standoff between Eritreans and Afghans.
“There were migrants who had no money, the smugglers got angry and fired shots,” an 18-year-old Afghan migrant, who gave his name as Daniel, said while waiting in near-zero temperatures for tea and bread from a charity on Friday.
Shortly afterwards, over 100 Eritreans armed with iron rods and sticks attacked a group of around 20 Afghans at another food distribution point next to an industrial estate, prosecutors said.
Police intervened to protect the Afghans, the authorities said.
Two police officers were injured during the clashes.
Collomb appealed to migrants to stay away from Calais, saying the government would not allow them to settle there.
Calling Calais “a wall which the migrants are slamming into”, he said: “The message I want to get across is that if you want to go to Britain, it's not here you should come.”
- with AFP
Seoul: President Michel Aoun and a high-ranking delegation arrived in the Egyptian capital on Monday, the first leg of a trip that will also include a stop in Amman, Jordan.
President Abdul Fattah Al Sissi welcomed his Lebanese counterpart although Aoun to coordinate, if possible, the two countries' policies. The trip was important as this is the head-of-state's third official state visit after he travelled to Saudi Arabia and Qatar, where he breached the regional situation with King Salman bin Abdul Aziz and Shaykh Tamim bin Hamad. As with these earlier contacts, Aoun wished to coordinate with Al Sissi on how best to address the ongoing fight against extremism although all of his interlocutors concentrated on Hezbollah and its role in Syria, Iraq and Yemen, among other hot spots.
Partly to address Al Sissi's concerns, Aoun told the Egyptian television channel CBC on Sunday that “as long as Israel continues to occupy Lebanese territory, envies the small country's natural resources (water and oil), and as long as the Lebanese Armed Forces (LAF) do not have the required capabilities to face Israel, he feels that the weapons in the hands of Hezbollah are necessary.”
This was a bold statement and though the CBC interview provided Aoun a platform to discuss the importance of President Bashar Al Assad in holding Syria together, his focus was mainly on Hezbollah's presence in the neighboring country, which he perceived as a positive development.
The President of the Republic responded to a particularly strong question about Hezbollah's military deployments on various Syrian battlefields as valuable additions to regional instability. He pointed out that the Shiite militia intervened in the fighting in Syria only when Lebanon was confronted with the terrorist threat. He specifically identified infiltrations in Arsal and Wadi Khalid, along the border, as the necessary rationale, adding: “Hezbollah's presence in Syria is directed against terrorist organizations on the ground like Daech and the Al Nusrah Front”, though his assertion that the party does not interfere “in the regional struggle” was not accurate. In fact, such interferences prompted the Gulf Cooperation Council states to designate Hezbollah a terrorist organization.
Cairo also designated Hezbollah a terrorist organisation in the aftermath of the April 2009 Hezbollah plot in Egypt that involved the arrest of 49 men by Egyptian authorities. At the time, Egypt accused those detained as being Hezbollah agents planning attacks against Israeli and Egyptian targets throughout the Sinai Peninsula. In response to the arrests, Hassan Nasrallah accused Cairo of mistreating the Palestinians after the 2008 War in Gaza. He lamented the closing of the Rafah crossing that, the Chairman of the Party said, made Egypt a “partner in the killing of Palestinians by the Israeli Defense Forces”, a declaration that angered Cairo.
As part of another interview on Sunday, this time with Al Ahram, President Aoun defended Hezbollah, noting first that the Shiite militia was targeted by the UN resolution 1559 for various reasons, but chiefly “because of its opposition to Israel”. He added that the agreement with Hezbollah allowed him to no longer merely be confined to a specific community and become “national resistance” which raised eyebrows among many Lebanese who did not accept this interpretation.
It was unclear whether the President was sharing his personal views or revealing a new State policy, especially when he underscored that the LAF and Hezbollah complemented each other and that the party's strength did not weaken the State.
Asked whether during his visit to Saudi Arabia the issue of Hezbollah as a terrorist organization was raised by King Salman, Aoun replied that this issue had not been addressed because Hezbollah members were Lebbanese citizens who inhabited the South and are not mercenaries like those who came from other countries fighting in Syria”.
Aoun and his delegation, which includes the Minister of Finance Ali Hassan Khalil, the Minister of Foreign Affairs Gebran Bassil, the Minister of the Interior Nouhad Al Mashnouq, the Minister of the Economy Raed Khoury, and the State Minister for Presidential Affairs Pierre Raffoul, will meet with their counterparts for in-depth exchanges though Baabda Palace did not issue a formal agenda. Observers noted that the head of General Security, Major General Abbas Ebrahim, accompanied the president too, which hinted that counter-terrorism measures were probably high on the list of items that leaders of the two countries were bound to address.
On Tuesday, Aoun was scheduled to fly to Amman, at the invitation of Jordanian King Abdullah II.
‘Game of Thrones' is infamous for killing off characters. No one is safe in Westeros. But after six seasons you forget just how many characters have been killed off by the show's writers.
So, to get ready for the upcoming season check out this compilation of every major death scene, if you can make it through the full 21 minutes of watching some of your favorite characters bite the dust…
Via Mashable
Monday trading in U.S. stocks was another reminder that investors have short memories.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell about 336 points, or 1.4%, to 24,611 points. The venerable stock index is now down slightly for 2018. But maybe we can still consider the glass to be half full, rather than half empty.
On Monday (March 19), shares of Facebook Inc. FB, -6.77% declined 6.8% as some investors grew despondent over the uproar over the company's disclosure that a company tied to President Trump's 2016 election campaign gathered and retained data from millions of Facebook users without their permission. Facebook is not a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -1.35% but the stock's hammering set the stage for a bad day for technology stocks and U.S. stocks overall.
More on the Facebook fallout:
Facebook sheds more than $40 billion of market cap as investors flee stock
Facebook election issues push investors toward Twitter and Snap
Social-media ETF falls with Facebook set for biggest drop since November 2016
Dow summary
All components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average were down Monday, except for Boeing Co. BA, +0.39% which was up slightly. Boeing has risen 12.5%, excluding dividends, this year. In 2017, it was the best Dow performer, with the shares soaring 89%.
Here are the Dow 30 sorted by Monday's declines:
These figures include price changes. Dividends aren't included.
Despite the carnage Monday and the overall decline for the index this year, 13 of the Dow 30 are up for 2018, and three — Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, -1.64% Boeing and Intel Corp. INTC, -0.66% — have increased by double digits.
This performance follows 2017's strength, when 21 of the 30 stocks were up by double digits (again, excluding dividends). So if you are lamenting the state of the market, keep in mind that the year is young, earnings estimates have been increasing and if you consider how much the market has been climbing and for how long, you might not be doing so badly.
David Kilmer a 51-year-old from Fishkill, New York, allegedly arrived to a DWI Victim Impact Panel meeting with a blood alcohol content three times over the legal limit and was arrested when he tried to drive away. Creative Commons
The Power 20 Countdown
Fridays 4-6pm
04/07/17
(1) 1. LOST IN THE MOMENT-NF-Two Weeks!
(2) 2. OUT OF THIS WORLD-FAMILY FORCE 5
(4) 3. CHANGE THE WORLD-DEREK MINOR
(6) 4. LIGHTS SHINE BRIGHT-TOBY MAC
(3) 5. THERAPY SESSION-NF
(5) 6. THE RESISTENCE-SKILLET
(7) 7. CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT-HOLLYN
(8) 8. FREE-TEDASHII
(9) 9. BLESSINGS-LECRAE
(10) 10. GET DOWN GET DOWN-KJ 52
(11) 11. STOP ME-CHRISTON GRAY
(12) 12. POP OUT REVENGE-SOCIAL CLUB MISFITS
(14) 13. BEST OF ME REMIX-JORDAN FELIZ
(13) 14. INFINITE-BUILT BY TITAN
(18) 15. HOW GOOD-SOCIAL CLUB MISFITS
(19) 16. DANGEROUS-BUILT BY TITAN
(17) 17. NAH BRUH-KJ-52
(15) 18. LOVE IS ACTION-TAUREN WELLS
(16) 19. LATE NIGHTS-GAWVI
(*) 20. ALL THE MONEY-BRITT NICOLE
ABC(PUNXSATAWNEY, Penn.) — Bundle up! Punxsutawney Phil, the world-famous groundhog, emerged from his burrow in western Pennsylvania and saw his shadow Friday morning, predicting another six weeks of winter.
As the sun rose at Gobbler's Knob in Punxsatawney, Pennsylvania, the groundhog's handlers — known as the “Inner Circle” — coaxed him out of his hole to issue his forecast just before 7:25 a.m. Eastern Time. Spectators, seemingly unfazed by the bitter cold, watched and danced to music as the handlers announced Phil's prediction.
Since 1887, Phil has predicted more winter 104 times, including this year. He has forecast an early spring just 18 times, when his shadow has eluded him, according to records. Ten years of Phil's predictions are missing from the record.
Phil's Canadian counterpart, an albino groundhog named Wiarton Willie, also spotted his shadow Friday morning.
Whether you trust the weather forecasts of furry rodents, the National Weather Service suggested that February will have colder-than-normal temperatures in the northern and northeastern United States, with abnormally warm weather in the West.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Lake park gets year off right with hike
Lake Waccamaw Park Ranger Brannon Bryson leads a hike on New Year's Day at the state park. The statewide event at many parks drew 20 people here, most of whom were from out of the county, including Charlotte and and High Point.
Zeidan Kasulis, 6, hikes with his parents, Aaron and Tiffany, of Leland.
The dogs and their owners at Sunday's First Day Hike at Lake Waccamaw State Park bring up the rear.
I'm not sure exactly what I love so much about the NCAA college golf championship. I've never been to a single match, much less a final, and I haven't even watched very many on TV, but it has inspired an obsession. It may be that when I started researching the history of the match-play era, I found that there is no database where results are kept, and perhaps I take a certain pride in owning what I'm 99.9 percent positive is the only centralized repository of results, painstakingly assembled on a Google spreadsheet .
But I think my fixation truly comes down to two things. First, the exciting format—in 2009, the NCAA changed how it decided the team champion by incorporating match play into the sport's climatic tournament, and the decision precipitated total chaos. (There's even a legitimate curse on No. 1 seeds started by Rickie Fowler, and I swear I'm not just promoting this idea relentlessly because I want to invent a curse.) Drama ensued for a full decade, and that leads to the second factor—as I wrote last week , these matches gain greater significance over time, as the players competing in relative anonymity go on to make names for themselves and achieve other great things on the PGA Tour.
And hey, it's niche. Niche is good. Like the Scripps-Howard National Spelling Bee, you can only talk about NCAA golf once a year, but it's fun as hell for that precious sliver of time, and this arcane dusty corner of the sports universe can be pretty cool.
So, on the day of the 2018 championship between Oklahoma State and Alabama, I've taken it on myself to count down the 20 best players from the first 10 years of the NCAA match-play era (hereafter abbreviated as MPE). My focus is exclusively on play in the knock-out stage of the team championships, from the opening quarterfinals to the championship. And of course, this list is all about opportunity. Many of college golf's best players never get a chance to reach the match-play rounds, and some who do, like Justin Thomas (3-3 lifetime), never quite distinguish themselves.
Enough disclaimers! Without further ado, I present:
The 15 Greatest Players Of the NCAA Match Play Era (2009-Present) *minimum 3 wins
15. Brad Dalke, Oklahoma (3-1)
Pinterest Jamie Schwaberow
Dalke went 2-1 last season, but his two wins were enormous—a 19-hole deciding-match epic in the quarterfinals that helped Oklahoma advance, and the decisive 2-and-1 win in the final that gave the Sooners the title . In that match, he became the only player to defeat Oregon's Sulman Raza in NCAA match play, and prevented Raza from finishing his career a perfect 6-0. Dalke, now a junior, won his 2018 quarterfinal match on Tuesday for the defending champs, and has one more chance to pad his resume next season.
T-12. Jason Cuthbertson, Arkansas, Jamie Marshall, Arkansas, Bryden MacPherson, Georgia (3-0)
These four players have one thing in common—they only appeared in the NCAA match-play rounds one time, and they all went a perfect 3-0. And none of them have a national championship ring. I'm calling these guys the LHP Club. It stands for "little help, please?"
11. Thomas Pieters, Illinois (3-1)
Pinterest NCAA Photos
The early signs of Pieters' Ryder Cup prowess could be seen in the 2013 tournament, when he beat NCAA individual champion Max Homa of Cal-Berkeley in 20 holes in the semifinals and out-gunned Justin Thomas in the championship round. The win over Homa also knocked California, derailing their attempt for a 12th team victory and the mythical title of best single-season college team of all time . His Illinois team lost the final battle to Alabama despite his win, and his win in the quarterfinals against Georgia the next season wasn't enough to see his team through.
10. Trey Mullinax, Alabama (4-2)
Both of Mullinax's losses came in the opening quarterfinal round, which means that in 2013 and 2014, he went a perfect 4-0 in semifinals and title matches while helping lead Alabama to two straight national titles. Along with being one of the seven double title winners, he's also one of just five to win two championship-round matches. Oh, yeah, and he was the clinching point for the Crimson Tide over Oklahoma State in 2014 .
9. Bronson Burgoon, Texas A&M (3-0)
Like his colleagues above, Burgoon went 3-0 in his one and only campaign, but that doesn't begin to tell the full story. Playing in 2009 at the first championship of the MPE, Burgoon came to the 14th tee leading Arkansas' Andrew Landry, 4 up. Then he collapsed, losing four straight holes, and suddenly the two were all square on the 18th hole with everything at stake—the overall match between the Aggies and Razorbacks was tied 2-2, and the winner of their dual would bring home the title. Landry's approach came up short, and then Burgoon did this from the heavy rough:
That gave A&M the title, and 10 years later still stands as arguably the greatest shot ever hit in the MPE.
8. Carter Newman, Augusta State (5-1)
Pinterest NCAA Photos
The five-win club is pretty exclusive—only eight players have managed the feat, and Newman is one of them. Ironically, his only loss—2-and-1 to Oklahoma State's Sean Einhaus in the 2010 title match—was avenged the next year, when he beat Einhaus in the deciding match of the semifinals by fighting off defeat with long putts on 17 and 18 before triumphing in 19 holes. That win sent Augusta State to its second straight title match, where Newman clobbered Georgia's T.J. Mitchell, 7 and 5, to help his team take home its second straight championship.
7. Bobby Wyatt, Alabama (6-2-1)
Pinterest NCAA Photos Wyatt is carried off the course by his coach, Jay Seawell, after a match-play win at the 2012 NCAA Championship.
All you need to know about Wyatt is that he's the only player to win three matches in the championship round (2012-2014). Well, OK, there's more—he's one of only four players in the six-win club, he has the longest unbeaten streak in NCAA match-play history (6-0-1 in his final seven matches), and he has two titles to his name. Not a bad career.
6. Wyndham Clark, Oklahoma State and Oregon (5-1)
Pinterest Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images
Clark has what has to be the weirdest career of any college golfer in the MPE. It's also my favorite career—he started out at Oklahoma State, was Big 12 player of the year as a freshman and went 3-0 in pursuit of a title in 2014. In fact, he was the only Cowboy to win in the title match to Alabama at Prairie Dunes. At the time he was dealing with the death of his mother, a haunting moment in his life that eventually took a toll on his game and led him to transfer schools. By 2017, now playing for Oregon, he had regained his form (earning Pac-12 player-of-the-year honors) and wound up facing his old team in the quarterfinal at Rich Harvest Farms. Clark lost that match—his only loss in NCAA match play—but Oregon advanced all the way to the championship round. Where, in a weird repeat of three years earlier, Clark was the only player to win his match as Oregon fell. Clark remains the only player to have match-play wins for two different schools, and the only player to make two finals without winning.
5. Sulman Raza, Oregon (5-1)
Pinterest Steve Dykes/Getty Images
The best way to describe Raza's career is that he's an incredibly clutch golfer who came an inch from match-play perfection. In 2016, he provided the clinching point in both the semifinal and championship round , and the latter was one of the most dramatic moments of the MPE. Against Texas, with the title on the line, he battled Taylor Funk for 21 holes before holing a six-footer for birdie to give Oregon the title. After that incredible drama, he provided the clinching point in both the 2017 quarterfinals and semifinals to give the Ducks a chance to repeat. That put his career record at 5-0, and he had a chance to become the greatest match-play golfer ever with another win. He nearly did it, too, but in the final match against Oklahoma, Brad Dalke edged him, 2 and 1, to give Oklahoma the crown. A bitter end to a superlative career.
4. Russell Henley, Georgia (5-0)
Pinterest NCAA Photos
All Henley did was win. He holds the second-highest win total without a loss, and his victims included Henrik Norlander and NCAA individual champion Scott Langley. In his five matches, he only played the 18th hole once, and he's one of just three golfers to play in multiple years and still finish undefeated. He's also a great “what if”—Georgia didn't make the NCAAs in 2010, and there was no match play in 2008, Henley's freshman year. With more opportunity, he could be atop this list.
3. Cory Whitsett, Alabama (7-2)
Pinterest NCAA Photos
Sick of seeing Alabama yet? Whitsett is the last of the Crimson Tide to grace this list, and he's undoubtedly the best of the bunch. He has the most wins in NCAA match-play history with seven, but his story goes deeper—two years in a row, he played in the match that decided the national championship. It started in 2012 at Riviera, in a final that included Jordan Spieth beating Justin Thomas. With everything on the line, Whitsett whiffed a chip on 18 and watched his opponent Dylan Frittelli sink a 20-footer to win the national title for Texas. The next year at Capital City Club, he made things easier by clinching the title for Bama on the 15th hole, and he helped the Tide win another championship in 2014 with a win against Oklahoma State's Jordan Niebrugge. He was the lynchpin of Alabama's three-year dynasty, and as he went, so went the team. Luckily for them, he almost always won.
2. Zach Wright, LSU (6-0)
Pinterest Wright, second from the left, helped the Tigers win the NCAA title in 2015, and had three more match-play wins in 2014 and 2016.
Aside from Frittelli, Whitsett lost to just one other opponent in his nine NCAA matches. That opponent was Wright. In three years, nobody beat Wright, and he's tied with the No. 1 player on this list for the most wins in the MCE without a blemish. The year after beating Whitsett, he went 3-0 to help lead LSU to a national title, and he added a final win against Oregon's Edwin Yi in 2016 to finish off a brilliant career. In those six matches, he only needed to play the 18th hole once—against Cory Whitsett.
1. Patrick Reed, Augusta State (6-0)
Pinterest NCAA Photos
With almost every other player on this list, there's always a caveat, always a blemish. Patrick Reed had none. And yet, perfection is only part of his legend. Not only did he win all his matches, not only did he help his teams win two championships, and not only did he beat some enormous names along the way (Harris English, Brooks Koepka, Chesson Hadley and Peter Uihlein twice), but he did it in every possible way. He had dominant thrashings (sorry Uihlein), dramatic 18th-hole birdies (Hadley) and high stakes, grind-it-out grudge-match title clinchers (there is no more tragic figure in NCAA golf than Harris English). His Ryder Cup toughness is now legendary, and it's worth wondering if his experience with team match play in the NCAAs instilled the confidence that made him a juggernaut for Team USA. If that's the case, the NCAA's decision in 2009 may have influenced an entire generation of Ryder Cup matches. For Reed, it all started here—in the NCAA match-play era, there has been nobody better.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
We all know that Rajinikanth, the Thalaiva of cinema, is an Indian Superstar who rose to the pinnacle through his mass image and commercial roles. Not many know that the legendary Superstar could emote effortlessly in character roles and there is a potential actor in him.
Let's check out two of the main character-oriented movies where Rajinikanth could be spotted as a brilliant artist.
Dear Tamil movie and young gen fans, make an attempt to catch up with these two movies during your free time!
Mullum Malarum
Probably the first and the best of the lot which squeezes the complete potential of actor Rajinikanth. The movie which was directed by J Mahendran, focused more on visual realism without excess melodrama. J. Mahendran, the man who excelled with his screen writing skills had proved his mettle through direction as well.
The movie is about a young, rebellious and a do-gooder winch operator who often rubs friction with his manager. The ego driven tussle leads to the loss of his job.
Rajinikanth as Kaali, is terrific and delivers a stellar performance. It was till that time of the movie where Rajinikanth was majorly seen in antagonist characters which made the producer of the movie a bit jittery about casting Rajini in the said role.
The story of the movie is conveyed in a sharp manner without lengthy dialogues and excess heroism. The dialogue, "Ketta Paiyan Sir Intha Kaali" oozes heroism without any camera effects and action blocks.
The song 'Raman Aandalum Raavanan Aandalum' was a runaway chartbuster and is still the hot favourite for many.
Mullum Malarum, opened to average responses by the public but later on picked up its speed and eventually went on to become a huge commercial success. Rajinikanth's mentor, K Balachander wrote an appreciation letter to Rajinikanth expressing his happiness of introducing such a potential actor into the industry.
Aarilirunthu Arubathu Varai (6 To 60)
The subsequent year of Mullum Malarum, witnessed yet another classic family drama. The protagonist toils hard to up bring his younger siblings by sacrificing his needs and happiness post his father's early demise.
While Rajinikanth, the eldest of siblings, continue to suffer in most part of his life, his younger siblings will be seen leading a comfortable living in the second half which only highlights the difference of family values between the siblings.
The movie runs on high quotient of emotions without any commercial elements. The project was first offered to Sivakumar who rejected it upfront which eventually landed in Rajinikanth's net.
Rajini was apprehensive to accept the offer as he was an entertainer till then but a constant persuasion from SP Muthuraman did the trick.
The blockbuster movie was the first turning point in Superstar's career as he successfully earned a massive female following with this flick. He also became the first South Indian actor to win over both mass and class audience with a dark skin tone and a rugged look.
Some of the common highlights of both the discussed movies are:
1. Simple yet powerful storyline
2. Free flow screenplay
3. High emotions
4. Stellar and powerful performances by Rajinikanth
5. Riveting music by Ilayaraaja
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo (9) checks into the game during the first half of an NFL football game against the Philadelphia Eagles at Lincoln Financial Field on Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017, in Philadelphia. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Cowboys great Michael Irvin says he was hoping to see more than a slight "sneeze" of action out of Tony Romo in his return to the field. And he thinks giving Romo just a couple more drives could have sealed up a win over Philadelphia on Sunday.
"We would've won that game. And that's what I wish they really would have done," Irvin said Monday morning on 105.3 The Fan. "I thought it was great for Romo the way he looked. Why not keep playing right here for a moment? Just get a little more reps in. Get yourself situated. You could've taken that team up and down the field a couple more times and another score or two would've put it out of hand. And then let Sanchez come in and throw his usual couple of interceptions and everything. I think we still would have had a chance to win that game and send a better message."
Irvin conceded that some of the thinking behind giving Romo just one series was the keep another wave of quarterback controversy coverage at bay. But he said there's an easy to spin that in the locker room.
"But if he goes down there a couple times and drives down two, three touchdowns, then a lot of that [QB controversy narrative] is started around the country," Irvin said. "But it would have been great to have a drive two, three drives for the locker room. All that does be build that thing up. No matter what, we've got the quarertback position taken care of. If anything happens to Dak, look at what we've got coming in in Tony Romo. We've just got to cover the rest of this. I can spin that. I always look at things like if I'm in the locker room, how can I spin that? I can make that work in the locker room if Tony Romo had a great day."
When ask if there was a specific the Cowboys should hope to see in their first playoff game after a first-round bye, Irvin would have none of that idea.
"Let's not go picking through these teams and saying 'Well we want that team' or that team. We want any ass that brings their butt in their stadium," Irvin said. "It really doesn't matter. If the Giants come up in here, you bang them up. Don't be trying to work around the Giants. We shouldn't even be talking about that because I don't want the virus in the computer of the 53 that wear the uniform.
"Nobody's running from anybody. We're running toward something. Bring anybody in here. Your mentality has to be we're runing toward the ring. We're not running from any of those chumps. We've got the best in the NFL, we're playing in our house. C'mon, buddy. ... Cowboys have to say this in that locker room: 'Dog, it doesn't matter. Whoever comes in here, you 're limping out with a loss.'"
Steve Stephens, accused of killing a person live on Facebook, in an undated photo provided Sunday by Cleveland police. Cleveland Division of Police
A later post read: “I killed 15 today because of [the second woman.]” The user referred to the purported killings as his “Easter day slaughter.” His claims of additional victims were not verified, police said.
NBC News archived the posts before the account was removed. “This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook,” the company said in a statement.
Police initially said Sunday that the suspect “broadcast the killing on Facebook Live,” but a spokesperson for the site later said the video was recorded and uploaded. Stevens did use Facebook Live at least once on Sunday, the spokesperson said.
The seemingly irrational decision to broadcast footage of himself committing a heinous crime lines up with a familiar psychological profile, said James Alan Fox,
a well-known criminologist who teaches at Northeastern University and has consulted on major murder investigations.
“There are offenders who feel proud of their crimes, their conquests — and oftentimes they're people who feel somewhat insignificant,” Fox said. Advertising their crimes makes them “feel powerful.”
“It's important to them psychologically,” said Fox, who is not involved in the Cleveland case.
For decades, Fox said, killers have recorded their criminal activities and bragged about their acts of violence. “In an earlier era, they kept journals to remind them,” Fox said. “But in the social media age, they have the ability to boast more publicly. The themes are the same, the bravado is the same.”
And with wide-reaching, ubiquitous platforms like Facebook, Burke said, “you can get an audience — a worldwide audience.”
Gary Jackson, a longtime friend of Stephens, told NBC News that when the two spoke last Thursday, everything seemed fine.
Jackson, 47, said Stephens mentored foster kids — Beech Brook, a children's mental health center, confirmed his employment — and said he was stunned that his friend is accused of such a horrific crime.
Robert Godwin, pictured here with his daughter Debbie. Debbie Godwin
The killing of Godwin, a father and grandfather, is reminiscent of
the slayings of two TV journalists in 2015. WDBJ reporter Alison Parker and cameraman Adam Ward were gunned down at point-blank range by a former co-worker during a live broadcast. The gunman posted video of the attack online before killing himself.
As authorities hunted for Stephens and tried to make sense of the killing, at least one thing was abundantly clear to law enforcement.
“Obviously, he's got deep, deep issues,” Williams said.
COPENHAGEN — After impressing at the World Cup, Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag.
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander “hasn't gone unnoticed.” Halldorsson's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina.
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got “a concrete bid from Qarabag, which we have accepted.” Details of the deal were not released.
Halldorsson, who played 69 games for the team, said “it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure.”
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes Pause
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn's resignation
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
0:08 Instant horse racing: What the machine looks like
2:50 Peek inside Velma Morrison's Boise home, hear the YMCA's plans
1:39 The aftermath of Idaho's Teton Dam collapse
1:23 Truckstop.com now hiring in Boise
0:17 Horse rescued from Eagle pool
FORT LAUDERDALE, FLA. (WSVN) - It was a “ruff” rescue for a dog who became trapped in a bathtub, Saturday.
According to Broward Sheriff Fire Rescue, the 12-year-old schnauzer's paw got stuck inside the drain pipe at a home in Fort Lauderdale.
After trying to free the dog herself, the owner ended up calling firefighters.
Broward Sheriff Fire Rescue Capt. Kevin Meyers described the rescue. “The dog was agitated. You could tell it was struggling trying to get its foot out, obviously in moderate pain,” he said.
Meyers said first responders administered medicine to calm the canine. “Station 14 units managed the scene very effectively. They gave the dog some Benadryl with an emergency vet on the phone,” he said. “Proper dosage administered to the dog, calmed the dog down. It let us get in and do our operation.”
A technical rescue team used specialized equipment to free the dog's paw.
The schnauzer, named Angel, is going to be just fine.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Latest: APNewsBreak: Gunman had filed grievance
hello
This photo provided by Jerry Zakatchenko shows the scene at a UPS package delivery warehouse where a shooting took place Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in San Francisco, Calif. A UPS employee opened fire at one of the company's package delivery facilities in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing a few co-workers and then himself as officers closed in and workers ran frantically into the streets, police and company officials said. (Jerry Zakatchenko via AP) Associated Press
Emergency vehicles are parked and police gather outside a UPS package delivery warehouse where a shooting took place Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in San Francisco. A UPS spokesman says four people were injured in the shooting at the facility and that the shooter was an employee. Associated Press
UPS workers gather outside a UPS package delivery warehouse where a shooting took place Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in San Francisco. A UPS spokesman says four people were injured in the shooting at the facility and that the shooter was an employee. Associated Press
Bodies lie under a yellow tarp as police investigate the scene where a UPS employee opened fire at one of the company's package delivery facilities in San Francisco on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, killing three co-workers and then himself. (Amos Gregory via AP) Associated Press
SAN FRANCISCO -- The Latest on a shooting in San Francisco (all times local):
7:30 p.m.
A union official says the gunman who shot and killed three people at a UPS warehouse in San Francisco had filed a grievance complaining that he was working excessive overtime.
Joseph Cilia, an official with a local Teamsters Union, says Jimmy Lam's grievance filed in March requested that UPS relieve him of working overtime going forward.
Still, Cilia says Lam wasn't angry, and he could not understand why he would open fire on his colleagues at a morning meeting on Wednesday.
Cilium says Lam targeted three fellow UPS drivers. Cilium says two other drivers who were wounded have been released from the hospital and will be OK.
Police say the gunman killed himself after the shooting.
___
5:30 p.m.
A San Francisco police department official has identified the gunman who opened fire at a UPS warehouse in the city as Jimmy Lam.
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation into the shooting is ongoing.
The official said Lam is from San Francisco, but had no immediate details on his background. The official noted the name is a common one in the San Francisco Bay Area, so finding information about the correct Jimmy Lam required significant record searches.
Police say the gunman shot and killed three people and wounded two others before taking his own life.
___
4:45 p.m.
Family members have identified one of the victims of a shooting at a San Francisco UPS warehouse as 46-year-old Mike Lefiti, a UPS driver.
Lefiti's cousin, Bob Toia, told the San Francisco Chronicle that Lefiti was devoted to his wife, family and kids.
Isaiah Miggins, a co-worker of Lefiti's at UPS, said Lefiti was a big man, but humble and always happy.
By late afternoon, friends had set up a memorial to Lefiti with flowers and balloons at a local supermarket near the UPS warehouse.
Police say a gunman opened fire at the UPS facility Wednesday morning, killing three people and wounding two others before taking his own life.
___
3:50 p.m.
San Francisco authorities say they're interviewing the families of victims and witnesses to piece together what led a gunman to open fire in a UPS warehouse.
Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters Wednesday that authorities found two victims outside and others inside, calling it a "frightful scene."
He says officers didn't fire at the gunman, but that he shot himself when they confronted him.
Chaplin says authorities won't release the names of the three who were killed and the gunman who took his own life until the medical examiner confirms their identities and families are notified.
He says police won't know more information about weapon until they test-fire it.
___
3:35 p.m.
A San Francisco woman said she was riding a bus to work when she saw a group of workers streaming out of a UPS facility where an employee opened fire.
Jessica Franklin said the workers started banging on the bus when it made a stop Wednesday. She said they ducked as they boarded and told the driver to "go, go, go." And the driver did.
Franklin says the workers were screaming and crying and others were calling family members to tell them they were safe. She described the scene as chaotic.
The bus driver then stopped to let the workers out.
Authorities and UPS officials say the shooter killed three co-workers and wounded two others. He then fatally shot himself when police approached.
___
12:30 p.m.
A UPS driver said a gunman opened fire as drivers and managers were assembling for a morning meeting in San Francisco and that he saw a co-worker get shot.
Marvin Calderon told San Francisco Bay Area news station KNTV that he heard five to six gunshots and that he recognized the gunman as a fellow employee, but he did not know him personally.
Calderon said he saw someone get shot in the head and he said he believed all the victims were drivers.
He said he ran away as fast as he could.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin said four people are dead, including the gunman, who shot himself when confronted by police.
___
11:55 a.m.
Authorities say the shooter who opened fire at a San Francisco UPS warehouse was armed with an assault pistol when police found him.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters that officers found wounded victims and brought them to safety Wednesday. When they found the gunman, he put the weapon to his head and shot himself.
Three people were killed as well as the shooter. Two others were wounded.
___
11:40 a.m.
Authorities say a shooting at a San Francisco UPS warehouse has killed three people as well as the shooter.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin says at a news conference that two others were wounded Wednesday. He says that the shooter shot himself, and police have not determined a motive.
___
This item has been corrected to show that Toney Chaplin is San Francisco assistant police chief.
___
11:10 a.m.
A man who lives across the street from a San Francisco UPS warehouse where a gunman opened fire says he heard seven or eight shots fired quickly and saw workers running.
Raymond Deng, 30, a data scientist for a start-up company, said he looked out his apartment window Wednesday to see a group of UPS workers fleeing the building and shouting.
He says another group of about 10 workers assembled on the roof and held their hands up as police began to arrive.
Deng says he "saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings."
___
10:45 a.m.
A witness says he heard at least five gunshots and saw UPS drivers running down the street screaming "shooter, shooter" after gunfire at a sprawling San Francisco package delivery warehouse.
Auto shop owner Robert Kim says he brought cars inside and shut the gate Wednesday. He reopened after he saw police had blocked off an area around the UPS building, which is about a block from his shop.
A UPS spokesman says four people were injured in the shooting at the facility and that the shooter was an employee. Steve Gaut says he believes the shooter "turned the gun on himself" but did not have additional information.
No one immediately had details on the conditions of those injured.
San Francisco police are inside the UPS warehouse searching for additional victims and witnesses.
___
10:20 a.m.
A UPS spokesman says four people were injured in a shooting at a package delivery facility in San Francisco and that the shooter was an employee.
UPS spokesman Steve Gaut said Wednesday that he believed the shooter "turned the gun on himself" but did not have additional information.
He said the four victims were taken to a hospital but didn't know their conditions.
___
10:05 a.m.
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center.
Brent Andrew, spokesman for Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, said Wednesday that the hospital had received victims, but he did not know exactly how many or their conditions.
San Francisco police have confirmed the shooting, but didn't release other information.
Uniformed UPS employees are being led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby.
The shooting led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
The building is located in the Potrero Hill, which is about 2 Â½ miles from downtown San Francisco.
Police are advising people to avoid the area.
___
9:55 a.m.
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center, but no information on injuries has been released.
The shooting Wednesday led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
The building is located in Potrero Hill, which is about 2.5 miles from downtown San Francisco.
Police are advising people to avoid the area.
DENVER – A federal jury in Denver is now deciding whether a former Denver radio DJ groped Taylor Swift at a photo-shoot before a June 2013 concert, and whether Swift's mother and manager influenced the decision by the DJ's company to fire him because of the allegations.
Jury deliberations got underway around 1 p.m. Monday on the sixth day of the trial, and came after closing arguments from Swift's attorney, Doug Baldridge, and DJ David Mueller's attorney, Gabe McFarland. They also came after a conference in which the attorneys and judge decided on the jury instructions.
Read the jury instructions in the case here.
Click here to read the verdict form.
The closing arguments from each side mirrored what they each pushed for during the four days of witness testimony and cross-examination. Taylor Swift rolled her eyes at much of Mueller's attorney's statements, and also cried on several occasions as both attorneys recounted the alleged incident.
Mueller's attorney says Swift lied about alleged grope
McFarland was the first to go, and laid out his reasoning why David Mueller did not grab Swift's rear end on June 2, 2013, and why Andrea Swift and Frank Bell allegedly got Mueller fired from the Denver radio station, KYGO.
“I don't know what kind of person grabs a woman…but it's not that guy,” McFarland said, pointing to Mueller. “It's not the guy who files a lawsuit and…fights to clear his name for two years, and it's not a guy who grabs or gropes a superstar apparently out of the blue.”
He brought up the notorious photo of Swift, Mueller and Mueller's girlfriend, Shannon Melcher, and told the jury there was “no way” Mueller's hand was under Swift's skirt—contending that her skirt isn't ruffled in the photo and that Mueller's hand wasn't “low enough” to be under her skirt.
“Look at Ms. Swift's face and ask yourself, ‘Is that the face of someone who just had a strange man grab their butt? Is that the face of someone who is in shock at what just happened, who's upset?'” McFarland told the jury. “That's the face of someone taking a photograph…participating in a meet-and greet. There's nothing to suggest in Ms. Swift's face that anything inappropriate has happened. . . . I would submit it's not plausible that someone, even who's taken as many photos as Ms. Swift, can avoid that shock when something like this happens…it just doesn't make sense.”
He went on to call Stephanie Simbeck, who took the photo, the “least credible witness” at the trial, saying her testimony made “no sense whatsoever” and that thus, the Swift team's story doesn't add up. He said that Simbeck was only making her testimony because she still works for Swift and that she “wants to keep that job.”
McFarland called Melcher the “most-credible witness.”
“Nobody saw what Ms. Swift said happened because it didn't happen,” McFarland argued.
McFarland also argued that Mueller never changed his story, as multiple witnesses have alleged, and that Mueller “didn't do it for money,” referring to the filing of the lawsuit, because he wouldn't want to jeopardize his “dream job” at KYGO.
“Why would Ms. Swift lie? I don't know,” McFarland said. “I'm sure she thinks it's true, but the photograph shows otherwise.”
And he maintained that Andrea Swift and Bell directly influenced KYGO general manager Bob Call to fire Mueller over the allegations when Bell told Call he expected KYGO to “take action” and “do the right thing.”
“All of those terms are code for, ‘We want you to fire this guy.' There's no other way to read that,” McFarland said.
Swift's attorney: Case is of ‘immeasurable value'
But Swift's attorney, Doug Baldridge, flipped McFarland's claims on their head immediately, and laid out the case as a sexual assault instance that many women have dealt with.
“Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims is what the question is,” Baldridge said. “Will they be allowed to shame them, humiliate them, assault them? And to use the words of Andrea Swift, I don't know whether to vomit or cry.”
“Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to realize a payday for their conduct…just because they know they can walk away with it…because the victims will pay?” he continued.
Baldridge argued there's no “facts, incentive, or reason whatsoever” to believe that Swift “made up this story” that Mueller grabbed her.
He said, based on Mueller's testimony, that Mueller admitted that KYGO had a right to investigate and fire an employee who was accused of sexual assault if it were founded on evidence.
“Gone. Case was over when he did that,” Baldridge said.
And he said that his case and witness testimony has been “written in granite” since the incident occurred.
“Everything is consistent—whether it's the reaction of her face, the movement of the skirt, the pulling away in the photo—people told you what they saw, and it was all consistent,” Baldridge said. “The overriding question is: is the victimization going to stop here or is it going to go on?”
He continued to frame the case for the jury as one involving the alleged assault of a woman.
“Women who are attacked, women who are mistreated, generally don't want people to know,” Baldridge said. “Women who are reported on worldwide definitely don't want people to know.”
And in a somewhat-mocking moment of McFarland, Baldridge pulled up a “photo lineup” he'd made of the photo with Swift and Mueller, alongside 18 other photos from that day. McFarland made it a point during his questioning of Swift's bodyguard, Greg Dent, that no “photo lineup” was done like they are in police lineups.
“Here we have it. We have all the photos. Aha!” Baldridge said sarcastically when he pulled up the photo.
“Clearly Taylor Swift had no idea that this guy, the guy with the smile—boy, she must have confused Mr. Mueller with one of these little girls or boys. It's an insult,” Baldridge said. “I think it's crystal clear there's not a chance she misidentified this man in the line.”
To try and reiterate his point that the jury should not find that Andrea Swift and Bell influenced Mueller's firing, he said that Swift noted they had decided as a group to inform Call of the alleged incident.
He said the decision to fire Mueller was solely Call's, Haskell's and KYGO's.
“They decided what they saw, and they decided what to do,” Baldridge said.
Baldridge said “it's ridiculous” to claim that nothing is happening in the photo, and noted that Swift said the photo captured “a moment in the process” of Mueller grabbing her rear end.
“Everyone is clear that they saw something weird there,” Baldridge said, including Mueller.
“That is a s(***)-eating grin,” he said of Mueller's smile in the photo.
To sum up his statements, Baldridge made a final plea to the jury that the case makes a difference for women everywhere.
“The single dollar I ask you to award her…is of immeasurable value. It means no. and it tells every woman that they will determine was is tolerated with their body,” he said. “The guy did it. Don't be fooled. Don't be snookered. It's time to stop the victimization of victims in this courtroom and in this country.”
Jury deliberations underway
Now that the case is with the jury, they will have to decide on the one claim Mueller still has against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell, and the two claims—assault and battery—that Taylor Swift still has going forward in her counterclaim against Mueller.
The jury will have to reach a unanimous verdict, as the case is a federal civil trial, and all answers to the following jury questions will have to be answered “based on a preponderance of evidence”:
Did Frank Bell or Andrea Swift intentionally interfere with David Mueller's contract with Lincoln Financial (KYGO)? If so for either, what amount is Mueller entitled to receive in damages?
Do you find David Mueller assaulted Taylor Swift? Yes or no?
Do you find David Mueller battered Taylor Swift? Yes or no.
If yes on either of those last two questions, do you award her $1 in nominal damages? Yes or no?
There are several possible outcomes here.
First, the jury could find that Andrea Swift and Bell interfered with Mueller's employment contract, and could award him a maximum payout of more than $200,000 (which is based off the remainder of his employment contract salary and endorsements, minus what has already been paid out by KYGO).
But they could also find—even if Swift and Bell interfered—that Mueller only deserves “nominal damages” of $1.
The jury could also decide in Swift and Bell's favor on that claim.
Should the jury find that Mueller assaulted or battered Swift, she would only be rewarded $1 in nominal damages.
The jury is staying in their deliberation room until they have a verdict. If jurors don't have one by 5 p.m. Monday, they will be sent home for the day and ordered back at 8:30 a.m. Tuesday, when they will be sent to deliberate further.
The parties and their attorneys have in the meantime been asked not to be more than 15 minutes away from the courthouse while deliberations are ongoing should the court have to reconvene if the jury has a question or a verdict.
Written By: Hello Beautiful
In promoting her new movie, Proud Mary, Taraji P. Henson snapped some hot photos for Iris Covet Book, giving us some serious Foxy Brown vibes.
Looking real comfortable ❤ #bighairfridays #melanin #tarajiphenson #blackgirlmagic #blacklove #goddess #welove #bighair A post shared by Matwale M. Mckenzie (@twaaley28) on Dec 8, 2017 at 3:59am PST
Taraji is sporting a sexy mega afro with a white Michael Kors jacket while sporting a flawless gold necklace by Marc Jacobs.The Empire actress not only paid tribute to legendary Blaxpoitation film actress Pam Grier, but also sat down with her to talk sisterhood in Hollywood.
“I don't understand hating another woman. We go through so much as women. Why am I, another woman, going to add to the stresses that women already have? Why would I do that?”
Taraji expressed her thoughts with Pam Grier while being interviewed by her for the magazine shoot. She also discusses her new role in the Proud Mary movie, paying tribute to the Ms. Grier and the remarkable work she's done, paving the way for black women in entertainment.
See what else Taraji has to say about uniting women in entertainment and see more of her beautiful photos by going here.
DON'T MISS:
Upgrade You! Taraji P. Henson To Star In Remake Of Mel Gibson Film ‘What Women Want'
RIP Uncle Willie! Taraji P. Henson Posts Tribute After Her Dog Dies
It's Here! Watch The Trailer For Taraji P. Henson Hit-Woman Film, ‘Proud Mary'
Brighton and Hove Albion have been promoted to the Premier League for the first time in their history. Chris Hughton's side beat Wigan Athletic 2-1 on Monday to stay top of the Championship and put a 15-point gap between themselves and third-place Huddersfield Town. Huddersfield then failed to defeat Derby County in the later match, […]
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Former Vice President Joe Biden has been elected chair of the board of trustees at Philadelphia's National Constitution Center.
The center made the announcement Wednesday that Biden will succeed former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, whose term ended in January.
Jeffrey Rosen, President and CEO of the center, says Biden's “love for the constitution, and passion for teaching all Americans about its enduring principles, have inspired people around the world.”
Biden says he's honored to succeed former presidents Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush at the head of such a “national treasure.”
Biden will also be splitting his time between programs at the University of Delaware and the University of Pennsylvania as part of his post-White House life.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Ready to get into the Christmas spirit?
It may seem early, but Hallmark is putting on display - for the first time ever - all of Norman Rockwell's iconic Christmas card art.
The exhibit opens Saturday, Oct. 7 at the Hallmark Visitor's Center at 25th and Grand in Kansas City.
It showcases the 32 original pieces of art Rockwell created for Hallmark Christmas cards over a ten-year period - from 1947 until 1956.
A lot of people remember these paintings from their childhood. Besides iconic images of Santa, he also painted Christmas portraits from Charles Dickens novels and humorous scenes of everyday families celebrating the holidays.
"Millions of Americans grew up with these images as being a part of their ideal of what Christmas is about," Hallmark Curator Joe Houston said. "He was such an amazing storyteller. He loved Charles Dickens, he loved the idea of Christmas and this was always a favorite holiday of his."
The Rockwell Christmas Exhibit runs through January, and it's free for all to see.
108 Social Buzz
MALAYSIA's defence minister has announced the Muslim-majority Southeast Asian nation is “ready” to respond if required in regards to US President Donald Trump's decision to recognise Jerusalem as the capital city of Israel.
“As the defence minister, I am confident that we will carry out any order from the supreme commander of the Malaysian Armed Forces,” Hishammuddin Hussein was quoted as saying on Saturday by state news agency Bernama.
Trump's announcement last week that the US would be moving its embassy to Jerusalem was a “slap in the face for the entire Muslim world,” Hishammuddin said and added Malaysia “should be prepared to face any actuality”.
“Armed Forces chief and the [Malaysian Armed Forces] are definitely ready,” he said at the final day of the ruling United Malays National Organisation's (Umno) General Assembly.
SEE ALSO: Protests erupt in Indonesia, Malaysia over Trump's Jerusalem plan
Thousands of protesters took to the streets of Kuala Lumpur on Friday over the Trump administration's decision. A statement from Malaysia's Foreign Ministry said the country was “extremely concerned” with the announcement, which it said would increase the risk of terrorism.
Recognising Jerusalem as the capital of Israel was “aggression not only against the Arab and Islamic Ummah, but are also infringements on the rights of Muslims and Christians alike,” it said.
In neighbouring Indonesia – the world's largest Muslim-majority country – thousands again protested outside the US embassy in Jakarta on Sunday.
“Let us pray that this dispute would not lead to chaos,” Hishammuddin said.
Facebook
Tonight, ABC News' 20/20 will revisit the horrific incident that rocked the town of Waukesha, Wisconsin, in 2014, when two 12-year-old girls, Anissa Weier and Morgan Geyser, repeatedly stabbed their friend Payton Leutner and left her in the woods to die. The young girls did this all to impress the fictional online character Slender Man. After the attacks, according to the Chicago Tribune, the girls told detectives they had to kill Leutner if they wanted to become Slender Man's “servants”, and to protect their families from him.
On Thursday, a Wisconsin judge sentenced Geyser, who is now 15, to 40 years in a mental health institution. In December, Anissa Weier pleaded guilty to attempted second-degree intentional homicide and was found not guilty by reason of mental disease or defect. The judge ordered her to 25 years in a mental health institution.
Read on to learn more about Angie Geyser, Morgan Geyser's mom.
1. Angie Geyser Says She Saw No Warning Signs from Her Daughter
RollingStone: Morgan Geyser's mom on the Slender Man trial and her daughter's confession https://t.co/kwK7njgPm3 pic.twitter.com/fhWbDAaKhn — Mile High Company (@milehighcompany) January 17, 2017
Angie Geyser tells ABC that Morgan did not exhibit any behavior that would suggest she was capable of hurting another person.
Recalling the events of May 31, 2014, Geyser says she remembers that the girls– Anissa, Morgan, and Payton– were having a sleepover at Morgan's house and asked if they could all go to the park. Within hours, police were at Geyser's front door.
“I was vacuuming in the basement and my son, who was 6 at the time, came downstairs and he told me that the police are here, and they're looking for Morgan. Of course, my heart dropped down into my stomach and I went upstairs. Not only were there police in my living room, but they were wearing riot gear,” Angie explains.
Soon enough, Angie learned that her daughter had stabbed Payton 19 times with a kitchen knife, while Anissa urged her on. Both girls left Payton alone in the woods to die.
2. She Works as an Advanced Neurodiagnostic Specialist
According to her LinkedIn, Geyser works as an advanced neurodiagnostic specialist at Neulogical Monitoring Associates, LLC. Prior to that, she worked as a Clinical Manager and Surgical Neurophysiologist at SpecialtyCare.
Geyser's LinkedIn states she graduated from Western Technical College with an Associate of Science in Electroneurodiagnostic Technology.
Slender Man stabbing: Morgan Geyser gets 40 years in mental unit https://t.co/02ZopbrWHT — BBC News (World) (@BBCWorld) February 2, 2018
Geyser tells the New York Post that watching Morgan's interrogation tape is difficult because she doesn't recognize the little girl in the video. “That's not my daughter saying those things. That's not the way she speaks. That's not the way she acts.”
She continues, “She appears to have no remorse for what's happened, and she just talks about it in such a flat manner. That's odd for a 12-year-old child sitting in a police station with a detective, not to be frightened about what's going on.”
3. She Knew About Her Daughter's Fascination with Slender Man
Angie tells ABC she knew about Morgan's obsession with Slender Man. She even said she spoke about the online creation with her daughter.
“She would show us some of the pictures, and she would read us some of the stories, and while some of the subject matter was a little dark, I wasn't concerned,” Geyser said. “When I was Morgan's age, I was reading Stephen King novels. I remember being 11 years old and riding home from the library with [the book] ‘IT' under my arm. And that's a very scary and dark story, so I just thought it was normal for a child of middle school age to be interested in scary stories.”
Anissa's mother, Kristi, says that her daughter never mentioned Slender Man to her or the family.
4. Morgan's Dad Reportedly Has Schizophrenia & Morgan Was Diagnosed with Schizophrenia While Incarcerated
A few months after the assault, Morgan was diagnosed with schizophrenia. The Daily Mail reports that her father also suffers from schizophrenia.
Speaking to the outlet, Morgan's mother says, “If we had any indication that Morgan had any serious mental illness, we would have gotten her treatment sooner. But unfortunately, no, we didn't know until after the incident.”
In 2016, Morgan's psychiatrist took the stand at trial to say, “[Morgan] continues to believe that she has ongoing relationships with several characters from the Harry Potter book who come and visit her.” According to an article late last year in Rolling Stone, Geyser's defense attorney's said that Morgan believed she could communicate with Slender Man telepathically.
Morgan's mother has explained that it was difficult to get her daughter the psychiatric treatment she needed while she in jail. Angie also tells the Journal Sentinel that when the medication finally worked, Morgan became a new woman. “… it was like a switch went on, like, ‘There you are! Where have you been?”
5. Angie Has Had No Contact with Payton Leutner or Her Parents
In her interview with WISN Milwaukee News , Angie reveals that she has had no contact with Payton or her parents since the day of the attack.
Asked what she would say if she could say anything to Payton's family, Angie says, “I'm so sorry for what she went through. I'm so sorry for what Payton went through. I would want them to know that Morgan is sorry, too. Morgan has a lot of remorse for what happened.”
How have iconic logos evolved over time?
Do logo change tend to correspond to periods of revenue growth for brands?
To find out, C+R Research examined the important logo changes of 13 well-known brands: Starbucks, Apple, Google, Amazon, Levi's, Microsoft, Dell, Twitter, Nike, Coca-Cola, IBM, Shell, and Airbnb.
As part of the analysis, the researchers mapped major logo changes to each brand's revenue history.
Check out the infographic below to see the findings:
About the research: The report was based on analysis of the logo changes of 13 major brands: Starbucks, Apple, Google, Amazon, Levi's, Microsoft, Dell, Twitter, Nike, Coca-Cola, IBM, Shell, Airbnb.
iStock/Thinkstock(WASHINGTON) — The Pentagon's new Nuclear Posture Review calls for the development of two new submarine-launched missiles with low-yield nuclear warheads that could serve as a deterrent to Russia's modernization of its inventory of 2,000 tactical weapons.
Developed over the last year, the new report acknowledges the changes around the world since the previous 2010 review that had as a goal the eventual reduction of America's nuclear weapons arsenal.
That report also saw Russia as a partner in de-nuclearization efforts, but the new Nuclear Posture Review (NPR) reflects the complicated reality of America's relationships with Russia, China and North Korea.
While nuclear weapons reduction remains a long-term goal, it also addresses a gap in deterrence strategy towards Russia, which is undergoing an intense modernization of its low-yield nuclear weapons systems, a development that has led the Pentagon to determine that Russian nuclear strategy now does not discount the first use of such low-yield nuclear weapons on the battlefield.
The new NPR makes the point that Russia appears to have made a calculus that these types of tactical nuclear weapons could actually be used on a European battlefield without drawing a large scale American nuclear response.
Over the last decade Russia has modernized an inventory of tactical nuclear weapons like air-to-surface missiles, short range ballistic missiles, gravity bombs, depth charges and anti-aircraft missiles and torpedoes.
Over that time the United States has not modernized or reduced its inventory of such weapons.
To respond to that gap with Russia the NPR calls for the U.S. to reconfigure a small number of submarine-launched intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) into low-yield nuclear weapons, with nuclear explosive yields smaller than the atomic bomb dropped by the United States on Hiroshima.
It also calls for the long-term development of submarine-launched cruise missiles with low-yield warheads, a weapons program phased out by the 2010 review.
A focus of the new NPR is the “tailored” response to scenarios posed by Russia, China, North Korea and Iran.
A “one size fits all” approach has its limits,” said Deputy Secretary of Defense Patrick Shanahan at a Pentagon news conference. “This NPR ensures we can deter any potential adversary, because they are not all alike.”
That point was also reinforced by John Rood, the Pentagon's top policy adviser, who stated repeatedly today that there is no “automaticity” to a scenario that a possible nuclear response is always going to depend on the context at hand.
“The United States does not want to use nuclear weapons,” said Shanahan. “We do want to maintain an effective deterrent to keep Americans and our allies and partners safe and secure.”
A draft version of the NPR leaked several weeks ago drew criticism from arms control experts who said the development of the new low-yield weapons would lower the threshold for a nuclear weapons escalation.
But Rood and other officials countered that it would have the opposite effect.
“The capabilities and the type of approach that we're pursuing is intended to raise the nuclear threshold by making the type of punishment that we could employ against an attack on the United States so high that it would not be countenanced by an adversary,” said Rood.
The NPR also addresses a tailored response to the growing North Korean nuclear missile threat to the United States that it says “may now be only months away”.
“Our deterrence strategy for North Korea makes clear that any North Korean nuclear attack against the United States or its allies and partners is unacceptable and will result in the end of that regime,” says the report.
“There is no scenario in which the Kim [Jong-un] regime could employ nuclear weapons and survive,” it added.
The NPR and Pentagon officials made the point that America's missile defense system has the capability to intercept and defeat North Korea's ability to conduct effective missile strikes.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Global Grind
Migos have a strained relationship with the hosts of Complex's Everyday Struggle, Joe Budden, DJ Akademiks and Nadeska. Ever since the two groups bumped heads over a misunderstanding during the 2017 BET Awards red carpet, memes, jokes and more beef has continued to fly. Now, it appears Migos are shooting a music video and have hired Everyday Struggle lookalikes to star in it.
The video is for the song “Ice Tray” and features Lil Yachty. Yachty has also had a brief run in with Joe Budden while on Everyday Struggle as a guest. The song appears on the 30-track Quality Control compilation, Control The Streets Vol. 1, which dropped just a few days ago.
It appears Joe Budden doesn't have much to worry about, however. With a new baby on the way, he's been keeping a positive attitude. He even dropped a few flame emojis under Quavo's Instagram post.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
LeBron James sends Magic Johnson a heartfelt happy birthday message
Magic Johnson celebrated his 58th birthday on Monday, and LeBron James took some time to wish the Los Angeles Lakers legend a happy birthday with a personal spin.
LeBron, who has been linked to the Lakers through a number of rumors this offseason, praised Johnson for being “one of the few that's showed love from day 1 to me.”
Happy birthday @MagicJohnson!! One of the few that's always showed love from day 1 to me! Thank you. Enjoy your day!! — LeBron James (@KingJames) August 14, 2017
Of course, wishing someone a happy birthday on Twitter has absolutely nothing to do with future career plans. That said, LeBron obviously has a lot of respect for Magic and a good relationship with him, which won't hurt if and when the Lakers are trying to sign James next summer.
Johnson made his thoughts about the LeBron very clear before he was put in charge of the Lakers' basketball operations department. His opinion hasn't changed, but he needs to be more careful about expressing it now.
The holiday season is all about giving, and one San Antonio teen gave his mom the best gift she could ask for at this time in her life.
19-year old Moses Castellano took to Twitter to help his mom overcome a tough time at work. He tweeted:
Hey y'all, my mom moved salons recently and because of that she isn't getting the same amount of customers as she used to. She's a self-employed cosmetologist and has loved doing hair professionally for the last 30 years. Please rt so she can gain some potential customers. Tysm!! pic.twitter.com/HpFxeB1KE1 — tamale mosher (@andyxdwyer) December 5, 2017
Castellano says he never thought the kind tweet would go viral, considering the fact that he has just over 500 followers — mostly consisting of friends and family. But to the teen's surprise, his post has received over 62,000 retweets and more than 70,000 likes on Twitter since Tuesday.
Happy Holidays to the Castellanos.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
This file photo taken on October 21, 2011 shows then Hamas leader Ismail Haniya (L) and freed Palestinian prisoner Yahya Sinwar (R), a founder of Hamas' military wing, waving as supporters celebrate the release of hundreds of prisoners following a swap with captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit in Khan Yunis, southern Gaza Strip. Palestinian Islamist movement Hamas elected Yahya Sinwar, a hardline member of its armed wing as its new Gaza head, Hamas officials said on February 13, 2017.
Gaza: A senior Hamas official says a top member of the group's armed wing has been chosen as its new leader in the Gaza Strip. Yahyah Sinwar, a senior commander who was freed by Israel in a 2011 prisoner swap, is considered one of the most hard-line figures in the group. The Hamas official, speaking on condition of anonymity because he was discussing the group's secretive election process, confirmed the appointment. Sinwar replaces Esmail Haniyeh, who was prime minister of Hamas' government in Gaza after the militant group overran the territory in 2007. Since his release by Israel, Sinwar has built up his power in the secretive military wing and is believed to have ordered the execution of a top rival last year in a power struggle. It remained unclear what the move means since Haniyeh concluded a “successful” trip to Egypt in January. The two sides discussed Israel's blockade of Gaza, Palestinian reconciliation and the lingering power outage in the strip. No details were revealed but Haniyah posted on his Twitter that relations with Egypt will witness “paradigm shifts.” Egypt's relations with Hamas deteriorated since the 2013 military ouster of Islamist President Mohammad Mursi, who hails from the Muslim Brotherhood group, Hamas' mother movement. Authorities accused the group of supporting militants to carry out attacks in Egypt.
The first woman to run the Boston Marathon did it again 50 YEARS LATER!
The first woman to officially compete in the Boston Marathon was a 20-year-old college student named Katherine Switzer. She entered under the name “K.V. Switzer” in 1967, because women weren't allowed. And she just ran it AGAIN yesterday, 50 years later.
She's 70 years old now and hadn't run a marathon since 2011. But she finished the Boston Marathon yesterday in 4 hours, 44 minutes, and 31 seconds. So about 25 minutes slower than when she ran it as a 20-year-old.
Click Here to see more.
The film “Blade Runner” opened to mixed reviews in 1982. Eventually it came to be considered a science fiction masterpiece, and is now included in the Library of Congress' National Film Registry. A sequel, “Blade Runner 2049,” opens in theaters this weekend.
Reporter Jon Kalish (@kalishjon) finds out how screenwriter Hampton Fancher helped craft both films.
Rapper Meek Mill arrives in the Sixers locker room ahead of Game 5. Facebook Philadelphia 76ers
Hours after being released from prison Tuesday, rapper Meek Mill made an emotional appearance at the 76ers playoff game. Mill, born and raised in Philadelphia, had the support of the organization and in particular one of its owners, Michael* Rubin, in his high-profile legal battle against a controversial sentence of two to four years in prison for a 2017 probation violation stemming from a 10-year-old conviction. Mill, whose legal name is Robert Rihmeek Williams, served nearly five months of that sentence, before the Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered the 30-year-old rapper's immediate release on bail Tuesday.
After leaving jail, Mill, who was a frequent presence at Sixers games before his imprisonment, was helicoptered to Tuesday night's game 5 of the Sixers v. Miami Heat series.
#Repost @meekmilly215_ 😊😊😊😊😊 #meekmill A post shared by Meek Mill (@meekmill) on Apr 24, 2018 at 4:55pm PDT
Meek Mill is in the building for Game 5. pic.twitter.com/m8oH7j1BwX — NBA on ESPN (@ESPNNBA) April 24, 2018
Sixers run out to Meek Mill's “Ima Boss” 🔥🔥🔥 pic.twitter.com/nL87FnPPZB — Bleacher Report (@BleacherReport) April 24, 2018
Mill's probation violation stemmed from a 2008 drug and gun conviction for which he served eight months in jail and was then put on probation for five years, which was extended several times. Meek has maintained his innocence of the original charge and looks set to get a retrial after the officer most involved in the case has since being found to be deeply corrupt in dozens of cases by an internal police review. The years-long sentencing for a parole violation outraged criminal justice reform activists as a miscarriage of justice and an example of the unfairness of a criminal justice system stacked against black men.
Correction, April 24, 2018: This post originally misidentified the Sixers co-owner as Mitch Rubin; Rubin ‘s first name is Michael.
Hmmm the ever rising profile of actress Toyin Abraham irrespective of whether she changed names or not!
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
In a voice vote, the Idaho House on Monday advised the state's Constitutional Defense Fund to pay two ranchers' $600,000 legal fees because their victory in the Idaho Supreme Court preserved this state's sovereignty over its water.
House Speaker Scott Bedke, R-Oakley and one of the four people who oversee the fund, stepped down from the lectern and handed the gavel over to Majority Leader Mike Moyle so he could lead the debate. Bedke, a rancher himself, said the two ranchers, Paul Nettleton and Tim Lowry of Owyhee County, stood alone against the federal government in their claim that it could not hold the rights to the water their cattle drank on federal lands.
The Idaho Supreme Court ruled on their behalf, saying they, not the federal government, were putting the water to beneficial use — a key element of a state water right. But the court ruled the federal government presented “a legitimate issue,” not a frivolous case, so it did not have to pay the ranchers' legal fees.
“I think there's a wrong out there that needs to be righted,” Bedke said.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Only one House member rose to challenge the proclamation. Rep. Maxine Bell, R-Jerome, questioned its constitutionality and warned it could open future private claims to state payments.
“It troubles me a little bit that they need the help, but it troubles me a more little bit that we might be stepping out in a place where we would continue to have to go, and continue to find funding for the Constitutional Defense Fund,” Bell said.
The measure now goes to the full Senate for consideration.
In 2007, Nettleson's Joyce Livestock Co. and Lowry's LU Ranching Co. won a lawsuit against the U.S. Bureau of Land Management for access to water on federal grazing land. The matter grew out of the state Snake River Basin Adjudication, a 29-year process that resolved more than 158,000 claims to water. Early in the process, the state determined the federal government held the water rights — since it controlled the land — and the ranchers who used the water were its agents, Bedke said.
“One thing I was sure of,” Bedke said, “we were not acting as their agent.”
But he and other ranchers couldn't afford the legal fight and settled.
Nettleton and Lowry did not settle, arguing their claims in the 1870s preceded the passage of the Taylor Grazing Act in 1934 on which the BLM based its filing. The Idaho Supreme Court upheld the adjudication court's ruling, saying the BLM's argument “reflects a misunderstanding of water law.” The U.S. Supreme Court turned down the government's appeal.
“These ranchers were brave enough to stand up to the federal government,” said Majority Caucus Chairman John Vander Woude, R-Nampa. “They've gone into debt at the risk of their ranches for the state of Idaho.”
Bedke is going the proclamation route because state law, passed in 1994, says Idaho can't pay legal fees for private parties in the adjudication. Since the two ranchers' victory strengthened the state's control over its water, he said, they deserved to have the state cover the fees to a San Francisco law firm.
Since the House is not passing a law to pay the bill, the proclamation is not unconstitutional, Deputy Attorney General Brian Kane said in a letter to Rep. Elaine Smith, D-Pocatello.
”Under the Idaho Constitution, a binding law can only be made if passed by the House and Senate and presented to the governor for his signature,” Kane wrote in a March 15 letter obtained by the Idaho Statesman through a public records request. “A proclamation does not meet those legal requirements to become law.
“As a policy pronouncement of the House, no constitutional issues are raised,” Kane said.
This is not the first time the ranchers have sought help from the Idaho Constitutional Defense Fund, set up to protect the state's sovereignty and controlled by a council made up of the governor, attorney general, House speaker and Senate president pro tem. In 2009, Lowry asked Attorney General Lawrence Wasden if the defense fund could be used to pay their fees. The council and the Legislature do not have the authority to appropriate public money for private purposes, Assistant Attorney General Clive Strong wrote in a Feb. 2, 2009 letter.
The House also is expected to approve legislation that would direct the Idaho Department of Water Resources director to begin proceedings to force the federal government to forfeit the stockwater rights currently recognized under state law, based on the Joyce decision. After the 2007 ruling, all stockwater rights went to the ranchers who used them, but thousands of claims prior to then are federal.
“There's unequal treatment under the law and we're trying to fix this legislatively,” Bedke said.
In a meeting with the head of Cambridge Analytica — the political data firm used by the Trump campaign in 2016 — reporters from NBC News' U.K. partner ITN Channel 4 News posed as potential clients interested in changing the outcome of the Sri Lankan elections.
The reporters, who were trying to find out how the company operated, quickly learned about the novel and deceptive methods employed by the company, including bribes, blackmail, and misinformation campaigns. The findings were broadcast by the network on Monday.
On hidden camera, the reporters recorded Alexander Nix, chief executive of Cambridge Analytica, discussing the idea of hypothetically entrapping an opposition leader. He described how the company could record a person accepting a bribe, "an offer he can't refuse" or "send some girls around to the candidate's house."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Nix also floated the idea of spreading misinformation about politicians.
"It doesn't have to be true," Nix said. "It just has to be believed."
He later discussed creating fake IDs and having people pose as students or tourists as a way to further the political efforts without having its work traced back to clients.
Mark Turnbull, managing director of Cambridge Analytica Political Global, was also recorded by the ITN Channel 4 News reporters discussing his relationships with former British spies now working at private companies who can be contracted to gather intelligence, along with private Israeli intelligence companies.
Long a company of interest in the Trump-Russia investigation, Cambridge Analytica came under fresh scrutiny this past weekend after the company's former director of data research, Christopher Wylie, revealed how the company had mined data from at least 50 million Facebook users.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Publicly, the company advertises its ability to build "psychographic" profiles that can microtarget social media political advertising to people based on traits like "extroversion" or "neuroticism."
The company received a $15 million investment from wealthy Republican donor Robert Mercer, who also funded the conservative website Breitbart while Steve Bannon — who later became chief executive of Trump's presidential campaign — was at the helm.
A spokesperson for Cambridge Analytica denied to ITN Channel 4 News that it used any of the tactics discussed in the videos.
“We entirely refute any allegation that Cambridge Analytica or any of its affiliates use entrapment, bribes, or so-called 'honey-traps' for any purpose whatsoever," the spokesperson sent in a statement.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“Cambridge Analytica does not use untrue material for any purpose,” the spokesperson added.
Bannon met with Nix and was interested in how the profiles could be used to change American politics, Wylie said.
"Steve wanted weapons for a culture war. We offered him a way to change the culture of America," Wylie told ITN Channel 4 News. Sources familiar with Cambridge Analytica's work on the Trump campaign say “psychographics” were not used.
A source familiar with the hiring of Cambridge Analytica told NBC News that the primary figures involved in the hiring were Jared Kushner and Brad Parscale, who was digital director of the Trump campaign. Parscale has denied that the firm was useful to the campaign and said the Trump campaign instead used data from the Republican National Committee.
On Friday, Facebook suspended Cambridge Analytica from buying ads or administering pages on its platform on behalf of clients, saying its data policies had been violated.
"We will take legal action if necessary to hold them responsible and accountable for any unlawful behavior," Facebook said in a statement, adding that it was investigating the claims.
The developments drew rebuke from lawmakers on both sides of the Atlantic over the weekend.
“Revelations that Cambridge Analytica secretly acquired the personal, private information of more than 50 million Facebook users without their permission or that of Facebook, must be thoroughly investigated," Rep. Adam Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said in a statement.
Sen. Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota, a Democratic member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, said Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg should appear before the panel to explain what the company knew about the misuse of its customers' data.
Those calls were echoed by Damian Collins, a Conservative lawmaker in Britain leading a parliamentary inquiry into fake news and Russian meddling during Brexit. In previous hearings on the topic, the social media platforms sent their general counsel or policy directors.
Facebook shares slumped 8 percent Monday.
This story is about Published 3h
While unlikely Mavs make noise at trade deadline, these few scenarios could result in some change in Big D Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Tony Gutierrez/AP Los Angeles Lakers forward Julius Randle (30) watches as a shot by Dallas Mavericks forward Harrison Barnes (40) misses in the second half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Jan. 13, 2018, in Dallas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)
By Eddie Sefko , Staff Writer Contact Eddie Sefko on Twitter: @ESefko
SACRAMENTO -- Only a few shopping days remain before Thursday's NBA trade deadline. The Mavericks are bargain hunters and nothing more. They aren't looking to beef up their roster with players who might help them win a few more games and lose a few more spots in their draft position -- unless said players would be considered cornerstones for the future. They aren't looking for a blockbuster because the only way that happens is if they part with one or more of their most desirable assets. And the Mavericks have no inclination to trade Dennis Smith Jr., Harrison Barnes, Dirk Nowitzki or their first-round pick that seems destined to be in the top five of the June draft, maybe the top two.
'I love the city of Dallas, but right now I'm a Laker': Dallas native Julius Randle addresses Mavs trade rumors
With those assets off the table, the odds diminish greatly of the Mavericks doing anything. There is an excellent chance that their roster won't change between now and Thursday's deadline. But there are a few scenarios that would get their attention. Here, we'll look at the best possibilities for action by the team that has a history of doing so many 11th-hour deals but hasn't had a lot of deals work out in recent seasons. Adding draft picks This likely would require them to take back a salary that extends beyond this season. The way it would work is the Mavericks would give up one or more of their expiring contracts (Josh McRoberts' $6 million, Devin Harris' $4.4 million, Nerlens Noel's $4.2 million) and/or minimum contracts of Salah Mejri and Yogi Ferrell. They would take back a longer-term contract and a draft pick. How high would the draft pick be? It all depends on how much salary is attached to it in the form of incoming player(s). If the Mavericks have to take on several seasons for a player with a $10 million annual contract, for instance, they would command a higher draft pick. What kind of player are we talking about? Think along these lines: Oklahoma City's Patrick Patterson, Toronto's C.J. Miles, San Antonio's Rudy Gay, Minnesota's Cole Aldrich, the Lakers' Jordan Clarkson or Cleveland's Jae Crowder. But again, it would not be so much about players coming in return. It would be to stockpile more picks for this year's draft and beyond.
Randle situation This is something that, by all accounts, isn't going to happen until the summer. However, if it is going to happen -- and several reports have the Mavericks as the team that will have Randle fall into their lap if the Los Angeles Lakers are serious about freeing up enough cap space to make a run at Paul George and/or LeBron James. Randle could be the odd man out in LA. It would be a similar situation to what happened with Harrison Barnes at Golden State when the Warriors went after Kevin Durant. These things don't come around very often and the Mavericks could end up getting Randle and a draft pick for very little in return. If the Lakers know that's inevitable, it might behoove them to deal Randle before the trade deadline and perhaps get a better deal in return in the form of expiring contracts. Why would the Mavericks do this? Mainly because it would get the deal done now rather than sweating it out in the offseason when other teams might make a run at Randle that the Lakers would perceive as more palatable.
Young potential The Mavericks are getting younger every year, it seems and finding players in their early 20s with arrows pointing upward is high on their to-do list. Look at a team like Sacramento, which has eight first-round draft picks who still are on their original rookie contracts. The Kings won't be keeping all of those players long term. If the Mavericks are intrigued by someone like Willie Cauley-Stein or Skal Labissiere, they could probably figure out a way to pry them away from the Kings. Golden State has young 20-something talent like Jordan Bell, Damian Jones and Patrick McCaw. One or more of them could be headed for a nice career and none of the three has reached his 23rd birthday yet. These players might not require a trade to acquire. The Warriors clearly have designs on keeping their mega-talents together (and possibly adding more). That could make all the ancillary pieces to their roster available.
Dangling Matthews? If the Mavericks were hopeful of getting a first-round pick for Wesley Matthews, the events of the past few days probably ditched that idea. They have seen Blake Griffin and Nikola Miritic get traded in major swaps that included only one first-round pick each for the team giving up players that are either a star in Griffin's case or on the cusp of stardom with Mirotic. Clearly, first-round draft picks are like gold these days and not many teams are in the mood to give them up.
The final word So what's going to happen with the Mavericks? As owner Mark Cuban and president of basketball operations Donnie Nelson always say, the team will be opportunistic.
Three things to keep in mind when it comes to the Mavs and the NBA trade deadline, including the 'untouchables'
That's also a way of saying that big changes are unlikely. And, as previously mentioned, the Mavericks will only take on high-level talent if it is a no-brainer deal. It would have made no sense to bring on a player like Griffin or Mirotic into their situation and clog up money for the future as they try to rebuild from the ground up. "Teams are making big decisions about reshaping their rosters, their franchises," coach Rick Carlisle said. "And the NBA is always a league of dynamic change. There have been some blockbuster trades. And there could be more." As for whether his team would be involved in any of them, Carlisle said: "I doubt it. I very much doubt it. But I pretty much say [that] each year and that's pretty much what happens." Twitter: @ESefko
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
What does it mean to be human (and a marketer) in a world where even the most creative and intuitive endeavors are being turned into automated, optimized, and streamlined processes?
With the onslaught of stories about the launch of new, fantastic pieces of software or technological advancements that'll make life simpler and computers able to make essential data connections, it seems that we're quickly entering a full-blown "Artificial Intelligence Age."
At the root of AI are perception and cognition, which also happen to be two of the fundamental tenets of the marketing industry. It's no surprise, then, that software, algorithms, and AI applications are consistently used to help marketers and make their job of "adaptive persuasion" more effective and efficient.
Far from being a substitute for the creative process, though, data is empowerment. By offering deeper and more comprehensive consumer insights, data fuels curiosity and raises enlightening questions that help creatives cultivate the emotional connections essential to impactful marketing.
Data is in fact invigorating, then, and much more relevant and necessary for marketers today than ever before.
Algorithms and Creativity: Made for Each Other
At a base level, algorithms and data sciences provide essential details about consumers that enable the creation of meaningful and impactful campaign stories. Beyond story, they also reveal those individuals who are most receptive to a company's mission and goals. They further allow businesses to deliver messages across devices and in the proper consumer context while improving overall effectiveness—making the time and money invested work much harder.
Powerful human insights, when combined with data that bolsters creative interpretation and imagination, can create bold and meaningful advertising and marketing solutions.
Every statistically significant test—whether a data test, such as a new segment, or a creative test, such as design elements—is educational. Of course, there are always a lot of "ifs" and "buts" in these tests. But because algorithms are now a key component of how companies strategize and perform, data scientists can use them to arm creative teams to make informed leaps.
What, then, is the best possible way to marry the scientific mind with the creative one?
The Real-World Benefits of a Wedding
By working in lockstep with data scientists, creatives can better understand who their targets are; what they desire; and what their challenges, behaviors, and motivations are. Creatives can then devise more actionable and efficient marketing solutions and influence consumers' decisions.
In a time when people are looking beyond information for relevant, timely, and focused content, insights from data enable more direct messaging that fosters decision-making. Moreover, a brand that can connect to a specific consumer need or emotion strengthens its relationship to the market and therefore grows.
Nivea's sunscreen print advertisement is a perfect example of this connection. The ad expanded the notion of "beach protection" by supplying parents with a removable bracelet they could use to monitor their children's locations. Fitted with a built-in locater that featured geotracking technology and synced to a mobile app, the bracelet fused intricate data systems with very raw emotions.
Using data in this way enables companies to inform and improve the consumer experience. But only by funneling it through creative minds that are powered by innovative thinking and have the courage to try something new are they able to design the appropriate consumer experience and craft long-lasting brand narratives.
Three Strategies for a Successful Marriage
As companies hope to further engage with their customers, getting creatives and data scientists to unify is essential—so that data folks begin to think creatively, and creative minds get comfortable with data.
That goal may seem overwhelming right now, but understanding that this is an evolving and unconventional partnership, and that it's a collective process, will maximize the inherent value a marriage would offer. Focus on the following three strategies to cultivate it.
1. Foster a connection
Both teams should physically work together with each other. Each can create something insightful on its own, but through collaborating, even before the briefing process starts, the teams have the potential to ignite a spark that will grow your company-consumer relationship.
For creatives: Creatives need to be excited about data and appreciate the new possibilities this revolution, in empowering their creativity, affords them. Data scientists help them embrace this mindset. Creatives must also recognize that those scientists, as humans, are consumers and therefore have a point of view on their creative work.
For data scientists: Most of their job responsibilities and workday might be with numbers, but while collaborating with the creative teams they can learn to "talk human" by being exposed to different tools, such as embedding and contextualizing the numbers in the larger consumer/business narrative. Ultimately, it is the behavioral insights that enhance and differentiate a creative brief. Working together also enables data scientists to better understand the other team's expectations.
2. Enhance communication
Sometimes, even with collaboration, it can seem like your teams are speaking different languages. The thing you, as a leader, need to do is help them invest in the relationship by encouraging communication and building trust.
For creatives: They should play the role of devil's advocate and give constructive feedback on things like the design of the measurement and optimization process. In this way, data scientists know that they are "thinking with them." Likewise, creatives should ask questions about, and become actively involved in, the data mining and harvesting process, which will help those scientists devise relevant, thought-provoking questions and enhance the information gained.
For data scientists: It's their job to wed the creative's gut to the theoretically crafted test design and its parameters in order to optimize the entire journey. By sharing the measurement and optimization process and delivering test results with constructive feedback, they can help creatives logically understand what's working and what's not.
3. Create unity
Only after both teams successfully collaborate and learn to trust each other's abilities and intentions can unity be fully achieved, so leaders should align their teams through a shared vision.
For creatives and data scientists: Continuing to discuss and celebrate each other's points of view helps both teams appreciate the other's credibility within and outside the workplace. Such an inclusive environment could not only unlock the missing puzzle piece that everyone has been looking for but also mean that neither team will have to create in a vacuum moving forward. And although cohesive processes are certainly important, structuring around a shared vision ensures that you're ultimately unifying goals.
* * *
Marketing is in the business of creative solutions, not in the data business. AI and machine learning tools that are making major advances in perception and cognition are simply offering a new way of doing that same business we're in—but helping us get better at our jobs.
And that's something we should embrace.
Before a ball was even kicked in anger on Sunday, Carlow held the upper hand. As the players made their way to their respective positions prior to throw-in Carlow players piled into one Kildare player after another with abandon, and with the exception of Kildare team captain, Eoin Doyle, the response from Kildare, was, well muted to the say the very least.
No doubt this was all pre-planned, but it had an effect. Carlow set the tone and set it big time.
That was to be expected, we were told after the game.
Well it may have been expected but the reaction, or lack of reaction from the players in white must have given the boys from Division 4 a major boost.
Here we were, a team from Division 1 (albeit relegated at this stage) playing a side that has come from the depths of the league; no hopers in the bookies eyes; no hopers according to most commentators yet they dictated the game before a ball was thrown in; they dictated after the ball was thrown in and did so from start to finish as Kildare played throughout like a side hoping and waiting for something to happen rather than grabbing the game by the scruff of the neck and making it happen.
Of course this is not the first time The Lilies have fallen to so-called inferior opposition.
Remember Drogheda under Micko; remember Wicklow under The Geezer, and there were others down the year, but somehow this seems even worse than anything we have all experienced.
This was, without a shadow of a doubt Kildare's worse display in 25 years, at least.
So what has gone wrong?
Granted the league proved a step too far but that was against the best teams in the country, the cream of the crop, yet early on at least, while not winning, not getting over the line, they were competitive but gradually the blood was sucked out of them; the belief was drained away; the competitiveness that we saw in the early on was nothing but a distant memory by the time the league came to its inevitable and worrying conclusion.
A mere 12 months ago Kildare were more than a match for Laois and Meath before putting up a respectable display against Dublin but were extremely disappointing against Kieran McGeeney's Armagh; proof positive indeed that Kildare, when the pressure is on; when expected to win, they just do not seem capable of getting over the line; they fold too easily and they fold too often.
Do we look at the management or more specifically the manager?
Do we look at the players?
Do we look at the tactics on the day?
Has, for instance, the manager lost the dressing room?
Has there been too much emphasis on technical side of the game; the videos; the blackboards the tactics and maybe not enough on the actual playing of the game?
Manager Cian O'Neill admitted after the game that he has to look at his own performance; his management's performance while also suggesting that the players must look at themselves also.
And there can be no doubt about that.
These players are well looked after; they get everything that they are entitled to, and a lot more besides, and so they should.
They are elite athletes, train hard, make the sacrifices just as every other elite athlete in the country does, regardless of gender and regardless of their sport. That is what county players sign up for.
But one thing that should not be forgotten is that playing for your county is an honour; to put a county jersey on is a privilege and when a lad is handed a white shirt he should leave no stone unturned on the field of play; come off that field knowing, regardless of whether winning or losing, that he gave it absolutely everything.
That unfortunately did not happen on Sunday; there are a few players going around with a swagger, a swagger that has no meaning; has not been earned and should have no place in this, or any Kildare set-up. The time for a swagger (if there is ever a time) is when a player has achieved something; being handed a county jersey is not an achievement in itself, it is a stepping stone to (hopefully) greater things; a road to something special, not something to stand back and admire and take for granted.
And now to compound matters what do we get after such a terrible display but a trip to Joe Brolly country, Owenbeg, on Saturday week, with a 3 pm throw-in. Playing it in Owenbeg suggests the mind games are already under way, at least up north.
And while Derry are not setting the lights out at present, their fall from Division 1 only a few short years ago to Division 4 come 2019 is nothing short of incredible, but having said that travelling to Derry and hoping to come away with a win, taking in what happened on Sunday is one hell of an ask.
On Sunday's display there won't be too many thinking The Lilies can get anything out of that game and that's for sure.
But that game just might be a blessing in disguise as it will give players, possibly a last chance in some cases, of showing what it really means to play for your county.
It is an opportunity that can either be grabbed by the scruff of the neck and attempt to try to get the season back on track, or it can confirm what many already believe, that this is a dead team walking.
Regardless of what happens the weekend after next there has to be a major rethink of exactly where Kildare are.
There needs to be an in depth look at the structures; at the team management, and very importantly, at the make-up of the panel of players.
Having ability is one thing; having the hunger is quiet another; some hard decisions need to be taken and taken rapidly, both on and off the field of play.
Are those in charge of running the affairs of the county capable of making the right decisions for the right reasons?
There are many who think not, rightly or wrongly.
In fairness it is premature to be going down that line just yet but come two weeks time, or when ever Kildare make their inevitable exit from this season's championship, a major overhaul will be required that ensures Kildare's decline is halted and halted immediately.
On a day when there was little to cheer about, little to get too enthused about and little that would give anyone a lift, there was certainly one good news story. For some months one of the great Kildare followers, Ollie Doyle from Round Towers country, has been fighting illness and it was brilliant to see him in O'Connor Park, looking great and well on his way to a full recovery. A ray of light in an otherwise dismal, dull and disappointing afternoon.
CLAREMORE, Okla. — Officials say a jockey who was injured during a race at a northeastern Oklahoma track has died.
The Cherokee Nation says jockey Mario Chavez was injured Saturday at Will Rogers Downs after his horse crashed into the inside rail, throwing him to the ground. Gunnar Enlow, whose family owns the farm where the 42-year-old Chavez worked, says Chavez was pronounced dead at the hospital on Sunday.
Chavez bred and raced horses for 26 years in northeastern Oklahoma. He won the Tulsa State Fair stakes in July.
The Cherokee Nation owns and operates the racetrack in Claremore, about 25 miles northeast of Tulsa.
Hello pretties!
Lancome The Un-Nudes Matte Shaker Trio is definitely a steal for those of you who are Lancome Shaker fans. I do own a couple of Matte Shaker Trios (OMG, forgot to review them) but my favorites are the Juicy Shakers. Yeah, I love me some shine so Lancome Juicy Shaker Meli Melon (review) has been in my purse for months when it launched. I used that baby on my lips almost everyday and also as a blush whenever I needed a juicy color on my cheeks.
Availability
U.S. Launch Date – Now at Nordstrom
A three-piece collection of full-sized Matte Shakers in intense nude shades to show off your boldest nude lips yet.
These highly pigmented matte liquid lipsticks deliver intense color payoff and include vitamin E for a lightweight, second-skin feel that wears comfortably throughout the day without drying out your lips. Its pillow-like cushion applicator allows for precise application without streaks or smudges.
Shades:
250 Nude Delhi
260 Nudevotion
270 Beige Vintage
SHOP THIS POST
Fall is here and my garden is looking pretty shabby, it's definitely time for a fall clean up. If you grew tomatoes or potatoes, it's time to remove all of the plants and put them in the yard debris bin. I've been pulling tomatoes off the vine as soon as I see red and ripening them on the counter. You can speed up the process by putting them in a box or bag with a banana. I also cut back my flowers, irises, daylilies, peonies and others. But don't cut back everything. Leave things like sunflowers, black-eyed susans and other plants with seeds or berries for the birds to eat. I wish I would've left my cabbage plants alone because they along with kale, broccoli and cauliflowers attract, and then kill off, harmful pests if left in the ground.
https://www.rodalesorganiclife.com/garden/fall-garden-cleanup
how to ripen tomatoes: http://www.hgtv.com/outdoors/flowers-and-plants/vegetables/how-to-ripen-green-tomatoes
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) -
Press Release Highlights:
Results from the C2 structure ("C2") infill drill program include: 108.39 g/t gold ("Au") over 3.40 meters ("m") (11.86 g/t Au capped at 34.3 g/t Au, 1.96 m in true thickness) 15.66 g/t Au over 4.90 m (13.95 g/t Au capped, 4.09 m in true thickness) 9.66 g/t Au over 2.50 m (no capping required, 1.99 m in true thickness) 9.53 g/t Au over 5.60 m (no capping required, 4.40 m in true thickness)
Results from the C4 structure ("C4") infill and expansion drill program include: 57.29 g/t Au over 4.60 m (15.71 g/t Au capped, 4.43 m in true thickness) 11.16 g/t Au over 3.60 m (no capping required, 3.41 m in true thickness) 9.81 g/t Au over 2.40 m (no capping required, 2.16 m in true thickness) 9.06 g/t Au over 6.70 m (no capping required, 5.58 m in true thickness)
Results from the C5 structure ("C5") expansion drill program include 12.91 g/t Au over 3.70 m (no capping required, 3.10 m in true thickness)
10,000 m underground definition drill program commenced on April 10, 2017; drilling to be conducted at 10 x 10 m centers into the C2 bulk sample target at the Triangle Deposit and is designed to further define the targeted area in preparation for the start of bulk sampling in May 2017
Main ramp has advanced to 850 m (1,345 m total with secondary underground infrastructure); ramp currently progressing in the footwall of the C2 zone adjacent to the bulk sample target area
Integra Gold Corp. (TSX VENTURE: ICG)( OTCQX : ICGQF), ("Integra" or the "Company") is pleased to announce additional assay results from its drill program on the Triangle Deposit ("Triangle") situated on the Lamaque Gold Project ("Lamaque") in Val-d'Or, Québec. The results announced today are from 6,930 m of drilling (28 drill holes) completed at Triangle. Results are currently pending from over 8,525 m (48 drill holes) of diamond drilling completed at Lamaque in 2017.
"Infill and expansion drilling disclosed today on some of our highest grade zones continue to confirm the quality and continuity of gold mineralization at Triangle. In addition, infill drilling on the C2 structure within the area of the bulk sample target continues to impress us with both its remarkable grades and stand-out widths," commented Integra President and CEO Stephen de Jong. "In addition, the results reported at depth from the C5 structure are starting to outline a zone that could grow significantly in the future with additional drilling, both in strike-length and dip continuity."
Infill Drilling on the C2 Structure Continues to Intersect Significant High-Grade Mineralization within the Selected Bulk Sample Area
The surface infill drill program in the selected bulk sample target area of C2 was completed at approximately 20 m to 25 m centers with an objective to define the continuity and geometry of the gold-bearing structures. Further definition of the mineralized structure in the area of the bulk sample will be achieved with a 10,000 m underground infill drill program, to be conducted at 10 m x 10 m drill centers. The close-spaced underground definition drill program at C2 will also provide valuable information for bulk sample planning and the advancement of the Company's underground exploration ramp. The information to be obtained by this drilling will aid in the selection of crosscut locations and future "in-mineralization" drifting. Planned "in-mineralization" drifting will also provide the material for the bulk sample, estimated to be approximately 25,000 tonnes.
Reported drill results from the surface C2 infill drilling at 25 m centers include the following (all results uncapped, downhole width, see full assay tables for details):
108.39 g/t Au over 3.40 m (C2 - TM-17-264)
15.66 g/t Au over 4.90 m (C2 - TM-17-262)
9.66 g/t Au over 2.50 m (C2 - TM-17-266)
9.53 g/t Au over 5.60 m (C2 - TM-17-265)
As illustrated in the longitudinal section for C2 (see link below), results from some intercepts are still pending. Note that the true thicknesses of intervals are indicated on all longitudinal sections and will differ from downhole lengths reported in the drill assay tables.
C2 longsection: http://www.integragold.com/site/assets/files/2268/ls_c2-pr_2017-04-18.pdf
Triangle Drill Results Summary
The following table highlights selected intercepts from this set of drill results. Additional results for drill holes disclosed in this news release can be found at the link below. Individual composites are disclosed as both uncapped and capped (when applicable) with individual values capped at 34.3 g/t Au.
Drill Hole Number (1)
From
(m)
To
(m)
Interval
(m) (2)
Gold
Assay (g/t) (3)
Interpreted
Zone TM-15-016W01* 651.30 658.00 6.70 9.06 C4 TM-15-016W02M02* 648.65 651.20 2.55 6.29 C4 863.50 866.20 2.70 5.40 C5 934.50 940.50 6.00 5.19 C6 TM-15-016W03M02* 780.16 782.50 2.34 6.07 C4-60 783.00 784.49 1.49 57.43 n/a Capped 20.66 845.50 849.20 3.70 12.91 C5 903.00 905.35 2.35 6.41 C5-10 908.50 912.55 4.05 7.57 n/a TM-16-118W01M02* 401.40 403.40 2.00 12.29 C3-70 457.40 460.10 2.70 5.74 C4 TM-16-118W02M01* 464.50 468.10 3.60 11.16 C4 TM-16-147W01M02* 548.10 550.22 2.12 5.24 C4 TM-16-208 (extension)* 597.65 602.25 4.60 57.29 C4 Capped 15.71 Include 0.70 290.00 684.70 687.20 2.50 60.10 C4-40 Capped 8.60 695.20 695.70 0.50 140.97 n/a Capped 34.30 TM-17-239A 707.00 711.50 4.50 8.41 C4 Capped 7.24 TM-17-246 438.35 440.75 2.40 9.81 C4 TM-17-249 (extension) 374.05 375.10 1.05 46.66 n/a Capped 25.02 TM-17-262 167.10 172.00 4.90 15.66 C2 Capped 13.95 TM-17-264 153.60 157.00 3.40 108.39 C2 Capped 11.86 Include 0.50 684.99 TM-17-265 66.40 67.90 1.50 7.32 n/a 73.40 79.00 5.60 9.53 C2 TM-17-266 67.30 70.00 2.70 6.47 n/a 77.00 79.50 2.50 9.66 C2 n/a - no zone assigned yet
Drill holes with * = Holes that were extended in 2017 but for which the original drill hole name was kept. Downhole thickness; true width varies depending on drill hole dip; most drill holes are aimed at intersecting the vein structures close to perpendicular therefore true widths are close to downhole widths (between 70 to 90% conversion ratio); true widths of C structures intercepts are presented on longitudinal sections (links available below). Selection of mineralized intervals are based on geological observations, mainly on the amount of quartz-tourmaline-sulfide veining, and on a 1.00 g/t Au cut-off for compositing; composited intervals are presented uncap and capped (when applicable) with individual values capped at 34.3 g/t Au; no minimum thicknesses considered.
To view the assay results table for drill holes released today please click on the following link:
http://www.integragold.com/site/assets/files/2265/2017_compositestriangle_nr-18042017.pdf
To view a cross-section of Triangle and the No. 4 Plug Deposit please click on the following link:
http://www.integragold.com/site/assets/files/2269/triangle_longsection_18_april_2017_use.pdf
Drilling on the C4 and C5 Structures Continue to Support Geological Model and Resource Estimation
Infill and expansion drill results for both the C4 and C5 continue to demonstrate good internal and lateral continuity of the gold-bearing structures while supporting the Company's current geological and resource models. In addition, successful expansion drilling at C5 indicates the potential for additional resource growth. An intensive infill and expansion drill program will continue throughout the year on both structures. The goal of the drill program this year is to transfer resources from the inferred category to the indicated category while replacing converted resources with new inferred resources. As demonstrated in the last resource estimate report, the Company has an excellent track record of resource conversion, consistently increasing the indicated resources at Lamaque and replacing converted resources with new, additional inferred resources.
Significant C4 and C5 drill results announced today include (all results uncapped, downhole width, see full assay tables for details):
57.29 g/t Au over 4.60 m (C4 - TM-16-208 Extension)
11.16 g/t Au over 3.60 m (C4 - TM-16-118W02M01)
9.81 g/t Au over 2.40 m (C4 - TM-17-246)
9.06 g/t Au over 6.70 m (C4 - TM-15-016W01)
8.41 g/t Au over 4.50 m (C4 - TM-15-016W01)
12.91 g/t Au over 3.70 m (C5 - TM-15-016W03M02)
Numerous intercepts from the secondary C-Splay structures ("C-Splays"), and unassigned intervals, are also reported in this release. These intercepts provide insight into the potential contribution these structures may have on the resource base in the future. Significant drill results within the C-Splays, and unassigned intervals, announced today include (all results uncapped, downhole width, see full assay tables for details):
140.97 g/t Au over 0.50 m (unassigned - TM-16-208 Extension)
60.10 g/t Au over 2.50 m (C4-40 - TM-16-208 Extension)
57.43 g/t Au over 1.49 m (unassigned - TM-15-016W03M02)
46.66 g/t Au over 1.05 m (unassigned - TM-17-249 Extension)
12.29 g/t Au over 2.00 m (C3-70 - TM-16-118W01M02)
As illustrated in the vertical longitudinal sections of C4 and C5 (see link below), additional results are pending from infill and extensional drill holes at various depths ranging from 325 m to 825 m vertical.
C4 longsection: http://www.integragold.com/site/assets/files/2267/ls_c4-pr_2017-04-18.pdf
C5 longsection: http://www.integragold.com/site/assets/files/2266/ls_c5-pr_2017-04-18_vuse.pdf
Lamaque Project Exploration Program Summary
The results announced today are from 28 drill holes representing 6,930 m of drilling at Triangle. Assays are pending from an additional 48 drill holes, representing 8,525 m, completed at Lamaque in 2017. Results of all drill holes drilled in 2017, including those disclosed today, were not included in the updated resource estimate disclosed on March 22, 2017. An updated resource estimate for Lamaque is planned for Q4 2017. Drill results will continue to be disclosed as they become available.
As of April 10, 2017, a total of 27,015 m drilling, representing 120 drill holes (including new drill holes, extensions and wedges) were completed at Lamaque. Of this total, drilling at Triangle accounted for 15,021 m in 76 holes (completed, ongoing, wedges and abandoned drill holes). A total of six drill rigs are currently operating at Lamaque with four drill rigs on surface at Triangle, one drill rig underground at Triangle, and one drill rig on the Lamaque Deep target.
Project and Company Profile
Integra Gold is a junior gold exploration company advancing projects in Val-d'Or, Québec, one of the top mining jurisdictions in the world. The Company's primary focus is its high-grade Lamaque South project. In the fall of 2014, Integra completed the accretive acquisition of the Sigma Mill and Mine Complex, a fully permitted 2,200 ton per day mill and tailings facility. With major federal and provincial permits in place, existing infrastructure and significant exploration potential, this acquisition removed major costs and shortened timelines typically associated with mine projects. Integra has raised over $125 million since 2013, at successively higher share prices, despite depressed gold prices. In August 2015, Eldorado Gold Corporation completed a strategic investment in Integra, acquiring 15% of the outstanding common shares. Integra was named to the TSX Venture top 50 performers in 2015 and the OTCQX Best 50 award for 2015.
Qualified Person
The Lamaque project is under the direct supervision of Hervé Thiboutot, Eng., Senior Vice-President of the Company, and Jacques Simoneau, P. Geo., Exploration Manager of the Company. Mr. Thiboutot and Mr. Simoneau are Qualified Persons ("QPs") as defined by the National Instrument 43-101. The Company's QPs have reviewed the technical content of this release.
Quality Assurance - Quality Control ("QA/QC")
Thorough QA/QC protocols are followed on the project including insertion of duplicate, blank and standard samples in all drill holes. The core samples are submitted directly to the Bourlamaque and ALS Laboratories in Val-d'Or for preparation and analysis. Analysis is conducted on 1 assay-ton aliquots. Analysis of Au is performed using fire assay method with atomic absorption (AA) finish, with a gravimetric finish completed for samples exceeding 5 g/t Au. Results published are from the gravimetric finish if above 5 g/t Au and from the AA finish if lower than 5 g/t Au.
ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Stephen de Jong
CEO & President
Follow Integra Gold On: Twitter: http://twitter.com/integragoldcorp
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this news release.
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: Certain disclosures in this release constitute forward-looking statements, including timing of completion of an updated resource estimate, timing of completion of an updated PEA and completion of the Sigma-Lamaque transaction. In making the forward-looking statements in this release, the Company has applied certain factors and assumptions that are based on the Company's current beliefs as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to the Company, including that the Company is able to obtain any government or other regulatory approvals, that the Company is able to procure personnel, equipment and supplies required for its exploration and development activities in sufficient quantities and on a timely basis and that actual results are consistent with management's expectations. Although the Company considers these assumptions to be reasonable based on information currently available to it, they may prove to be incorrect, and the forward-looking statements in this release are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause future results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. Such risk factors include, among others, those matters identified in its continuous disclosure filings, including its most recently filed MD&A. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The Company does not intend, and expressly disclaims any intention or obligation to, update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: 3i considers giving Agent Provocateur the slip
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
A Los Angeles County sheriff's sergeant allegedly forced a subordinate to perform sexual favors in exchange for granting her time-off requests, according to a report.
Sgt. Michael John Spina's alleged lewd behavior began in February 2016, when he asked if he could grope the female deputy in order to “get himself off,” the LA Times reported, citing court documents.
The victim complied, fearing if she didn't, she wouldn't be given the time off.
Spina, 37, allegedly unzipped his pants and fondled the woman's breast while trying to kiss her. When the woman turned away, he exclaimed that he was “bored” and walked away.
During another instance in July 2016, Spina called the victim into his office at the Twin Towers Correctional Facility and locked the door, the paper reported. He told her that she “owed” him for giving her a day off.
The sergeant then fondled the woman's breast while watching porn and masturbating, according to the report.
Spina also allegedly asked the woman in June 2016 if he could perform a sexual act on her. She repeatedly told him no.
The sergeant, who joined the department in 2001, was arrested Aug. 9 and charged with sexual battery, false imprisonment and indecent exposure.
He has been placed on administrative leave.
Department spokeswoman Nicole Nishida said confidentiality laws barred her from saying whether Spina is still being paid or answering questions about whether other female subordinates were involved.
“The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department expects all of its members to hold themselves to the highest ethical and professional standards at all times and has a comprehensive Policy of Equality for reporting alleged incidents of this nature,” the department said in a statement.
CHAPEL HILL (WNCT) – Wallace-Rose Hill standout senior running back, Javonte Williams has committed to play football at North Carolina next season.
Tar Heel head coach Larry Fedora made the offer to Williams after his 207 yards and two touchdowns helped lead the Bulldogs to a fourth straight title. Williams quickly accepted Fedora's offer.
Williams, a 5-foot-11, 215-pound running back put up video game like numbers throughout his senior year. According to Max Preps, Williams appeared in all 15 games for the Bulldogs where he rushed for 2,287 yards and 27 touchdowns. The senior averaged 14.4 yards per carry.
On top of his performance on the field, Williams carries a 4.0 GPA in the classroom. Before Saturday's championship game, Williams had no major FBS offers. According to 247sports, Williams is a two-star recruit.
Williams is set to play in the 2017 Shrine Bowl of the Carolinas on Dec. 16 at Wofford College.
North Dakota store among 1,000 openings planned in 2017
GOODLETTSVILLE, Tenn. — Dollar General Corp. expanded into its 44state on Sunday with the opening of a store in Hankinson, North Dakota. The company said it plans to open six additional stores in the state through this spring.
“Celebrating today's grand opening in North Dakota is very exciting for Dollar General,” Dollar General chief executive officer Todd Vasos said in a statement. “This is an important milestone for Dollar General as we expand into our 44th state and build our presence in the upper Midwest. We look forward to serving additional communities with value and convenience as we grow our footprint throughout the state and welcoming new North Dakotan employees to the Dollar General family.”
Dollar General's stores in North Dakota are scheduled to be supported by items from one of the company's newest distribution centers, which is located in Janesville, Wis.
Dollar General last added new states to its territory in March 2015, when it expanded from 40 states to 43 states with the grand opening of stores in Maine, Rhode Island and Oregon.
The retailer has announced that it plans to open 1,000 new stores store and two state-of-the-art distribution centers in 2017. The expansion will create 10,000 new jobs, the company said, boosting the retailer's workforce by 9% and marking the largest one-year employee increase through organic store and distribution center growth in the company's 78-year history.
“Dollar General looks forward to welcoming new employees who want to grow with us as we expand throughout the states we serve,” Vasos said. “These new jobs reflect the organization's commitment to seize growth opportunities and further deliver Dollar General's value proposition of everyday-low prices on quality merchandise to customers. Since joining Dollar General in 2008, I've had the privilege to see the company grow from approximately 72,000 employees to more than 130,000 anticipated employees by end of the 2017 fiscal year.”
“This year's continued growth presents numerous opportunities for candidates looking to begin and develop their careers at one of America's fastest-growing retailers,” said Bob Ravener, Dollar General's executive vice president and chief people officer.
FORT LAUDERDALE, FLA. (WSVN) - A Broward teen accused of making an online threat toward his school has been released.
Tyler Ahrens has been released from juvenile detention on a judge's order and will be on house arrest, Tuesday.
Officials determined he is not mentally ill and believe he threatened his school, J.P. Taravella, for attention.
Police arrested the 17-year-old on April 3 for allegedly posting a comment on YouTube that said he was going to shoot up his school.
The state attorney is still deciding on charges.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Kesha paid tribute to the late Tom Petty by covering “Into the Great Wide Open” during her concert in Boston on Wednesday.
She said:
“I'm not trying to be a downer, but I just think this is one of the most beautiful songs ever written and I wanna pay my respects.”
If you didn't know, Kesha is a longtime Tom Petty fan. She's performed twice at the annual Petty fest tribute concert.
Griffin's big third quarter helps Pistons top Kings 106-90
hello
Sacramento Kings forward Skal Labissiere, left, goes to the basket as Detroit Pistons forward Anthony Tolliver, center and Ish Smith, right, look on during the first half of an NBA basketball game Monday, March 19, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Associated Press
Detroit Pistons guard Ish Smith, center right, tries to stop the drive of Sacramento Kings guard De'Aaron Fox during the first half of an NBA basketball game Monday, March 19, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Associated Press
Detroit Pistons center Andre Drummond (0) and Sacramento Kings guard De'Aaron Fox, right, go for the rebound during the first half of an NBA basketball game Monday, March 19, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Associated Press
Detroit Pistons forward Blake Griffin goes to the basket during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Sacramento Kings, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Associated Press
Sacramento Kings guard Buddy Hield, center, tries to fight through the screen set by Detroit Pistons forward Blake Griffin, left, as he guards Pistons forward Reggie Bullock, right during the first half of an NBA basketball game Monday, March 19, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Associated Press
SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- Blake Griffin had 26 points, nine rebounds and seven assists and the Detroit Pistons pulled away in the third quarter to beat the Sacramento Kings 106-90 on Monday night.
Ish Smith had 18 points, Reggie Bullock added 17 and Anthony Tolliver scored 12 points behind three 3-pointers - one of three Pistons with a trio of 3s. Andre Drummond had just four points but pulled down 16 rebounds to help Detroit end its three-game losing streak.
The Pistons won on the road for only the 10th time this season.
On a night when the Kings' Vince Carter had seven points to move past Patrick Ewing into 22nd place on the NBA's career scoring list, Griffin led Detroit to the lopsided win with another in a string of big games this month.
Griffin scored on a spinning layup, a 3-pointer and a drive from the top of the key to spark a 13-4 run in the third quarter. He later drove around a pair of defenders for a two-handed dunk then added two free throws to put Detroit up 70-61.
It's the seventh time in 10 games that Griffin has scored 24 points or more.
Bullock made a pair of 3s in the fourth quarter to extend the Pistons lead to 98-76.
Detroit won in Sacramento for the first time since Dec. 13, 2014.
Willie Cauley-Stein scored 20 points for the Kings. De'Aaron Fox added 16 points and four assists while Justin Jackson had 15 points.
Carter, the 41-year-old former dunk champion, had a thunderous one-handed jam to spark a 9-2 run early in the second quarter then added a 12-foot fadeaway later to put the Kings up 35-33. Carter later made a 3-pointer in the third quarter to pass Ewing.
Sacramento was still ahead when Griffin six of his 15 first-half points over the final 4 minutes to help tie the game at 44.
The two teams were still tied midway through the third when Griffin took over during a 13-4 run by Detroit.
TIP-INS
Pistons: Reggie Jackson continues to make steady progress and could resume playing this week after missing more than two months with a severely sprained right ankle.
Kings: Sacramento missed eight of its first nine shots but still shot 40 percent in the first quarter. ... Bogdan Bogdanovic (sore left hamstring) did not play for the first time since missing the first three games of the season because of a sore ankle.
UP NEXT
Pistons: Play at Phoenix on Tuesday.
Kings: Host Atlanta on Thursday.
___
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
A Colorado mom says police officers shut down her boys' lemonade stand over a permitting issue. ABC 7
LAS VEGAS — Don Cherry put NHL commissioner Gary Bettman on the spot about expanding the league back into Quebec City.
Cherry and co-host Ron McLean were speaking during their Coach's Corner segment on Wednesday night during the first intermission of Game 2 of the Stanley Cup final between the Washington Capitals and the expansion Vegas Golden Knights. Bettman was standing nearby and the Hockey Night in Canada commentators invited him to step in front of the camera.
"Gary, what I have to say to you here is: Quebec is unbelievable to me," said Cherry. "There's never been a rivalry in hockey or any sport like Quebec and Montreal. I think they've been very good, they've been keeping their mouths shut. They have not been saying a word."
The Quebec Nordiques entered the NHL in 1979 as part of the World Hockey Association's merger with the league. After struggling through their first season in the NHL, the Nordiques improved and began a fierce rivalry with the Montreal Canadiens. In 1995 the team relocated to Denver and became the Colorado Avalanche.
In 2015 a bid was made for Quebec City to earn a new expansion team. Buoyed by the completion of the Videotron Centre that year, the Quebec City bid was deferred until a later date. The 18,259-seat arena has hosted several pre-season NHL games.
"They had 18,000 people in there, they have a brand-new building, they're ready to go, I think it's fantastic," said Cherry before McLean coaxed Bettman in front of the camera. "What do you say? I think they deserve it. They really do."
Addressing Bettman, McLean explained that although Cherry supported expansion into Quebec, Boston Bruins owner Jeremy Jacobs had recently voiced his misgivings about a team in Quebec City.
"A lot of issues, logistical and otherwise," said Bettman in response to McLean. "Mr. Jacobs expressed an opinion of some skepticism, but we're not in a process right now and he has one vote."
Cherry re-stated his case for a return to Quebec City in reply before Bettman leaned over to McLean and said "I think (Cherry) his popularity just went up in Quebec."
By The Canadian Press
The new version 1.0 features added to the VENICE will include support for Full-Frame 24x36mm recording in time for the camera to ship. Continuing on listening to customer feedback into the camera's development, Sony is announcing several new capabilities including a “Dual Base ISO” mode. With 15+ stops of exposure latitude, VENICE will support an additional High Base ISO of 2500 utilizing the sensor's unique physical attributes. Take that Panasonic! Maybe other camera manufacturers will follow suit. The Dual Base ISO takes advantage of Sony's unique sensor for superb low light performance with great dynamic range – from 6 stops over to 9 stops under 18% middle gray which is pretty darn impressive.
As a shooter, I was a little worried about the original base ISO of 500, but seeing Sony listening to customers and delivering a second base ISO of 2500 is comforting and makes the VENICE way more interesting as a purchase. I love the 6K Full-Frame capabilities as well as the multiple lens mount options. I think we might start seeing a few of these cameras floating around soon.
This new capability is a result of requests to increase exposure indexes at higher ISOs for night exteriors, dark interiors, working with slower lenses or where content needs to be graded in High Dynamic Range while maintaining the maximum shadow details.
An added benefit unique to VENICE is its built-in 8-step optical ND filter servo mechanism. This can emulate different ISO operating points when in High Base ISO 2500 and also maintains the extremely low levels of noise characteristics of the VENICE sensor. This new flexibility significantly expands the range of creative possibilities for production professionals.
VENICE also features new color science designed to deliver a soft tonal film look, with shadows and mid-tones having a natural response and the highlights preserving the dynamic range.
Sony has also developed the VENICE camera menu simulator. This user-friendly tool is designed to give camera operators an opportunity to familiarize themselves with the camera's operational workflow before using VENICE in production via an intuitive, elegant menu system.
Additional upcoming features and capabilities planned to be available later this year as free firmware upgrades in version 2.0 include:
25p in 6K Full-Frame Mode will be added in Version 2
“False Color” has been moved from version 3 to versions 2
VENICE WORKFLOW
The camera has an established workflow with support from Sony's RAW Viewer v3, and third party vendors including Filmlight Baselight v5, Davinci Resolve v14.3, andAssimilate Scratch v8.6 among others. Sony continues to work closely with all relevant third parties to ensure a cohesive workflow including editing, grading, color management, and dailies.
Another often requested feature is support for high frame rates, which Sony is working to implement and make available at a later date. YES! Give us more High Frame Rate options.
The latest public demonstration of VENICE is at the BSC Expo 2018, which begins today in Battersea, London. Internationally renowned British cinematographer Richard Blanshard will showcase Full-Frame content shot with the VENICE camera system. He will also deliver a seminar titled “Full-Frame shooting with CineAlta VENICE.”
VENICE Key Features
True 36x24mm Full Frame imaging based on the photography standard that goes back 100 years
Built-in 8-Step Optical ND filter servo mechanism
Dual Base ISO mode, with High Base ISO 2500
New color science for appealing skin tones and graceful highlights.
Aspect ratio freedom: Full Frame 3:2 (1.5:1), 4K 4:3 full height anamorphic, spherical 17:9, 16:9.
Lens mounts with 18mm flange depth opens up lens options (PL Lens mount included).
15+ stops of exposure latitude
User-interchangeable sensor, requires removal of just six screws, enabling future upgrades and production flexibility.
6K resolution (6048 x 4032) in Full Frame mode
The VENICE CineAlta motion picture camera system will be available this month, February 2018. VENICE version 2.0 firmware upgrades will be available in summer 2018.Optional licenses are required for Full Frame and anamorphic shooting. For more information about the VENICE platform, please visit www.sony.com/VENICE.
CTV Vancouver
A terrifying home invasion attempt in B.C.'s Fraser Valley was thwarted late Tuesday afternoon thanks to a determined resident with a baseball bat.
James Goertzen was home with his wife when someone started knocking on the door of their Bevan Avenue residence around 6:30 p.m.
Believing it was company, Goertzen opened the door, only to find a stranger who immediately forced his way inside – but Goertzen fought back.
"I have a baseball bat by the door, and I hit him in the sternum with it and he bent over a little bit," Goertzen said.
A scuffle ensued, during which Goertzen said he put the intruder "in a death-lock and held him until the cops came."
Police were called to the property and found the two men in a struggle when they arrived. Sgt. Patrick Dyck said the homeowner was unscathed, but the suspect was injured.
"As a result of the struggle with the homeowner, the suspect received minor injuries and was subsequently taken to Abbotsford hospital for assessment," Dyck said.
Goertzen's wife was also checked over by ambulance paramedics as a precaution.
Police are still investigating the home invasion attempt, but said it appears the couple's home was targeted completely at random.
Seaford students raise more than £500 for Children with Cancer UK
Seaford students sold 250 roses around the College on Valentine's Day, raising well over £500 for the Boarding House Walled Garden West's charity of the term, Children with Cancer UK.
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
The flowers were hand-cut, wrapped and delivered around the campus by the students throughout the day, who also prepared handwritten cards, with messages for each recipient.
Head of Boarding, Matthew Pitteway, was pleased with the effort the students put in: “They have taken up the challenge of delivering so many roses with great enthusiasm. The Boarding House picks a different charity to support every term. Last term, we raised £560 for St Barnabas Hospice in Worthing. Children with Cancer UK is the leading national children's charity dedicated to the fight against childhood cancer, and we're really proud to have supported them this term, and bringing a little Valentine's joy around Seaford College in the process.”
NEITI urged the President to issue an Executive Order making beneficial ownership disclosure mandatory by extractive industries
The post Knowing real owners of oil, gas firms crucial to curb corruption – NEITI appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Coming to sacbee.com: Imagine going to the kitchen for a midnight snack and finding that a family of bears is ransacking your cupboards. Such scenarios are growing more common in Lake Tahoe. Read about the risks and the controversy over what to do.
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
He has a new face, one that had belonged to another man
7:23
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch her go.
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared her goals for SLO
2:09 Watch Zac Efron in the teaser trailer for 'Baywatch'
0:50 Fresno man says he was fired for medical marijuana use
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
2:41 Fresno Chaffee Zoo's ridiculously adorable lion cub is now 5 weeks old
Best Upcoming Pet Adoption Events In MiamiAnimal shelters are brimming with pets that have been lost or abandoned. Many of the shelters in South Florida are no-kill shelters. This often causes overcrowding and a shortage of funds to care for the animals. So the shelters in Miami/Dade and Broward Counties hold frequent adoption events to try and find loving homes for the dogs and cats living at the shelters. So check out the adoption events below and give a lost or abandoned pet a new home.
FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who have been separated from their children at the border are in fragile state of mind as they go into high-stakes initial screening interview for asylum. A network of volunteer lawyers has counseled about 210 separated parents at Port Isabel Detention Facility, including about 150 who have already done initial interviews. David J. Phillip, File AP Photo
This New Year's weekend was quite the end to a crazy year, especially for one family.
In Glendale, AZ, Holly Shay went into labor with her twin boys on Saturday night New Year's Eve. However they didn't expect them to be born years apart, but in this case that's exactly what happened.
Sawyer, born at 11:51 p.m. on New Year's Eve and just 10 minutes later, Everett was born at 12:01 a.m. on New Year's Day.
Twenty-two days away from his retirement, Dr. Sawyer says he couldn't have asked for a better way to end his 25-year career, adding that earning the rare bragging right between hospitals to have the first and last baby born of the year.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Floyd Mayweather Jr. and UFC star Conor McGregor will meet Aug. 26 in a boxing match that will feature two of the top-selling fighters in the world.
The two fighters both announced the fight Wednesday, after months of speculation about whether Mayweather would come out of retirement at the age of 40 to face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never had a pro boxing match.
Oddsmakers immediately made Mayweather a big 11-1 favorite in a fight that will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules.
“It's official,” Mayweather said on Instagram next to a video poster of both fighters.
“THE FIGHT IS ON,” McGregor tweeted several minutes earlier, posting a picture of himself next to one of Mayweather's father, Floyd Sr.
Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of his pro fights, will face the Irish UFC superstar at the MGM Grand arena. He had tweeted a picture of himself sparring in recent days to show he was already getting ready for the bout.
“This is really an unprecedented event,” said Stephen Espinoza, who heads Showtime Sports, which will handle the pay-per-view. “Really we haven't seen anything in modern history that resembles it, it's impossible to predict how many sales this will do.”
Espinoza said the fight came together quickly after McGregor and the UFC reached agreement last month on their end of the deal and Mayweather's team pushed for the fight in recent days.
“All parties were motivated and reasonable and thrilled we could get everything done,” he said. “The sky's the limit on this.”
Mayweather will fight at the relatively advanced age of 41 in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for months. It finally came together and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout.
Though oddsmakers make Mayweather a big favorite, the thought of the fight has excited many in the MMA world. It has also intrigued some in boxing, though most dismiss McGregor's chances under boxing rules against one of the greatest defensive fighters in history.
Even if the actual bout may not shape up as a great matchup, the run-up to the fight will. Both fighters are noted for their ability to sell their fights, and both have exchanged in trash talking and more to promote their bouts.
“As with every Mayweather and McGregor fight part of the appeal is the spectacle and outsize personalities who are participating in it,” Espinoza said.
The pay-per-view revenue for the event would likely gross tens of millions of dollars. It comes less than a month before Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez meet in a highly anticipated fight Sept. 16 that could rival it for pay-per-view buys.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A standing-room-only crowed packed St. Mark's A.M.E Church Sunday afternoon as community members of all colors gathered in response to the white nationalist rally Saturday that erupted into violence and resulted in three deaths.
KUMD was there, and we'll be bringing you stories from the gathering this week on Northland Morning.
CHUM's Lee Stuart; Stephan Witherspoon, president of the Duluth chapter of the NAACP and Carl Crawford, Duluth's human rights officer made up a panel which was moderated by St. Mark's Reverend Richard Coleman.
Duluth Mayor Emily Larson spoke to the crowd via speakerphone and Duluth police officers David Drozdowski and Keandre Ghoram were also on hand to answer questions and talk about community preparedness in the event of a rally similar to the one in Virginia.
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
MIAMI BEACH, FLA. (WSVN) - A Miami Beach club that had its business license revoked when a woman rode a horse onto a crowded dance floor has been allowed to reopen.
After a video of a scantily clad woman riding a horse at Mokai Lounge went viral, city officials wasted no time in revoking the club's business license.
“Insane stupidity,” said Miami Beach Mayor Dan Gelber.
The mayor said it was dangerous for the horse and for the clubgoers. However, nearly two weeks after the club's license was revoked, employees showed up to a city meeting Monday, wearing orange T-shirts that say “SAVE OUR JOBS.”
Ultimately, the city agreed and allowed the club to reopen. However, there are some special conditions.
To reopen, the owners of Mokai have to pay $12,150 dollars in code violations, $10,000 to Peacful Ridge Rescue for Horses, and they agreed not to allow any animals inside the club except for service animals.
“We pay a fine for what we did wrong, and we're back open,” said club attorney Louis Terminello. “We're very happy.”
“Whoever brought the horse in there was a complete idiot,” said Laurie Waggoner of the South Florida Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
Many on social media thought bringing the horse in the club was cruel, and horse experts said it was a miracle the horse stayed so calm and didn't hurt anyone.
Mokai's attorney promised the city that nothing like this will ever happen again.
“No, we are not bringing any more animals at all — at all. Other than the service animals as required by law,” said Terminello.
The club should be back open by Wednesday.
Miami Beach Police said their animal cruelty investigation is still ongoing.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Blue Bell Ice Cream, Brenham, Texas, added a Cookie Two Step flavor to its extensive lineup. The flavor features vanilla ice cream with hints of brown sugar, combined with chunks of chocolate crème-filled cookies and chocolate chip cookie dough pieces.
The suggested retail price is $7.69 per half gallon and it's available year-round in stores in the Southeast and Southwest region, including Texas, New Mexico, North Carolina and Missouri.
A 1/2-cup serving contains 190 calories, 9 grams of fat, 16 grams of sugar and 4 grams of protein.
Got new dairy products to contribute? Submit it to Dairy Foods here.
For the first two weeks of August, residents in the City of Binghamton were able to get rid of garbage without city garbage bags or bulk item stickers.
This year the city collected 910.57 tons of garbage during "Operation Clean Sweep." Nearly three times as much garbage that was collected during the campaign in 2016.
During the period the Binghamton used nine garbage trucks everyday compared to their usual six.
Our goal is to clean up neighborhoods. We saw success in residents clearing out porches and garages, removing the trash and garbage on lawns that chip away at neighborhood integrity. —Binghamton Mayor Rich David
The city plans on holding more free collections, like this one, in the future.
Bank of America will keep cutting costs even after reaching its annual spending goal of $53 billion by finding more ways technology can replace people, Chief Operating Officer Tom Montag said.
Bloomberg News
"There's more to do after that," Montag said Wednesday at a conference in New York. "How much technology can we do that replaces people? How many things do we have that we can use it? How much big data can we use that helps us target better and not waste our time on certain things?"
Chief Executive Officer Brian Moynihan announced the expense target in July 2016 after profit dropped more than 20 percent, as persistently low interest rates cut into earnings at the Charlotte, North Carolina-based company. Bank of America has previously said it was on track to meet the goal by 2018. Total expenses were $57.7 billion in 2015 and about $55 billion last year.
Montag, 60, said the firm will take a closer look at businesses that can be optimized, and gave foreign-exchange trading as one example.
"I'm going to go back and look at your FX business, how much is straight-through processing?" Montag said, referring to processes that avoid human intervention. "How much can I spend to lower the amount of people I have that touch this? Can I go from 70 percent straight through to 99 percent? Every one of those things adds up to hopefully make us more efficient."
Bloomberg News
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
On Easter Sunday, one of the least pious societies in the world heard an explicitly Christian message from its prime minister. As proof of Theresa May's monopoly on British politics, her freedom to express herself like a midfielder given time on the ball, it revealed even more than the surveys that put her Conservatives 21 points ahead of the Labour opposition.
A leader who has to look over her shoulder does not air her faith with such confidence. Alastair Campbell, who advised Tony Blair as prime minister, called it a mistake. In the absence of serious competition, there is no such thing as a mistake.
The Easter message confirmed something about Mrs May that continues to escape some of the commentary about her. She is a believer in things. She has her own view of the world and it comes, if not from scripture, then at least from the Anglican cast of mind.
She favours a gentle society over a dynamic one, views the market with the suspicion of a mild social democrat and takes nationhood more seriously than the universalist end of Christianity tends to. None of these beliefs are extreme but they are held with enough strength to drive the government.
They are also lost on cynics. It has become customary to analyse Mrs May as the subject of external forces, particularly of the Tory right. When she pursues the hardest of exits from the EU, it is to please zealots in her party. When she softens her line a little, it is because their pressure has relented. When she revives academic selection in state schools, she must have the conservative press in mind. The un-British prominence of the national flag in her staged photographs, the talk of a “red, white and blue” exit: these are try-hard bids for rightwing acceptance. In this view of events, she is more like an agent with a client to retain than a force of her own.
“It's worse than you think,” said Mr Blair when the left asked him to drop his moderate manifesto once the document had fulfilled its narrow mission to attract voters. “I believe in it.” Our quickness to read political calculation into everything is not just ungenerous, it makes for bad analysis. Mrs May believes in her policies. If she had a lavish majority in parliament and no reason to heed her MPs, she would govern in much the same way.
The mistake is to assume that she feels cowed by her lack of a personal mandate — that her rise to the premiership without a serious contest or a general election, after a referendum in which she took the losing side, has made her the dutiful instrument of Tory MPs.
There is no trace of this insecurity. The fact of power matters more than its manner of acquisition. If anything, she has managed to read into the EU referendum — which, to repeat, went against her — a long-suppressed public clamour for her version of exit, her domestic policies and her style of leadership.
As a clue to the future, her six years as home secretary were so telling as to deserve their own historical study. Cabinet colleagues tried to have her replaced with someone less hardline on immigration. A normal politician would have eased the policy to buy off the pressure. She did not even pretend. This is bitter news for the liberal-minded but Britain has its most culturally conservative leader since at least Margaret Thatcher and, given the Tory's enthusiasm for markets, perhaps before her, too.
Another predecessor, John Major, had to walk on eggshells around the Conservative right as their views were so alien. If Mrs May is more assured in their presence, it is not because her majority is any bigger (it is about the same) or because Tory backbenchers have mellowed over time (ask David Cameron, the previous prime minister, about that) but because her outlook is similar to theirs.
The British political system is so centralised that a government is often just the magnification of the prime minister's instincts, and Mrs May's are unmistakable. The implications go beyond the precise terms of the exit deal she will sign, to the policies that will shape the country once it gains that mercurial prize called independence. At its best, Mrs May's Britain will be vigilant to terror and give industrial strategy a chance to amount to more than it has in the past. At its worst, spirit-draining bureaucracy will set in and Britain will spurn able migrants with the zeal that other countries put into the worldwide competition for them.
Either way, it will be her doing, not that of her MPs, the media or even the electorate. To see this government's work as the sum of outside pressures is to patronise and exonerate Mrs May all at once. It is worse than you think. She believes in it.
janan.ganesh@ft.com
Spring is here but we may have found the song of the summer. French Montana and Swae Lee of Rae Sremmurd join together for the joint that has social media already dancing, “Unforgettable.”
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
The wedding venue of Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli was held at the countryside resort in Tuscany, Italy and it's the second most expensive holiday destination in the whole world and is owned by Mr. John Phillips, a former US ambassador to Rome and an Obama appointee during his administration.
John Phillips, bought the entire hamlet and turned it into a luxury resort called Borgo Finocchieto which can only be accessed by the rich and the powerful. The countryside resort comprises of a grand manor house with 22 suites and several villas clustered around a central piazza.
British Cybersecurity Agency Warns Against Kaspersky
Britain's cybersecurity agency has told government departments not to use antivirus software from Moscow-based firm Kaspersky Lab amid concerns about Russian snooping.
Ciaran Martin, head of the National Cyber Security Centre, said "Russia is acting against the U.K.'s national interest in cyberspace."
In a letter dated Friday to civil service chiefs, he said Russia seeks "to target U.K. central government and the U.K.'s critical national infrastructure." He advised that "a Russia-based provider should never be used" for systems that deal with issues related to national security.
The agency said it's not advising the public at large against using Kaspersky's popular antivirus products.
Martin says British authorities are holding talks with Kaspersky about developing checks to prevent the "transfer of U.K. data to the Russian state."
Kaspersky has denied wrongdoing and says it doesn't assist Russian cyberespionage efforts.
In September, the U.S. government barred federal agencies from using Kaspersky products because of concerns about the company's ties to the Kremlin and Russian spy operations.
News reports have since linked Kaspersky software to an alleged theft of cybersecurity information from the U.S. National Security Agency.
Britain has issued increasingly strong warnings about Russia's online activity. Martin said last month that Russian hackers had targeted the U.K.'s media, telecommunications and energy sectors in the past year.
U.S. authorities are investigating alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election, and some British lawmakers have called for a similar probe into the U.K.'s European Union membership referendum.
Prime Minister Theresa May said last month that Russia was "weaponizing information" and meddling in elections to undermine the international order.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Kaspersky Labs.
The side of a Henderson police cruiser is seen in this undated image. (File/FOX5)
An armored truck was robbed as the driver made a pickup at a Wells Fargo Monday, according to the Henderson Police Department.
According to Officer Scott Williams, of Henderson police, a Loomis armored truck with one driver inside pulled up to the bank in the 100 block of North Pecos Avenue, near Wigwam Parkway, at 10:46 a.m. The driver was robbed at gunpoint.
An undisclosed amount of cash was taken, Williams said.
Williams said there was at least one suspect and they are investigating if a second person was involved.
No injuries were reported, Williams said.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
KING OF PRUSSIA, PA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. ( OTCQB : WHSI), a Pennsylvania-based wearable health device manufacturer, announces that it is now shipping the much anticipated iHelp+ 3G™ mobile medical alert system to dealers in the United States and Canada.
"The response from dealers and central stations who have been testing the product for several months now has been amazing," said Ronald Adams, CEO of WHSI. "We are very excited to finally get the iHelp+ 3G™ out into the marketplace, and we anticipate our revenues growing substantially. It is a very exciting time for WHSI."
The iHelp+ 3G™ and the iHelp Cloud dealer portal are now integrated with 10 (ten) central stations, which enables just about any dealer the ability to use this product. WHSI will continue to integrate with several more central stations over the next few weeks.
The iHelp+ 3G™ is a small, easy to use, medical alert device. Not only does it work on a 3G wireless network, and anywhere there is cellular service, it also includes additional safety options like fall detection, Real GPS, a Find Me tracking Function, and Geo-Fencing. It is the most advanced and reliable mobile medical alert system on the market today.
To see how the iHelp+ 3G™ works, view our video here.
To receive the latest news from WHSI, please visit our investor site at wearablehealthsolutions.com.
About WHSI
WHSI provides mobile health (mHealth) products and services to dealers and distributors throughout the globe. As a leader in the rapidly growing medical alarm device and eHealth sector, the Company provides innovative wearable healthcare products, tracking (GPS, Bluetooth) services, and turn-key solutions that enable users to be proactive with their health. Through our culture, our drive, and the expertise of each individual employee, we are uniquely positioned to build shareholder value by setting the highest standards in service, reliability, and safety in our rapidly growing industry.
Safe Harbor Statement
Statements in this press release that are not statements of historical or current fact constitute "forward-looking statements." Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other unknown factors that could cause the Company's actual operating results to be materially different from any historical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition to statements that explicitly describe these risks and uncertainties, readers are urged to consider statements that contain terms such as "believes," "belief," "expects," "expect," "intends," "intend," "anticipate," "anticipates," "plans," "plan," to be uncertain and forward-looking. The forward-looking statements contained herein are also subject generally to other risks and uncertainties that are described from time to time in the Company's filings with Securities and Exchange Commission.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Snoop Dogg's Super Bowl week is almost as busy as that of the Philadelphia Eagles and New England Patriots players competing on Sunday.
He headlined BET's Super Bowl Gospel Celebration and debuted music from his upcoming gospel album on Thursday. He held a screening for his new Netflix series, “Coach Snoop,” on Friday. And he was to work as the DJ of Playboy's Big Game Weekend Party in Minneapolis, where the game is being played, on Saturday.
Snoop Dogg is so popular that NFL icon Deion Sanders was extra excited when he saw the entertainer at Friday's event.
“I can't wait to see ‘Coach Snoop,'” Sanders exclaimed. “You know what I told them, ‘See, rapping is what he does. Coach Snoop is who he is.'”
Snoop Dogg, born Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr., has coached a youth football league for years. The new series, which debuted Friday, follows the former gangster rapper guiding at-risk kids and helping them focus on their goals.
In an interview with The Associated Press, the rapper, who released a reggae album under the moniker Snoop Lion in 2013, talks about coaching, his favorite mentors, his advice to young rappers and his upcoming gospel album, “Bible of Love.”
___
AP: What can we expect from “Coach Snoop”?
Snoop Dogg: This show is like, it's an emotional roller coaster. There will be tears of sympathy, tears of sadness, tears of joy. You'll follow these kids, you'll follow me and these coaches and the backdrop to everything, the goals we try to instill in them to want to be better people, not just better football players. And football is just the avenue that we ride down in order to get our message across.
___
AP: What has coaching taught you?
Snoop Dogg: It was a transformation as far as being a rapper to a football coach. All the things I couldn't say as a rapper, I could say as a coach. So it was like another phase and step in my life as far as growing and becoming the full-grown man I became. Once football became a part of my life my manhood became different, as far as being a father, a husband, just a better man in general.
___
AP: Who were the mentors that helped you succeed?
Snoop Dogg: Charlie Wilson was a big mentor to me. Bootsy Collins. These guys helped me with my personal life, not just my music career. They've been real uncles to me — (they) tell me when I'm wrong, steer me in my direction to go back home, help me out when I'm lost. A lot of times when we become big, we don't have anybody to check us, to get us back right because we become uncheckable. But when you got somebody in your life who don't mind telling you when you are wrong and don't mind standing on top of it no matter how big you are, and you respect that, that's what I've been able to get out those two brothers my whole career. Charlie and Bootsy have been more uncles to me than I've been to the whole industry.
___
AP: Which team do you want to see win Sunday?
Snoop Dogg: You know, I'm a (Pittsburgh) Steelers fan. I just root for players once my team gets knocked out. I have homies on both teams, but at the same time if they win (New England Patriots owner) Mr. Kraft sure loves paying Snoop Dogg. I ain't even going to act like I don't like their money. Mr. Kraft sure love getting that money for me. Robert, how are you doing?!
___
AP: What was it like performing your gospel music alongside other gospel artists?
Snoop Dogg: I don't be nervous to perform onstage, but I was nervous onstage to perform at that — this is gospel, this is church. These people, boy they would shoot you down if your game ain't together … they would throw the Bible at you … ‘I can't believe he got up there and did … .' I said, ‘Hold on now. Let me get my thing together.' I shook that nervousness, though.
… Donnie McClurkin (came) over to me when I finished performing, and he looked me into my eyes and said, ‘If you weren't rapping, brother, you'd be preaching.' I said, ‘My granny said the same thing!' That's cold when Donnie said it.
___
AP: It's been 25 years since your debut album was released. What advice do you have for young rappers starting to find success?
Snoop Dogg: Just stay true to who you are. One thing about Snoop Dogg is he never changed, he stayed who he was despite the many albums and phases I went through. I stayed the same person. Whatever you're going through in this industry remain who you are and stay true to who you are and respect those despite them being bigger or smaller than you because you never know when the roles will be reversed.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
A star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame honoring “Criminal Minds: Beyond Borders” star Gary Sinise for his Emmy-winning television career will be unveiled Monday.
U.S. Air Force Gen. Robin Rand, commander of the Global Strike Command, and Walk of Fame honorees Patricia Heaton and Joe Mantegna are set to precede Sinise in speaking at the 11:30 a.m. ceremony in front of The Supply Sergeant store on Hollywood Boulevard.
Sinise's star will be the 2,606th since the completion of the Walk of Fame in 1961 with the first 1,558 stars. The ceremony will be livestreamed on walkoffame.com.
Sinise's best-known television role was starring as New York Police Department Detective Mac Taylor in the 2004-13 CBS police procedural “CSI: NY.”
Sinise received two Emmy nominations, both for portrayals of elected officials. He received the Emmy for outstanding lead actor in a miniseries or movie in 1998 for TNT's “George Wallace,” two years after being nominated in the category for HBO's “Truman.”
Sinise's other television credits include the 1994 ABC miniseries “The Stand”; the 1989 and 2003 “Hallmark Hall of Fame” productions “My Name is Bill W.” and “Fallen Angel”; and Showtime's 1999 adaptation of the Pulitzer Prize-winning play “That Championship Season.”
Sinise received the best supporting actor Oscar nomination in 1995 for his portrayal of Army platoon leader Lt. Dan Taylor in “Forrest Gump.” Sinise later appeared in two other films with “Forrest Gump” star Tom Hanks, “Apollo 13″ and “The Green Mile.”
Sinise's other film credits include “Ransom”; “Snake Eyes”; “The Forgotten”; “The Human Stain”; “Imposter”; “It's the Rage”; “Reindeer Games”; “Mission to Mars”; “A Midnight Clear”; “Jack the Bear”; “The Quick and the Dead”; “The Big Bounce” and “Albino Alligator.”
Sinise was born March 17, 1955 in the Chicago suburb of Blue Island, Illinois.
Sinise's acting career began on the stage when he was 18 and co-founded the famed Steppenwolf Theatre Company of Chicago with friends Jeff Perry, now a cast member on the ABC drama “Scandal,” and Terry Kinney, whose career as an actor and director includes a Tony nomination in 1990 for best featured actor in a play for “The Grapes of Wrath.” Sinise starred in that play and received a Tony nomination for best featured actor in a play.
Sinise was the company's artistic director for seven years and has starred in more than a dozen of its productions including the 2001 revival of “One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest,” which brought him the best actor in a play Tony nomination under Kinney's direction.
CNS-04-17-2017 07:42
Share this Story
Ricardo Querales fears that his days are numbered.
Afflicted with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) that causes AIDS, this gay Venezuelan man showed up in mid-January at the headquarters of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) in Miramar to comply with a routine supervision order in place for several years as part of deportation proceedings. Hundreds go through this process regularly.
But on this visit, Quelares got dreaded news. He was ordered to return at the end of February with passport and plane ticket in hand for voluntary deportation to his homeland.
“You are sending me to my death!” Querales, 43, told the immigration official. “This is anti human rights. In Venezuela, there is no medicine and every day someone with AIDS disappears.”
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
He is holding on to hope that the U.S. government will acknowledge the shortage of antiretroviral drugs to fight HIV infection in a country that is going through a spiraling humanitarian crisis and won't force him to leave because of nonviolent criminal charges that revoked his asylum status.
Marcial De Sautu, an immigration lawyer, said that Querales should file an I-246 form for a request for temporary deferral of deportation or removal.
“There is a very serious crisis in Venezuela, and if he has HIV and there are no drugs there, he should ask that they not take him out of the country for humanitarian reasons,” said De Sautu. In recent months, Venezuelan health organizations have reported that the death rate among HIV patients has increased due to the shortage of antiretrovirals.
Originally from Maracaibo, in western Venezuela, Querales arrived in the United States in 2003, escaping political persecution and insecurity. A year later, an immigration judge approved his asylum request.
Within three years, he joined the increasing number of gay Latino men who are HIV positive. Between 2006 — the year he discovered he was HIV positive — and 2015, HIV diagnoses in Miami-Dade County among Latino men increased by 70 percent, according to statistics from the Florida Department of Health.
Faced with the reality of being a carrier of the virus, coupled with depression and loneliness in a foreign country, Querales turned to drugs as a means of escape.
Mario Schauer, an activist and blogger in Miami who counsels gay Hispanics with HIV/AIDS in Latin America, said it is common for those diagnosed with the virus “to go through a process of self-destruction when they discover they are HIV positive because there are people who assume that it is a death sentence.”
Schauer said many Venezuelans carrying the virus are looking for ways to emigrate to save themselves.
Querales, a hair stylist, first got into trouble with law enforcement nearly a decade ago after a friend whom had borrowed his car died of an overdose on Miami Beach. When police arrived at his home the next day, they found a small bag of methamphetamine. He was charged with controlled substance possession and drug paraphenalia possession with intent to use. He was convicted in 2009 and served 30 days in jail.
He was arrested a second time following a police raid at a house that he was visiting. No charges were filed against Querales but he was turned over to ICE custody and spent six months in detention. It was during this time that his political asylum was revoked.
At the end of 2011, an immigration judge signed his deportation order.
The order was not immediately carried out. Querales was allowed to resume his life in Miami but in 2014 was placed on “Order of Supervision,” which requires periodic check-in with ICE officials.
As the crisis deepened in Venezuela, deportation was postponed.
“I am a reformed citizen, a decent worker who made mistakes in the past and I am no longer on drugs,” said Querales, who has been clean for five years. “They told me they would not deport me because there are no medicines for my treatment in Venezuela.”
His next appointment with ICE is schedule for Feb 22.
“My plan is to stay here,” Querales said, “fight to the end.”
ELLSWORTH — Property taxes are still likely to go up in the city in the coming year, but less than was forecast a month ago.
That comes after the City Council cut more than $150,000 from the draft budget at a workshop meeting last week. Several outside agencies that had previously appeared before the council, including the Down East Family YMCA, saw their funding requests unexpectedly cut.
The City Council is set to give final approval to the $12.8-million city budget Monday, June 19, at 7 p.m. in the Council Chambers at City Hall. If approved as presented, the tax rate would go from its current level of $17.68 per $1,000 in property valuation to $18.15.
That is an increase of almost 2.7 percent. The budget covers the period from July 1, 2017, to June 30, 2018.
The tax rate is based on the amount of property tax money needed to fund both the city and school budgets. The council previously gave approval to a $20.5-million school budget for the coming school year.
Taken together, the two budgets will require $19.6 million from city taxpayers.
The $18.15 rate — which would see a resident with a home and property valued at $200,000 get a tax bill of $3,630 — is lower, however, than the $18.32 rate that was calculated earlier in the budget process.
That change is a result of the council finding $150,080 in cuts to the proposed budget and the Ellsworth Public Library reducing its proposed budget by about $32,000 as well. The library made those reductions after being asked by councilors to find cost savings.
Councilors had discussed a variety of possible budget cuts throughout a series of budget workshops in late April and May. They settled on a final set of cuts at the last budget workshop on June 5.
The cuts range from a high of $50,000 for elevator repair at the library to a $1,000 reduction in the travel line for the city's Code Enforcement Office. Finance Director and Deputy City Manager Tammy Mote said the elevator still will be repaired, just using other funds identified by city officials.
The $20,000 cut to the city's funding for the Y came at the suggestion of Council Chairman John Phillips, according to a document from Mote. He also suggested reducing funding to The Grand and the Ellsworth Area Chamber of Commerce by $2,000 each. Those reductions are included in the $150,000 figure.
Peter Farragher, the Y's CEO, called the $20,000 reduction a “really significant cut” and that he was “very disappointed.”
“We work hard at providing a lot of value to the city,” he said. The city does not have its own recreation department, leaving the Y and its programming as the de facto recreation department for the city.
The Y had asked for $82,000, the same amount it has received for each of the last three years. Farragher said the flat-funding request was made because the Y recognized money is tight. He said Y officials are working to determine how, specifically, the funding cut will affect the organization but said it will affect programming.
Farragher said the funding cut came as a surprise because the Y had already appeared before the council earlier in the budget process. There was no suggestion, at least publicly, of a $20,000 cut at that time.
Nick Turner, new executive director of The Grand, called the funding cut to his organization “disappointing” but “understandable” given the council's concern about the tax rate.
“While we're disappointed, it's not going to affect the positive direction we're going in,” he said.
Turner said he and his staff will work hard this year to give the council “every reason to want to sustain us in a more significant way in the future.”
Gretchen Wilson, executive director of the Ellsworth Area Chamber of Commerce, said she is grateful for the support from the city and that the cut to the chamber's appropriation will not have a big effect. She said she felt bad for the Y, especially, however.
“I certainly understand the line the city has to take,” she said. “It is a difficult decision.”
One frequent target for budget cuts in recent years has been the local roads account. With a large, six-figure budget, the line is an easy one to reduce in an effort to achieve financial savings. But councilors felt road quality has suffered as a result, and this year opted not to reduce the $500,000 budgeted for local roadwork.
Even if the council approves a budget resulting in the $18.15 tax rate on June 19, there are two factors that could change that rate after that date. If the city gets more school funding from Augusta, which is a possibility, it could lower the tax rate. The $18.15 rate is also based on an estimated city-wide valuation figure, and if that estimate is off it could result in an increase or decrease in the tax rate.
Kanye West fans have been both devastated and confused the past couple days as the rapper continues to voice some equally troublesome and vague political opinions. The Chicago native has said recently that he likes the way conservative Candace Owens thinks, and according to E Bro, Mr. West also flat out told him he loves Donald Trump.
Kanye has voiced before that he would have voted for Trump if he had voted in the most recent election, but him doubling down on those ideas is turning fans completely off. Because the rapper's tweets and comments are pretty vague, many fans are holding out for an explanation and possibly Ye admitting that he's trolling for some album sales. But now, his longtime collaborator CyHi the Prynce has come to social media to double down on some interesting Trump opinions.
One of CyHi's first tweets is what prompted much of the backlash, and caused further back-and-forth between some of his followers.
Why is everybody so scared of Trump I bet you right now I can look up a thousand songs, TV shows etc where his name is mentioned before he ran for office y'all scared of a man that tells y'all how he feel about you smh y'all to sensitive most of y'all talk behind people back lol https://t.co/S6lbabT3wg — CYHI THE PRYNCE (@CyhiThePrynce) April 24, 2018
He continued on for a while arguing with disappointed fans:
Naw we just don't give white people that much credit y'all sound scared of trump lol like he's a Gangsta or something — CYHI THE PRYNCE (@CyhiThePrynce) April 24, 2018
I am but I don't get nervous when my enemy approaches — CYHI THE PRYNCE (@CyhiThePrynce) April 24, 2018
Well do something see the problem is we not ready to die for what we believe in we just want to talk and march — CYHI THE PRYNCE (@CyhiThePrynce) April 24, 2018
Half of y'all niggas is anti black we don't stay with our women we don't take care of our kids we run off with the pack we hate on each other etc https://t.co/9hCDY8nW5K — CYHI THE PRYNCE (@CyhiThePrynce) April 24, 2018
Y'all do know Martin Luther King was republican — CYHI THE PRYNCE (@CyhiThePrynce) April 24, 2018
Create a new environment I bet if white people was oppressed they would go hit a gun store rob a bank go 2 another country go 2 war enslave them rebuild another country and the slaves that live n their country will live better than any other human n the world and name it America — CYHI THE PRYNCE (@CyhiThePrynce) April 24, 2018
So….yeah. People were confused by this talk from someone whose lyrics always seem to come from the opposite direction.
It's hard for people to see public figures they look up to coming out of left field and talking like this, and CyHi's comments seem to only further drive home the idea that Kanye really might be pro-Trump. It's a conflicting time for Ye fans indeed.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
It won't be too long before GMC reveals its counterpart to the brand new 2019 Chevrolet Silverado. Automotive News reporting that GMC will be holding an event on March 1st in Detroit to reveal the 2019 Sierra.
Expectations are that the Sierra will be differentiated from its Silverado sibling. Previous spy shots seem to indicate this with a different front end treatment on the Sierra. There is talk that the Sierra will also get some changes for the interior.
The 2019 Sierra specs will likely match up to the Silverado with a longer wheelbase, weighing up to 450 pounds less than the outgoing model, spacious cargo bed, and an available power tailgate. Six powertrain combinations, including a 3.0L Duramax turbodiesel inline-six, and 5.3 and 6.2L V8 engines.
Source: Automotive News (Subscription Required)
Saanich Police are looking for more information after a young girl reported several incidents where she believed she was being followed.
The latest happened on Tuesday just after 8 a.m. in the Lakehill area of Saanich.
A 10-year old girl was walking to school and noticed a man get out of his vehicle and stare in her direction.
The girl felt uncomfortable and continued to school, informed staff at the school, who in turn contacted Police.
Once Officers attended they spoke to the girl.
Officers and school officials learned this occurrence wasn't the first incident she had encountered.
In either late November or early December, the girl was walking along Ambassador Ave when she noticed a man driving a white truck who pointed at her without comment.
In late December 2016, the girl was walking along McBriar Ave when she observed the same vehicle travelling in the same direction as her at low speed.
In January 2017, the girl was walking on Borden St when the same truck stopped near her and the driver asked if she needed a ride.
The girl didn't engage in conversation and ran home.
The only description of the vehicle is a white pick-up truck with a possible black tool box in the bed.
The driver is described as a white man, 50-60 years old, with a thin build, reddish/brown hair and with a goatee.
The Saanich Police are now investigating today's incident along with the others that have been revealed.
Saanich Police are reminding parents to talk with their kids about how to recognize potentially dangerous situations.
Some tips include: teaching kids to trust their instincts, not keeping secrets and talking with a trusted adult about things they find suspicious.
If you have any information in relation to these incidents, please contact Saanich Police at 250-475-4321.
PORTLAND, Ore.–Oregon's top federal prosecutor says the state has a “formidable” problem with marijuana overproduction that winds up on the black market and he wants to work with the state to do something about it.U.S. Attorney Billy Williams said Friday at a summit he convened in Portland, Oregon that he needs a “bottom-line answer” on how much excess pot is being produced and how much is smuggled out.Williams announced the unprecedented meeting of nearly 80 federal, state, local and tribal leaders in law enforcement and the marijuana industry last month.Attorney General Jeff Sessions recently rescinded a memo on how states with legalized cannabis could avoid federal scrutiny.Friday's summit was attended by 14 other U.S. attorney's offices, Oregon Gov. Kate Brown, the FBI and other federal agenciesOregon's top federal prosecutor will hold a marijuana summit to hear how the state, law enforcement, tribal and industry leaders plan to address a pot surplus that he says has wound up on the black market in other states and is fueling crime.U.S. Attorney Billy Williams laid out his plans for the unprecedented Friday event., saying Oregon has a “massive marijuana overproduction problem” that is attracting cartels and criminal networks and sparking money laundering, violence and environmental woes. Attorney General Jeff Sessions last month rescinded an Obama administration memo that outlined the steps states with legalized cannabis could take to avoid scrutiny under federal law, where marijuana remains illegal.
(WSVN) - What do you do when a young boy challenges you to a dance-off? You accept, of course. And it's somehow all the more entertaining if you're a cop.
A deputy in Nash County, North Carolina took a video of another deputy as the young man named Jason dared him.
“They got onto the topic of dance, and Jason told Deputy Williams, ‘I bet I could dance better than you,' and the two just went at it!” the deputy said.
The Nash County Sheriff's Office posted the video to Facebook with the caption, “Jason Decided to challenge Deputy C. Williams to a dance off. Who do you think won? Lol. #welovekids #wedomorethanwritetickets”
“Definitely a tie,” one commenter replied. “Love what the deputy did and not just because it was entertaining. Showed young man and neighbors that law enforcement are human and relatable. May have made a friend and changed how people view officers and deputies.”
Thousands have shared the video, which has been seen nearly 300,000 times since it was posted on Monday.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The best time to save for retirement is decades before it starts, but some people get into the habit of squirreling away money only after calling it quits.
Researchers from Columbia Business School and Copenhagen Business School found that after retirement, retirees were more inclined to reduce consumer debt and increase their liquid savings.
The study looked at six years of household finances and spending habits of individuals in Iceland who use a personal financial management software called Meniga, which tracks bank and credit card transactions, balances and credit limits as well as demographic information such as age, marital status and postal code.
“It could be more time to plan or the ability to allocate a certain income stream more effectively than an uncertain one,” said Michaela Pagel, assistant professor at the Columbia Business School and an author of the paper recently distributed by the National Bureau of Economic Research.
See: Do these 5 things right now to make sure you have enough money to retire
Why? The data isn't definitive, but researchers past and present call it the “retirement-consumption puzzle,” and suspect it is a mix of work-related expenses disappearing and more leisure time to spend cooking and looking for better deals. Pagel and co-author Arna Olafsson say instead many countries force individuals to save, through a public pension system for example, and the causes for a reduction in consumption are less known.
Kristi Sullivan, a financial adviser at Sullivan Financial Planning in Denver, says the behavior stems from people entering the unknown. “Transitioning from an earner and saver to a spender of your nest egg is really traumatic,” she said,” so even if they are ready and they got advice that says they are ready, people tend to tighten up their spending when they retire in some ways.” In other cases it is simply having more time, like one client of hers who was able to scout around town for the cheapest margaritas. “Not being the worker anymore might be more of a call to action to manage money better,” she said. Leon LaBrecque, chief executive officer of LJPR Financial Advisors in Troy, Mich., said he's seen recent retirees' mind-sets change to a “no-spend attitude,” which ends up increasing their nest egg in retirement.
In many scenarios, people aren't jumping on flights to faraway destinations the minute they retire, but rather organizing themselves in this new lifestyle and figuring out what to do with their time now that there's no 9-5 job, said George Gagliardi, financial adviser at Coromandel Wealth Management in Lexington, Mass.
One research study found retirees will tend to do more of the same of what they did before retirement, where if a person had 80 hours in a week and spent half with friends and half on household chores, the additional 40 hours received from no longer working would be divided the same. There's also rising health care expenses — an American couple who retired in 2017 can expect to spend $275,000 in health care costs throughout retirement, a 6% increase from 2016 — which stokes fears of some day not having enough saved, he said.
Also see: Retirement is expensive. Here's what to do about it
So what to do instead? Sullivan says some people may want to go slowly into retirement, such as transitioning from full-time to part-time work before becoming entirely free. Also, go in with a financial plan, which will determine what is a reasonable amount of money to spend and ease any tension or concern that a nest egg won't last.
Expenses do not always decrease in retirement, unless a drastic change like moving to a less expensive area, said Frani Feit, managing director of Tradition Capital Management in Summit, N.J., which means individuals should identify which income streams will replace their earnings before retiring. She plans for retirement expenses by decades, whereas work-related expenses are replaced by costs for leisurely activities, followed by downsizing or changing homes to be more senior-friendly and ultimately, high health care costs.
LAS VEGAS (AP) – Cliven Bundy and some of his co-conspirators want next week's trial stemming from an armed standoff at Bundy's Nevada ranch to be moved from Las Vegas to Reno.
Lawyers for Bundy, his son, Ammon, and others filed motions in federal court this week arguing they can't get a fair trial in the aftermath of the mass killing in Las Vegas.
Jury selection is scheduled to begin Tuesday on multiple charges accusing Cliven Bundy, his two sons and four others of enlisting a self-styled militia to prevent federal agents from removing Bundy's cattle from federal land.
Ammon Bundy's lawyer said in the newest filing Friday if the case cannot be moved, it should be postponed.
A lawyer for another defendant, Pete Santilli of Cincinnati, says they're trying to negotiate a deal where he'd plead guilty to a single felony count.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
EU capitals seek stronger right of veto on Chinese takeovers
CW sits down with the young British rider ahead of the 2017 season
Few young British riders would have the courage to turn down Team Sky when they expressed an interest in signing them, and ask if they'd come back in a year instead.
But that's exactly what now 21-year-old Londoner Tao Geoghegan Hart did in 2015 after riding as a stagiaire with the WorldTour outfit.
For someone who has ambitions of racing Grand Tours, Sky's offer was the dream ticket.
Geoghegan Hart even recalls standing on the Mall in London in 2010 when Sky officially launched and being inspired by the sight of the new British team.
Yet rather than put pen to paper, he chose to stay with the American Continental team Axeon-Hagens Berman, believing it best to continue his development on the U23 scene for another 12 months.
>>> Axel Merckx offers young British cyclists an alternative way to become a pro
“It's really hard when you have the opportunity that is your dream, and you don't know if it'll come again, to say that you'd like to wait a year please,” Geoghegan Hart tells Cycling Weekly, now sat wearing Sky team kit having joined the squad as a neo-pro for the start of 2017.
Watch: Team Sky Tao Geoghegan Hart, Facebook live at Challenge Mallorca
“It was really incredibly hard, especially because no one can really give you advice on that — it has to be your decision.”
He admits he had “a lot of doubt” after making the call in 2015 but patience is a lesson he credits Axel Merckx — team manager at Axeon and son of five-time Tour winner Eddy — with teaching him.
It's a lesson he thinks has been vital in preparing him for what he hopes will be a long career.
“It's a really long road if you want to be a pro for the next 15 years — so sustainability across that time is so important,” he says.
Early promise
Since he started racing in 2010 as a teenager, Geoghegan Hart quickly garnered a reputation as one of British cycling's brightest young talents.
He began racing abroad on trips led by John Barclay in 2011, before joining British Cycling's Olympic Development Programme, attracting attention for victories abroad and podium places at races including Junior Paris-Roubaix and Junior Liège-Bastogne-Liège.
He signed for Axeon in 2014, supported by the Dave Rayner Fund, mixing racing in U23 races with the Great Britain national squad with pro races such as the Tour of California, USA Pro Challenge and Tour of Britain, scoring impressive overall results against far more seasoned riders.
“I just wanted to do everything, do every race. The last three years I just did every race I could because I knew that was how I was going to develop,” he says.
“I'm relatively sure there's no other amateur going pro in the world that can say they've been lucky enough to have the programme I've had.
“Half my professional races [have been ranked] .HC, not like .1s in the middle of nowhere. Big races, with a lot of attention, live TV — those things don't make a lot of difference but they're just little things you get used to.”
Geoghegan Hart is hugely ambitious, aiming to compete in Grand Tours in the future as well as “big one day races — Liège, the Worlds, Lombardy”.
>>> Who are the Cycling Weekly experts backing to win the big races in 2017?
“I just always like scrapping for more,” he says of where his motivation comes from. “I've always enjoyed proving people wrong. More just proving to myself that I can do something.”
The pressure that came from having success as a teenager, however, was hard, he says, particularly under the media spotlight, and he credits his family and school life with keeping him grounded.
“I actually feel really sad when I see cyclists now who leave school,” he says.
“I had all those friends at school and I was just a person to them. They didn't know anything about cycling — I could win a massive race and come into the class Monday morning and the teacher would still shout at me for drawing all over my book or not listening.”
Geoghegan Hart is one of five British riders stepping up to the WorldTour this season, something he doesn't take for granted, and it's clear how much respect he has for the history of the sport and generations of British cyclists that have gone before him.
“Sometimes young riders now don't appreciate how good they have it,” he says.
>>> How they used to train: Eddy Merckx's pre-1969 Tour de France week
“Imagine what it was like for Charly Wegelius when he turned pro on his own in Italy on a team where no one spoke much English — how different it is now.”
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CNN) — Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a partial withdrawal of Russian troops from Syria during a visit to the war-torn country on Monday.
Putin was met at Russia's Hmeimim air base by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad alongside Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu, according to Russian state news agency Tass.
“In two years, the Russian armed forces, together with the Syrian army, have defeated the most lethal group of international terrorists,” Tass quoted Putin as saying.
“In this regard, I have decided that a significant part of the Russian military contingent in the Syrian Arab Republic is returning home to Russia.”
Putin's visit to Syria comes just weeks after the two Presidents met for talks in the Russian city of Sochi. Putin has been one of the chief supporters of Assad's government, and Russia's intervention in the country's long-running civil war in 2015 helped tilt the balance of power back in Assad's favor.
This is not the first time Putin has declared his intention to withdraw troops from Syria. Putin said two Russian bases in the country, Hmeimim and Tartus, would continue to operate despite the drawdown.
“If terrorists will raise their heads ever again, we will strike them with such force that they have never seen before,” Putin said in remarks Monday that were broadcast on the state-owned Russia 24 new channel.
Putin then flew on to Cairo for talks with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, and was expected to meet Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in Ankara later on Monday.
‘Fully liberated'
Putin's Syria visit comes two days after the Iraqi military said in a statement that it had “fully liberated” all of Iraq's territory of “ISIS terrorist gangs” and retaken full control of the Iraqi-Syrian border.
“We defeated Daesh (ISIS) through our unity and sacrifice for the nation. Long live Iraq and its people,” Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi wrote on Twitter.
ISIS captured huge chunks of territory in Iraq and Syria in 2014 and announced the creation of a caliphate on those lands. At the height of its power, the group controlled more than 34,000 square miles of territory from the Mediterranean coast to south of Baghdad.
The campaign to eradicate ISIS has taken more than three years and about 25,000 coalition airstrikes. The group was pushed out of Mosul and Raqqa, its de facto capitals in Iraq and Syria, this year, and has since lost almost all of the areas it once controlled.
(©2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.)
A Las Vegas group is helping those less fortunate take care of their pets. Street Dogz focuses on helping dogs and cats, but volunteers also help their human owners find jobs and housing.
Photo: Robert Hanashiro / USA Today
By Annie Reuter
The second annual Wearable Art Gala was held in Los Angeles on Saturday (March 17) and while Blue Ivy Carter stole the show with her bidding war with Tyler Perry, mom Beyoncé also had a moment in the spotlight that night. Bey was honored for her humanitarian work.
Related: Blue Ivy Carter Bids $19,000 on Painting
The singer was celebrated at the gala with a thoughtful message from Michelle Obama as well as gave a humbling and tearful speech of her own.
“I love you, I am inspired by you,” Michelle Obama said in a recorded video clip. “I'm so honored and proud of everything that you have achieved and everything that you have contributed to our country and our world.”
During her speech, Beyoncé admitted that she feels strange receiving an award for her humanitarian work and that she often tries to keep the things she does to herself.
“I try to keep my charitable work quiet because I feel like these things should come from the goodness of your heart and not from anything orchestrated as a campaign,” she said. “And if I'm honest, I keep it quiet because I actually feel like I could be doing more.”
Beyoncé's mother, Tina Knowles-Lawson, is the director of the Wearable Art Gala. Knowles-Lawson and her husband Richard Lawson, are the co-directors of the event, which benefits the WACO Theater Center in Los Angeles. The mission of the center is to create a space ‘Where Art Can Occur' and where students are taught to develop their true purpose and awaken their individual power source which fuels their art.
Spring break bro gets bright idea to jump into shark tank This is the terrifying moment a frat boy frantically scrambles to safety after falling into a tank full of sharks. The spring breaker, who hadn't been named, can be seen...
'Living hell': Woman gets hundreds of bedbug bites at the Bahamas' Atlantis A Florida woman got more than just a tan from the luxe Atlantis Paradise Resort in the Bahamas. Cindi Avila is taking legal action after she woke up at the...
The real-life Atlantis was probably destroyed by a giant tsunami The enormous tsunami thought to have destroyed the legendary lost city of Atlantis could have been caused by lava, a new theory suggests. Experts believe material from the volcanic eruption...
Did Atlantis really exist on the Moroccan coast? For centuries, historians, archaeologists and scuba divers have sought — and failed over and over again — to find Atlantis, the glorious ancient metropolis that was lost beneath the waves....
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
1:07 Highlights: Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
0:41 A year ago, Lake Nacimiento was almost dry. Here's what it looks like now after the rain.
0:44 See Santa Margarita Lake at 70 percent capacity after the storms
0:29 This is how dry Lopez Lake has gotten this summer
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
From Paul Harkenrider
SODUS, N.Y. (March 19, 2018) — Although the first race does not begin for the A-Verdi Storage Containers Patriot Sprint Tour for another month, the Mike Emhof Motorsports Inc. operated series has been busy promoting and marketing the tour at car shows and Expo's the last three weekends across Central New York and the Souther Tier.
The first pre-season show was Finger Lakes Speed World in Auburn, New York where Darryl Ruggles had his 48jr car on display. It was another fantastic show put together by Jim Olin for the third consecutive year with this year being the biggest show yet.
The following weekend, the series was of course part of the 32nd annual Syracuse Motorsports Expo at the New York State Fairgrounds. Putting their cars on display were Paulie Colagiovanni in his Einstein Construction / Allstar Performance No. 10, Pete Richardson in his Prestige Pool & Spa No. 67, Steve Glover in his Danny Willmes Enterprises No. 121, Joe Trenca in his Mucci Motorsports No. 98, and rookie Tim Schneider in the Bragman Motorsports No. 3.
Then this past weekend, the series traveled to the Southern Tier to be a part of two separate shows. The Woodhull Raceway car show at the Arnot Mall in Big Flats, NY had Championship contender, Kyle Drum with his No. 47 Empire Tractor / Skip's Custom Flooring machine on display as thousands of fans checked out his 2018 sprinter and pick up their 2018 PST schedules!
A little further to the west was the Olean Mall show in Olean, NY. Reigning Champion, Jared Zimbardi had his mount at the Olean show with an awesome “throwback” color scheme used by his father Tim when he drove the sprints on the Patriot Sprint Tour.
A multitude of schedule cards have been distributed the past three weekends for the race fans of the northeast. If you were unable to pick up your 2018 PST schedule, you can log on to patriotsprinttour.com to check it out! That is also where you will be able to stay up to date with other PST announcements as well as our standings.
The first PST race will be at Outlaw Speedway on Friday, April 20 in Dundee, NY. It will once again be a challenge event with the Empire Super Sprints. The following night, we cross the border and head to Merrittville Speedway in Thorold, ONT for the sixth annual Canadian Spring Sizzler.
Once again, be sure to check out patriotsprinttour.com as well liking ‘Patriot Sprint Tour' on facebook and following @PatriotSprints on Twitter!
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:30 How Cambria's colorful, often kooky, scarecrows are made
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher dies at age 60
The Killers have released a new single titled “The Man.”
Related: The Killers Perform New Track, ‘Run for Cover'
The track is the first new music from the band since their 2012 album Battle Born (assuming you don't count their 2016 Christmas album Don't Waste Your Wishes). Hopefully, this signals a fifth studio effort is imminent. “The Man” was recorded with the producer Jacknife Lee during album sessions in Las Vegas and Los Angeles. The song finds frontman Brandon Flowers looking back on his younger self, the persona from their Grammy-nominated debut Hot Fuss, and reconciling that wide-eyed character with the man he is now.
Check out the latest from The Killers below.
They say opposites attract. But these days, maybe not so much.
A growing number of singles are adding a clause to their online dating profiles telling either Trump haters or Trump supporters — depending on their political preference — that they need not apply.
"This was like a dealbreaker for me," says 50-year-old Elizabeth Jagosz from the Detroit area. "If you are Trump supporter, I'm not even going to consider meeting you for coffee."
It's not just an issue of party politics, Jagosz says. It's about core values. Love, she says, cannot conquer all.
"If you don't care about a person who says you can grab women by the pussy and that's OK — I don't wanna date you if you think that behavior's OK," Jagosz says. "If that's not a dealbreaker for you, then you and I have nothing to talk about."
As another single put it in her profile, "Red hats need not apply."
But the people wearing those red hats — the ones stamped with "Make America Great Again" — have been feeling the same way.
This lack of desire from liberals and conservatives to date each other is what David Goss says prompted him to launch TrumpSingles.com.
"Yeah, it's both ways," Goss says. "You know, like a liberal doesn't want to date a Nazi. And a republican doesn't want to date, well, a whiny snowflake, and that's what they're viewing each other as."
TrumpSingles.com is a kind of safe space for Trump supporters who say they're sick of the "lefties" refusing to even give them a chance.
"[The liberals] are just repeating this left echo chamber of 'Oh, you must be a racist; oh, you must be a homophobe; oh, you must be a misogynist,' " Goss says. "They're judging the people based on who they voted for without actually getting to know them."
Helen Fisher, the chief scientific adviser to the Internet dating website Match.com, says new research from the website shows both liberals and conservatives are moving away from the center of the political spectrum.
"There's a real distinct difference that we're seeing today, and all singles are becoming more rigid in their views," she says.
The data also shows that singles are more likely now to shun those who are at the other end of the political spectrum. And liberals are more likely to spurn conservatives than the other way around.
"I think it's very natural to the human animal to bring it into the idea of 'OK, you like this person, well, you must be like that person then,' " Fisher says. "America is taking this very, very personally. No question about it."
Looking back now, it seems almost unfathomable that even two opposing campaign advisers could cross the aisle and then actually walk down the aisle as James Carville and Mary Matalin did in 1993.
As Carville famously put it once, "You can love the sinner and hate the sin."
The couple says their secret to survival and harmony at home is simply agreeing to disagree.
But today, singles seem to be saying they just can't do that.
"I mean, I wish I could just go out and tell everyone to knock it off and be cool with each other, but it's just not going to work that way," Goss says.
His Trump Singles dating site is up to 35,000 members. LiberalHearts.com, founded by Salvatore Prano, is up to nearly 50,000.
"There's more activity now than ever," Prano says. "I knew liberals would only find comfort in each other's arms."
But there is one other option for lonely liberals. Single Joe Goldman founded MapleMatch.com, a dating site that helps Americans find Canadians "to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency." Goldman became his own first client.
"I can't tell you the sinking feeling I felt [after the election]," he says. "That's not the country I want to live in. So why not consider places that might be more in line with my values, like Canada."
It may be better than the alternative. According to the new Match.com survey, a growing number of liberals today are simply choosing to not date at all.
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. — Pat Shurmur is the Giants' new head coach, Eli Manning is still the quarterback and there is a new offense to learn. However, NFL rules prohibit Shurmur giving such an assignment to one of his players in the offseason.
“Well, yeah, I don't know, you got to be — I don't know what the rules are officially, um …'' Manning said Friday.
Informed he might be breaking those rules, Manning quickly interjected: “No, I'll do everything by the book. Whatever we're allowed to do I'll do it.''
There is no time to waste for Manning, who has to learn a new offense for the third time in his 15 years with the Giants. Shurmur, a West Coast offense disciple, will include plenty of similarities with the system Ben McAdoo installed in 2014 as offensive coordinator and retained the past two years as head coach. Still, there will be much for Manning to master and, having already spoken a few times with Shurmur (“Very nice guy,'' Manning said), he is eager to dive in — within the rules, of course.
“I haven't had him in a coaching role,'' Manning said during an appearance for Courtyard by Marriott at the Mall of America. “I think kind of a combination of offenses of places, over the years where he's been, whether it's Andy Reid or Chip Kelly or Norv Turner, I think it's kind of a combination of things. Adjust well. Excited to learn it and figure out what we're going to be doing.''
Already, Manning is trying to soak up all he can, watching the Vikings' offense to see what Shurmur ran as their offensive coordinator.
“Had it with the plays written on the screen to learn some of the terminology and put it all together and see the speed you have to run it,'' Manning said.
Manning had a previous working relationship with Dave Gettleman, who for 15 years was a Giants personnel executive, and noticed right away what the team's new general manager stressed upon taking the job.
“Talked a lot about getting the offensive line and defensive line straight — you win with the big guys,'' Manning said. “I think he'll do a good job.''
The departed general manager, Jerry Reese, did not do a good job protecting Manning with a quality offensive line, a failing that more than anything else contributed to the 3-13 record in 2017 and an all-encompassing offensive malaise.
“Hey, I'm not the GM,'' Manning said. “I don't pick players. I don't do free agency. My job is to play quarterback. You let those guys do their job and try to put the best guys on the field and go win football games. I don't know — we have some of those guys, we have great guys, but obviously there's going to be changes every year.''
s
s
You've read 3 of 10 free articles this month. Get unlimited access to Petaluma360.com, the Argus-Courier e-edition and our mobile app starting at just 99 cents per month! Click Here to Subscribe CLOSE X
You've read 6 of 10 free articles this month. Get unlimited access to Petaluma360.com, the Argus-Courier e-edition and our mobile app starting at just 99 cents per month! Click Here to Subscribe CLOSE X
We hope you've enjoyed reading your 10 free articles this month. Continue reading with unlimited access to Petaluma360.com, the Argus-Courier e-edition and our mobile app starting at just 99 cents per month! Click Here to Subscribe CLOSE X
We've got a special deal for readers like you! Get unlimited access to Petaluma360.com, the Argus-Courier e-edition and our mobile app starting at just 99 cents per month, and support community journalism! Click Here to Subscribe CLOSE X
Thanks for your interest in award-winning community journalism! To get more of it, why not subscribe? Get unlimited access to Petaluma360.com, the Argus-Courier e-edition and our mobile app starting at just 99 cents per month, and support community journalism! Click Here to Subscribe CLOSE X
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
A kitten was rescued from traffic at Las Vegas Boulevard and Tropicana Avenue Friday afternoon by two Las Vegas Metropolitan Police bicycle officers.
Nevada Highway Patrol Southern Command posted on Facebook that a Trooper was on Las Vegas Blvd when he noticed the Metro bike officers in the travel lanes looking under a vehicle that was stopped at a red light.
The Trooper thought the vehicle was disabled and offered to help, but learned that a kitten had gone underneath the vehicle.
According to NHP, the two Metro officers were able to catch the kitten after a brief chase and rescued the animal from traffic.
Another Metro officer gave the kitten some water.
NHP said that an actual disabled vehicle was behind them and the NHP Trooper used the push bar to get that car out of the travel lanes.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Rozner: Just for something different, Chicago Bears dominate
hello
Chicago Bears running back Jordan Howard (24) flips the ball away after scoring a touchdown in the second half of an NFL football game against the Cincinnati Bengals, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Cincinnati.
The Chicago Bears won a football game Sunday.
It's cause for celebration.
The last time the Bears were victorious was the same week the Cubs last won a game, and if that feels like a long time ago, it's because it was.
But the Bears (4-9) should have felt right at home in Cincinnati Sunday in a half-empty stadium with a crowd that wasn't all that interested against a team that was even less interested.
The Bengals (5-8) clearly quit after a physical, heartbreaking loss to Pittsburgh Monday night when they lost Vontaze Burfict and gave away any remaining shot at a playoff berth.
It was a match between two teams going nowhere and the level of play was appropriate for such a game.
You know if you watched. If, you watched.
Nevertheless, the Bears played hard and that's something, perhaps as much a reflection on head coach John Fox as players auditioning for jobs.
The players have been consistent with their public comments about wanting to play for Fox, and they did that Sunday in winning their first game since Oct. 22 against Carolina.
"To see young guys come in and work hard and not reap the benefits is hard," Fox said. "When you don't experience the end result -- the W -- it's hard. It's nice to see some of the young guys see the benefits of all that hard work."
The defense was strong against a putrid Cincinnati offense led by the enigmatic Andy Dalton, who -- like many of his teammates -- seemed excited about getting off the field as quickly as possible, the Bears holding the ball for a ridiculous 38:09.
And the offense took advantage of a banged-up Bengals defense that could not handle Jordan Howard (147 yards) and the run game (232 yards).
That finally opened up some opportunities for quarterback Mitch Trubisky, who had his best game as a pro, looking solid from start to finish with the Bengals missing three of their four starters in the secondary.
"It all starts up front," Fox said. "Not taking anything away from any of the skill guys, but whether it's pass protection or run blocking, it all starts up front.
"Our front had a good day."
It wasn't a complicated game plan, but Trubisky executed well, and that's something he hasn't done much of to this point.
With the run game effective, the Bears used plenty of play action and rolls to make quick throws easy, and Trubisky targeted Kendall Wright 11 times for 10 catches and 107 yards.
The Bears also went out of their way to bolster GM Ryan Pace and feature tight end project Adam Shaheen, who missed another block on a sack and dropped a touchdown pass but also caught one from the 1-yard line and had 4 grabs for 44 yards.
"We have a young football team, particularly on offense," Fox said. "Our coaches have done a great job preparing (Trubisky), but there's always those young moments. But I think you saw some growth."
Bears penalties remained a problem -- 10 for 74 yards -- but the Bengals laid down in the second half and the Bears cruised to an easy 33-7 victory, something they haven't been able to say in 2017.
"It's not easy," Fox said of the five-game losing streak. "It's not easy on anybody. But you don't lay your sword down. You just keep swinging."
It was the Bears' first game with over 28 points scored in more than two years, so the narrative for the week will be that it's all coming together for this club three years into a rebuild.
If that's true, the Super Bowl conversation can't be far behind.
brozner@dailyherald.com
• Hear Barry Rozner on WSCR 670-AM and follow him @BarryRozner on Twitter.
What happens when you mash up “The Fast and the Furious” with JERRY SEINFELD's “Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee”?
In honor of “The Fate of the Furious”, someone mashed up “The Fast and the Furious” and “Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee” to hilarious results.
TORONTO – It sounds like a potentially perilous situation: an officer calling for assistance while on duty. Except in the case of two Toronto officers on Sunday, the problem wasn't gunfire or an uncooperative arrestee—it was pot the cops had allegedly consumed.
CBC News reports the officers, whose names haven't been released by the department, allegedly ate marijuana edibles near a police station and then reportedly started to hallucinate.
That's when CBC News reports that one made the call, though sources tell CP24 a more colorful story: that the call was placed after one officer ended up in a tree.
The two were reportedly found in a police vehicle and at least one of them was brought to the hospital. Making the situation worse: an officer who responded to the scene slipped on ice and suffered a head injury in the process.
The Toronto Star reports that some hours prior, a raid had been carried out on a nearby marijuana dispensary; it reports that it's unclear if the officers in question participated, but a source tells CBC News the edibles that were allegedly consumed were thought to have been taken during that raid.
The officers have reportedly been suspended and will be investigated by the professional standards unit. (These stoned drug traffickers called 911 on themselves.)
This article originally appeared on Newser: Cops Allegedly Eat Pot on Duty, Start Hallucinating
More From Newser:
A recent fumble in transitioning accounts from its old partner bank to its current one has left Simple scrambling to mollify distressed customers.
The fiasco may hold a valuable lesson for fintechs and banks alike about the need for closer integration.
It all started when Simple began last year to sever ties with The Bancorp, which until recently had held all of the startup's customer accounts. Simple has spent the past several months moving the accounts in batches to BBVA Compass, which acquired the fintech for a reported $117 million in 2014.
Customers making the switch are required to go through much the same process as they would to open a brand-new bank account. During the transition, some have complained of problems accessing their funds, making automatic bill payments and using their debit cards.
Now, with the deadline to complete the transition fast approaching, Simple is dropping a sliver of its customers, whose accounts it hasn't been able to port over to BBVA in time, and asking them to reopen. The company has not disclosed the exact number of customers who have been left in the lurch, but said it is less than 0.7% of the total.
“The exact situations leading to this can vary from customer-to-customer, so there isn't a blanket answer to ‘why' each account has to be reopened,” said Amy Dunn, a spokeswoman for Simple. “Simple wasn't the first banking or payment company to undergo a processor migration, so we knew that historically these were challenging moves with a lot of technical and logistical ‘unknowns.'”
Josh Reich, Simple's CEO, intervened to help at least one distressed customer, but to little avail.
The customer account closures were reported earlier Monday by Bank Innovation.
One affected customer is Aaron Frank, the CEO of Final, a credit card startup. He received a message on April 13 telling him that his account would be closed in a month, and instructing him to move his funds out in order to prevent them "from being tied up in the closure process." He protested that his monthly transaction limit was too low for him to get his money out in time.
The problems resulting from the transition seem almost as diverse as the customers affected. One woman, for instance, temporarily lost access to her funds after Simple closed her account in February with what she says was insufficient notice, though the online bank did prompt her to open an account with BBVA.
As financial institutions continue to find synergies with fintechs, their partnerships will require that they come up with ways to integrate their systems and policies more seamlessly. Only then can they avoid problems such as hanging out to dry non-citizens who are living in the U.S. on green cards or work visas.
In the meantime, Simple is performing triage. Thanks to the intervention of Josh Reich, Simple's CEO, Frank was able to discuss his situation with a Bancorp representative. But in the end, the person with whom he spoke couldn't offer any help beyond suggesting that he close and then reopen his account.
"Main takeaway I got," Frank tweeted, "is that conversions [are] hard."
Subscribe to read: Financial Times PAN leader urges Mexico's former first lady not to run for president as independent
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00* Select Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week* Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT's award-winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week* Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week* Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options:
Subscribe to read: Financial Times Neave Brown on having a blueprint for the building of community
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00* Select Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week* Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT's award-winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week* Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week* Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options:
"It's great. This is the kind of pressure you want, an opportunity. And we know it's big. We haven't been even in the mid-first round very much. Justin Anderson was No. 21, not technically even in the middle first-round. And now you're No. 9 at the present time. This is great. There should be reason for great optimism. There's always a chance you can get lucky and move into the top-three on the night of the draft lottery. We'll keep our fingers crossed there. But again, it's not like some other years where you have two or three good players and the rest of them you're just not sure; you can kinda just throw them all in a bucket and just pick one. This is very deep."
"I've been looking at it for about 10 days now. It's deep. It's 13 or 14 deep with guys that are going to legitimately help teams; not only teams that are bad but teams that are good. It's a good year to be in the top-10. We'll take advantage of it. There's a lot of work to do between now and draft night. Chicago pre-draft is coming up in 3-4 weeks, there will be a lot of workouts, there will be a lot of interviews. There will be a lot of vetting out of players and finding things out along with watching a lot of film. And then we'll have a big decision to make."
On how each member of the front office evaluates talent leading up to the draft:
"I've looked at these guys on film. That's very different from seeing them in person. We've got scouts that have been watching these guys for years. So their opinions have to be collected by Donnie Nelson, Michael Finley. Ultimately, your owner is the final decision maker. Even if some guys are hired in GM positions and they say, 'I have decision-making power in this job,' not really. You're always running it by your owner. And so ultimately Mark [Cuban] makes the final call and we'll make a recommendation. Really the draft is Donnie Nelson and Michael Finley's thing. I'm involved because I probably have the closest pulse to what the team presently is and what I believe our needs are. As you move into this, it gets wild and wacky. Some of the things that go on, rumors, all of a sudden some guy will pop into the top-eight for whatever reason. So there's all that stuff to come, but there is reason for great excitement now."
On if the Mavericks will draft based on need or best player available:
"We gotta take the best player available. I think Mark makes a good point -- if you have any chance to develop a guy who has a chance to be a legitimate star, that's something you got to look at because stars are such an important part of being successful in the NBA. I just think that sometimes a pick can transcend a positional need. If a player is that level of ability or if you see something in that player that you think this guy could be really, truly special. For example, four years ago Giannis Antetokounmpo was the 15th pick. If you look at the list of the guys above him, at that time everyone thought those guys were clearly above him. If you go and repick that draft right now, he wouldn't go 15."
On how important interviews are in the draft process:
"They're extremely important. Being in the business now for 33 years, you get some very strong first-impression kinda snapshot, blink impressions of guys. Normally I find that first impression normally are pretty accurate. It's almost like speed dating, what we have in Chicago. Teams are set up in conference rooms all over the hotel, these draft prospects are going essentially room to room and sitting down with the coach, the GM, the assistant GM, whoever your five or six people are that are your decision makers. And you get the chance to grill them. People do a great job of prepping these kids. They can be programmed to say all the right things."
The state Senate on Tuesday passed legislation giving fire victims who lost their homes in October more flexibility under their insurance policies to rebuild, though a related measure remains stymied by industry opposition in the chamber.
Senators voted 24-11 in favor of the measure, SB 894, by Sen. Bill Dodd, D-Napa, which would aid fire victims who find themselves severely underinsured as they attempt to rebuild. The bill would apply retroactively to July 1, 2017 to benefit the almost 6,200 North Bay homes lost in last year's wildfires.
The Dodd bill now heads to the state Assembly.
It would allow policyholders to combine their homeowner policies for different coverage areas — such as personal property and outside dwellings — to pay for rebuilding their primary dwelling.
In a concession to industry opposition, Dodd narrowed his measure so that the insurance payments would apply to actual losses accrued, not the maximum amount listed under each line item of a policy. Additionally, three conditions must be met: The actual cause of loss must be declared a disaster by the governor, there must a total loss of a primary dwelling and policyholders must show they have insufficient coverage to rebuild.
“Tragic and destructive wildfires over the past few years have revealed shortcomings in the law that have allowed insurance companies to take advantage of people,” Dodd said. “This bill will put an end to the abuses, providing needed relief for victims struggling desperately to put their lives back together.”
The legislation also expands the insurance coverage for living expenses from two years to three, and increases from one year to two the length of time insurance companies would be required to provide victims with policy renewals in the aftermath of such disasters. Companies also must report to the Insurance Commissioner if they decline to renew a policy.
Meanwhile, Sen. Mike McGuire, D-Healdsburg, is attempting to move his bill (SB 897) that would require insurance carriers to pay out at least 80 percent of the maximum limit under a homeowner's personal property coverage without requiring policyholders to itemize losses. The provision would be granted for claims in a declared disaster area.
“We're still working on it,” said Kerrie Lindecker, McGuire's spokeswoman.
Under pressure from state Insurance Commissioner Dave Jones, most carriers have paid out from 50 percent to 100 percent of personal property limits without itemization in the aftermath of the October fires. Many policyholders have complained that compiling a list of individual items lost is too burdensome and traumatic as they try to rebuild.
The McGuire bill must pass the chamber by Friday or it will be dead for the legislative session.
China's top football team vows to phase out foreign players
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Florida Gov. Rick Scott signed a bill Monday that will loosen the state's rules for small-dollar consumer lending.
The law, which sailed through both houses of the Florida Legislature, authorizes 60- to 90-day loans of up to $1,000, while continuing to allow 30-day payday loans.
The legislation was pushed by the payday loan industry. Supporters argue that the law will ensure access to credit to cash-strapped Florida consumers, who might be unable to obtain payday loans as a result of new rules from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau meant to crack down on high-cost consumer loans of up 45 days.
The bill, signed by Florida Gov. Rick Scott on Monday, is the first state law to take aim at the CFPB's payday lending rule. Bloomberg
State Sen. Rob Bradley, a Republican who sponsored the legislation, touted the bill as a way to protect 10,000 jobs in the Florida payday lending industry that he said were at risk because of the CFPB's actions.
Consumer advocates noted in response that that payday lenders do not have to be in compliance with most provisions of the CFPB rule until August 2019, and that acting CFPB Director Mick Mulvaney has cast doubt on the rule's staying power.
The bill's opponents also say that many Florida consumers will be worse off under the new rules than they were previously.
A borrower who takes out a 60-day, $1,000 loan under the new law will owe fees of around $215, according to an analysis by Florida legislative staffers. A Sunshine State resident who takes out two 30-day, $500 payday loans owes $110 in fees.
Florida is the first state to pass a law designed to blunt the impact of the CFPB's payday lending rule. Last year, bills to legalize high-cost installment loans were introduced in 10 states, but all of them were rejected.
When are you most likely to be involved in a serious - or fatal - car crash?
At a four-way intersection with a traffic light - when someone runs a red.
St Louis County has found a way to keep tabs on twice as many intersections with half the law enforcement officers - and that's good news for everyone but the folks who are driving impaired or distracted and blowing through the red lights.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
CBS Local — A new male birth control pill is being called safe and effective by researchers in a recent study. The daily oral contraceptive known as dimethandrolone undecanoate (DMAU) is being viewed as a major breakthrough in creating a similar product to female birth control.
“DMAU is a major step forward in the development of a once-daily ‘male pill,'” Dr. Stephanie Page told Endocrine Society. “Many men say they would prefer a daily pill as a reversible contraceptive, rather than long-acting injections or topical gels, which are also in development.”
According to scientists, 83 men who completed the study showed “marked suppression” of testosterone levels as well as two hormones required to make sperm. Patients who took the largest doses (400 mg) on a daily basis had the largest decreases in testosterone however, researchers say the number of side-effects reported were low.
“Very few subjects reported symptoms consistent with testosterone deficiency or excess,” Dr. Page added. Some patients did note taking DMAU during the 28-day trial resulted in weight gain and a decrease in HDL (or “good” cholesterol).
The tests also found that DMAU had to be taken with food to be effective. Page and her team say long-term studies are now being done to prove that the “male pill” will be an effective complement to female birth control pills.
CBS Local — Amtrak says a special train ride taking passengers along the route of the Aug. 21 solar eclipse sold out in less than a day. The 409-seat passenger train in Illinois will be traveling from Chicago's Union Station to Carbondale, Ill.
The special eclipse train will also pick up passengers in Champaign, Illinois before arriving in Carbondale, where the historic event can reportedly been seen for over 2 and a half minutes. Amtrak is handing out eclipse-viewing glasses to each of the passengers who paid up to $153 for a seat on the round-trip journey on Aug. 21.
Riders will be waking up early to catch their train that Monday. The Amtrak train will be leaving Chicago around 3 a.m. CT and Champaign at 5:05 a.m. before departing for Carbondale. The early start will give riders plenty of time to get ready to view the eclipse in Carbondale, which starts coming into view around 11:52 a.m. local time that morning. The solar eclipse won't reach totality, the point where the moon almost completely covers the sun, until 1:20 p.m., local time.
The path of totality covers a 70-mile-wide lane that will cut across 12 states from Oregon to South Carolina. There are an estimated 12 million people, coast-to-coast, in the eclipse's path. It will be the country's first coast-to-coast solar eclipse in 99 years.
/ Front page / News
Update: 5:26PM THREE men initially charged with the murder of a labourer in Nausori have been found guilty and convicted of the charge.
Kelepi Qaqa, Josaia Vusuya and Tevita Dakuituraga were today found guilty of one count of murder. Mr Qaqa was also found guilty of another count of act with intent to cause grievous harm.
The three appeared before Justice Salesi Temo at the High Court in Suva.
They killed Epineri Waqawai, 25, of Lakena in Nausori during a fight on the night of July 18, 2015.
All three accused persons have been remanded in custody to await their sentencing tomorrow.
Amid soaring fuel prices, Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan today said petrol and diesel prices in the state would be slashed by Rs 1 per litre from June 1.
A decision in this regard was taken at the state cabinet today.
The reduction would cause a yearly loss of Rs 509 crore to the state exchequer on the tax front, he said.
The petrol price in the state today was Rs 82 per litre, while for diesel it was Rs 75, he said.
“The Centre should reduce the rising fuel prices as it was causing severe hardship to the common man”, Vijayan said, adding that by reducing the petrol and diesel prices in Kerala, the government has set an example for the Centre to follow.
Even as international crude oil prices are coming down, fuel prices in the country were going up, he claimed.
Could fintech help the planet cope with climate change?
Some major players — Prince Charles; bankers from Barclays, Standard Chartered, and BNP Paribas; three fintechs; and professors from the University of Cambridge — all hope the answer is yes.
On Tuesday at the One Planet Summit in Paris, they are expected to announce they are developing blockchain technology that lets banks see which potential borrowers use environmentally sustainable practices and therefore are worthy of preferential lending terms. Such disclosures presumably would put pressure on companies to pollute less.
It's an interesting potential use for blockchain, a response to humans' decades of callousness about wasting environmental resources, a way for banks to improve their image and attract environmentally conscious investors and borrowers, and a potential business opportunity for fintechs.
Royal imprimatur Prince Charles convened a group of global corporations and startups to look at how financial technology could be used to redirect capital flows toward sustainable projects. A task force was established that included Barclays, Standard Chartered, BNP Paribas, three fintechs and Cambridge University. Adobe
The banks involved hope to meet climate-change goals and improve their overall reputation.
“The banks are going to be rewarded in the sense that their image and their desire to have a positive impact on society is going to be greatly enhanced — which is a great reward,” said Marguerite Burghardt, head of the Trade Finance Competence Center at BNP Paribas. “The banking industry is looking at improving its image and having a positive action on the planet and society, having a key role in improvement of life conditions on earth.”
Earlier this year, Prince Charles convened a group of global corporations and startups to look at how financial technology could be used to redirect capital flows toward sustainable projects. A fintech task force was set up that included the three banks, three fintechs and Cambridge University.
“From the outset, all the participants were very keen that we focus on real economic issues and came up with real, live examples,” said Rhian-Mari Thomas, managing director and chairman of Barclays' Green Banking Council. “We wanted to focus on devising a real tangible pilot, and then use that as a test bed to see how such different entities could collaborate together and what lessons we would learn. That's how we came out with this supply chain challenge and pilot we're about to launch.”
The blockchain — which might run on Ethereum or Hyperledger — will capture data about whether participants in a supply chain are adhering to sustainability requirements. The data will be verified by fintechs such as Landmapp, which can confirm how much land a company owns. The banks will use the information to offer better prices and terms to those that meet the highest sustainability standards.
“That banking facility will provide the incentive for those suppliers to not only provide the data but to behave in a more sustainable way,” Thomas said. “Sustainable sourcing is very important to our clients.”
There might also be an opportunity for the bank to provide blockchain finance and invoice finance.
Where does blockchain come in? The immutability of the technology could give the bankers confidence that the sustainable-practices information is true. And the shared ledger will of course give everyone involved a view of the information without the need for third parties or the emailing of documents.
“Blockchain presents a great way of creating shared data initiatives amongst different large parties,” said Jessi Baker, founder of the U.K.-based Provenance, one of the three fintech firms involved in the effort. “So for me, the key aspect of blockchain is interoperability and creating a common system architecture.”
The other two fintechs are Landmapp and Halotrade, which uses smart contracts and algorithms to convert supply chain data into preferential pricing terms in banks' systems.
The goal of the pilot is to test the hypothesis that better loan terms for sustainable practices will motivate companies to make environmentally friendly choices to obtain those better terms, noted Andrew Voysey, director of sustainable finance at Cambridge's Institute of Sustainability Leadership.
“That's why we have to test this in the real world using key supply chain companies,” Voysey said. For instance, Unilever has signed up. “If it's successful, it could be pretty transformative.”
The pilot is expected to go live in December 2018. The first users will be 10,000 tea farmers in Malawi.
The project may go beyond blockchain technology.
“We're talking about how many new technologies can come together to enable what today are siloed systems for product traceability and trade finance,” Baker said. “Those two haven't really been connected yet. It's not just blockchain allowing us to make those connections — it's also the existing tech landscape, with mobile, open data sets, and many startups are helping digitize impact data on the ground.”
Commonly referred to as a “law” Moore's Law is actually an observation and not a law of physics. Attributed to Intel co-founder Gordon Moore, Moore's Law states that the number of transistors per square inch on an integrated circuit doubles every year. First observed in 1965, shortly after the creation of the first integrated circuits in the late 1950s, Moore's Law has since been updated and today the rate of doubling is pegged at around 18 months to two years.
Over the past few weeks a new face has begun to appear at the Sky-Hi News offices on a regular basis, though his name will not be appearing on any bylines.
Dave Cleveland is a local resident and formally trained engineer who has spent recent weeks constructing, testing, and redesigning a large automated assembly line system inside the back bay at the Sky-Hi News office, in the space occupied by a printing press many years ago. The machine is not being built for the newspaper though. Instead Cleveland has been leasing space at our office to complete a contract with one of the globe's leading manufacturers of automotive equipment.
Cleveland, who calls himself a systems integrator, owns and operates his own custom machinery engineering shop in Grand County where he designs and builds integrated systems of varying sizes. In the simplest of layman's terms Cleveland makes automated machines, typically to perform repetitive or complex tasks. He is at the forefront of a rapidly shifting economic paradigm involving what is colloquially referred to as robots, though would more accurately be called automation.
"There are so many tasks out there that are either extremely repetitive, require lots of precision, or are just flat out dangerous," Cleveland said. "My customers can't buy something off the shelf to address those problems. Engineers like me do custom machine designs to address those problems. I am basically putting together a lot of really expensive toys."
Originally from Bismarck, N.D., Cleveland studied engineering at the University of North Dakota and went to work for the prefabricated window company Pella Windows immediately after graduating. After five years with Pella Cleveland and his wife spent a summer touring the Rocky mountain west and portions of Canada before deciding to resettle in Denver. Cleveland then went to work for a Golden-based firm that specialized in the design and construction of custom equipment, often creating machinery for factories that produced airbags.
During the 1990s, Cleveland discovered the Fraser Valley and started spending a lot of time indulging what he calls his "skiing habit" — Cleveland helps coach the Middle Park High School Nordic Ski Team and is an accomplished cross country skier and bi-athlete. At around the same time one of his fellow workers at the Golden firm asked Cleveland if he was interested in forming a new company with several other engineers.
Cleveland spent 12 years as a co-owner of Timberline Automation before the Great Recession hit and lean times forced the owners of the business to go their separate ways. Cleveland decided to scale down his operations and become a one-man-show. Since then he has operated his own firm, Custom Engineering Solutions.
The assembly machine Cleveland is currently producing makes automotive parts. Because of the market competition that inherently drives automation Cleveland signs non-disclosure agreements with his clients, who also typically own the intellectual property rights to the work he produces. Cleveland could not divulge the name of his client, or specifics about the automated assembly he is currently building but did say the machinery makes automotive clamps and that he has built several other machines for the same client that also produce automotive clamps.
Cleveland said it was, "very likely" that most cars in the county have clamps inside them that were produced by the automated machinery he has produced for his clients over the past decade.
The future of automated systems engineering looks bright to Cleveland, who highlighted predictions that robotics and automation are expected to replace millions of jobs, and almost entire professions, in coming years.
"If you have heard of Moore's Law, I think it applies to really any kind of technology. Even mine," Cleveland said. "It may not be happening with the same exponent, but it is still growth. It is astounding the leaps we make every 10 years."
Actress Tiffani Thiessen has always had a love for food. While Thiessen is known for her roles as Kelly Kapowski on Saved By the Bell, cooking has always been one of her biggest passions.
“I've always had a love for cooking since I was little,” she told CBS Local. “I cooked in the kitchen with my mom, grandmother and aunt and then I came up with an idea for TV show called Dinner at Tiffani's.”
Thiessen spent the week in New York last month to work with TownHouse on their new Crackers & Hummus snack. The former Beverly Hills, 90210 star told CBS Local she will be appearing in a new show in 2018 called “Alexa and Katie,” where she plays a different kind of role.
“It's a family comedy about two girls embarking into high school. I play the mother of the one teenager. That's kind of new for me. Not playing a mother so much, but playing a mother of teenagers. It's a very fun and sweet family show.”
The former teen star has worked with many great actors, but she said working with Woody Allen on “Hollywood Ending” tops the list of her proudest moments.
“Doing a Woody Allen film was definitely a highlight in my career. He is an amazing, hardworking man. I really enjoyed that process of working with him. He's a legend, he was very kind and I had a great time.
By Gbenga Sodeinde, Ado Ekiti
Ekiti Stste Governor, Mr. Ayo Fayose has cried out over an alleged plan of the Federal Government to cripple the state through withholding of the January statutory allocation to the state so as to make ” it impossible for the government to carry out its statutory financial obligations” in the state.
Addressing journalists in Ado Ekiti on Tuesday, Fayose who alleged that “two weeks ago, some top functionaries of the APC in Ekiti State met in Abuja where it was decided that renew efforts should be made to cripple the State,” added that “It was agreed that the federal government must be made to stop all intervention funds to Ekiti State while the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) should be used to cripple the finances of contractors handling government legacy projects.”
The governor said the game plan is that the moment workers do not receive their salary, “they will hate me and my party, the PDP and this they believe will translate to votes for them in 2018.
This new onslaught against Ekiti State and its people started with the stoppage of the State. January allocation and statutory budget support fund.”
According to him, “While all states in Nigeria received their full allocation from the federation account last month, the budget support fund was not released to Ekiti State thereby making it impossible for the state to meet its financial obligations, most especially the payment of salaries.
“Three weeks after Federation Account Allocation Committee (FAAC) meeting, they have refused to tell us why they denied Ekiti State of the statutory allocation, and our letter to the Minister of Finance was ignored.
“In another drama, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) is now harassing major contractors handling Ekiti State Government projects, with a view to making sure that the projects are abandoned just because of 2018 election.
“Obviously, these APC leaders in Ekiti State and their collaborators in Abuja fear that the completion of our ongoing legacy projects like the Overhead Bridge, Oja Oba Market, High Court Complex, Governor Office, Roads construction, among others, will further endear our party, the PDP to the people who will be positively affected.
“One wonders why the APC will desire that Ekiti people suffer just because of desperation for power To prevent these projects from being completed, we have it on good authority that accounts of contractors handling major projects are to be frozen, thus prevent completion of the projects in record time.
“It is so sad that anyone in his or her right senses will want to prevent workers from being paid and projects from being completed just because of their desperation to wrestle power from me, having failed in all their previous attempts.
“Interestingly, this same EFCC that is always in a hurry to harass my government has refused to act on several petitions submitted to it on the wanton looting of the State treasury by the immediate past APC government of Dr Kayode Fayemi.
“However, notwithstanding this new evil plot against the government and people of Ekiti State, I will remain undaunted, believing strongly that God will again overcome this evil-machination. Definitely, this too shall pass” the governor added.
The post Fayose cries out, alleges plan by FG to cripple his govt through withholding of the January statutory allocation to the state. appeared first on Daily Times Nigeria.
Dollar rises, Treasury prices fall after rise in hourly earnings growth
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
A new poll shows San Diego Republican John Cox holds a seven-point advantage for second place among likely voters in the governor's election Tuesday, signaling that voters prefer him and Democratic Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom to face off in the November general election.
The poll by UC Berkeley's Institute of Governmental Studies also found Newsom expanding his lead, with 33 percent of likely voters backing the San Francisco Democrat. Support for Cox, a businessman, grew to 20 percent, while former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa's backing grew to 13 percent. The percentage of undecided voters dropped from 13 percent in April to 7 percent in the current poll.
"We think it's likely to be Cox against Newsom in the general election," said Mark DiCamillo, director of the poll.
The poll, conducted after President Donald Trump's endorsement of Cox, showed Republican support coalescing for Cox over the other leading Republican in the race, Assemblyman Travis Allen of Huntington Beach. In April, they were nearly neck-and-neck, with Cox at 47 percent and Allen at 38 percent among Republicans. The latest poll had Cox at 53 percent to Allen's 32 percent.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"It seems Trump's endorsement put Cox over the top," DiCamillo said. "He's the president, and the Republican Party is very much supportive of Donald Trump. It's his party these days, so when Trump weighs into the California gubernatorial primary, I think that has an impact on Republican voters."
After his initial endorsement, Trump tweeted again Monday saying "California has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime, high tax problems...vote for GOP Gubernatorial Candidate JOHN COX, a really good and highly competent man. He'll Make California Great Again!"
Overall, 12 percent of likely voters preferred Allen, while state Treasurer John Chiang remained at 7 percent and former state schools chief Delaine Eastin held steady at 4 percent.
DiCamillo noted the poll is yet more good news for Newsom, who said this week on a campaign bus tour across California that Democrats should unite behind one gubernatorial candidate rather than fighting it out in an expensive and divisive Democrat-on-Democrat competition in the general.
"It did appear early on that there was some chance that Villaraigosa might make it," DiCamillo said. "That would certainly add a lot of drama to the general election, but in a traditional Democrat against a Republican race, in this state, the Democrat would be heavily favored."
Newsom led the field among Democrats, with 50 percent of likely voters saying they prefer him to the other major choices in the party. Villaraigosa was next, with 20 percent of Democratic support.
The poll was conducted from May 22 to 28, with 23 percent of likely voters sampled having already cast votes. Among the early voters, 38 percent said they cast votes for Newsom, while 23 percent had voted for Cox.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Gubernatorial candidates Lt. Gov. and former San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom and former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa spoke to the Sacramento Bee about the sex scandals that troubled their time as mayors ahead of the primary next month. Emily ZentnerSacramento Bee Editorial Board
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK The attorney, accountant and businessman from Chicago, a "Jack Kemp-style" Republican, has set his sights on California's governorship. Emily Zentner & Christopher CadelagoThe Sacramento Bee
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Democratic Gavin Newsom started off his political career on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors. Now he's running for governor. Hawken MillerThe Sacramento Bee
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK She was the state's first female Superintendent of Public Instruction. Now, she wants to be governor. Emily Zentnre & Christopher CadelagoThe Sacramento Bee
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Assemblyman Travis Allen, a Huntington Beach Republican and provocative conservative voice in the Legislature, announced on June 22, 2017, that he is running for California governor. Alexei KoseffThe Sacramento Bee
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Airbus and Boeing expect turbulence in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
ABC canceled its hit reboot of "Roseanne" on Tuesday, May 29, 2018, following star Roseanne Barr's racist tweet that referred to former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett as a product of the Muslim Brotherhood and the "Planet of the Apes." File photo by Richard Shotwell Invision/AP
ASCI Presidential Address Free access | 10.1172/JCI96939
2017 American Society for Clinical Investigation Presidential Address
I know it's a little late in the day for it, but I want to start with breakfast. It was a Sunday in May 1990, final exam week of my first year in medical school. I was thoroughly tired of exams. Filling out another answer sheet with a number 2 pencil was the last thing I wanted to do. So I was thrilled to see the flyer on my desk for a breakfast seminar. Free breakfast and a lecture by Dr. Robert Mahley.
I went for breakfast, but was nourished more by Dr. Mahley's project, a population study of lipid metabolism in Turkey. Afterwards, I don't know what possessed me, but I walked up to him and told him that in college I had studied lipid metabolism in elephant seals with Dr. Donald Puppione. Could I join his team and go to Turkey to take part in this research?
I remember the look on his face: who is this? But instead of laughing at my naiveté or doubting my ability, he took me on. That breakfast was the first step in my journey as a physician-scientist. Along the way, Dr. Mahley sent me to UT Southwestern, where I met Dr. Helen Hobbs. Since then, the two of them have supported every step of my career, including some challenging times, such as when I suddenly lost my husband, to discoveries that were exciting but very much counter to prevailing ideas. No matter how trivial or how difficult a problem, they were there to listen and advise. Through doubts, fears, and excitement, they were there. I am certain that without them, I would not be standing here today.
In those days, they knew, as I did not, that I was a future physician-scientist at risk. I might have become discouraged, or distracted, and quit research. But today, as a Council member, and this year, as President of the ASCI, I have spent considerable time thinking about the existential risks of physician-scientists.
Like many physicians working in academic centers, I was startled to learn how few of us there are: we make up less than 2% of US medical doctors (1). This number is based on a rather liberal definition of physicians doing research, in which research is not necessarily a major component of one's effort. An increasing number of medical schools have abbreviated the basic science courses in their curricula. Perhaps more important, physician-scientists have virtually disappeared from the teaching arena of direct patient care. Today, practical nuances, such as documentation and charge capture, have displaced curiosity and understanding of patient presentations and disease pathophysiology. In response, many physician-scientists have retreated to the comfort zones of our laboratories; few of us have proactively stepped up to interact with students and residents in clinical settings.
With decreasing emphasis on basic science and having so few role models, how can we expect young people to want to become physician-scientists? Often, the brightest students most interested in science are those who are admitted to medical school. However, on the long path from medical school through residency, they often do not have any meaningful contact with role models, so even the most brilliant students cannot sustain that interest. In this climate, how can we expect physicians to play a key role in finding the root cause of disease? Who will bring the next infectious outbreak to the bench? Opportunities to develop treatments for nearly 5,000 diseases with known genetic causes will be deferred or lost. Even if we can provide accessible health care to everyone in our country, patients will still suffer from dementia, ALS, and many diseases of which we have little understanding. We cannot deemphasize research.
Of course, this is not a new problem. The term “endangered species” was used by Dr. James Wyngaarden to describe physician-scientists in the late 1970s (2). Since then, Drs. David Ginsburg, Robert Lefkowitz, Stuart Orkin, Leon Rosenberg, Andrew Schafer, and many others have discussed the declining number of physicians in research.
But what is new is our imagination fatigue. As I talk to colleagues, junior and senior, about physician-scientists, I have a growing sense that we are accepting the status quo rather than striving to promote the phenomenal science that we should bring to our patients. Often I hear that “the days of the triple threat are over” or that “today, one can no longer take care of patients and do research.” Many even say that it is not possible for an individual researcher to make major contributions, but rather that only teams can bring substantive advances.
I am not diminishing the importance of collaborations. Of course major discoveries are the culmination of many advances. But is it true that medicine and science have gotten so much harder?
I don't think so. Instead, I suspect that we have simply accepted that it is much harder, only because we have been hearing that pessimistic refrain for so long. What we need to do is to imagine what is possible.
It is not that medicine or science has gotten harder, but rather the bureaucracy has gotten in the way, and the value system has changed. We accept the mounting administrative burden and rewards for medical procedures, rather than academic contributions. Others including Dr. Holly Smith have pointed out the unusual and complex arrangement in which medical education and research take place alongside the health care system. Research, education, and patient care have different goals. To evaluate their success with the same criteria can lead to the sense that individuals cannot participate in all three missions. Nevertheless, our Society has maintained an illustrious roster of physician-scientists for over 100 years; it is our responsibility to ensure its vitality. Let's remember what we saw in our mentors who inspired us to become physician-scientists.We cannot sit and accept the stacks of reports on declining funding and the decreasing numbers of young physicians going into research. Instead, we have to fix them. The time is now. I think we all know what this “ideal situation” should look like. We do not need another study or report. We need to find practical and actionable solutions.
Today is the eve of the March for Science taking place in Washington, DC, and in cities around the world, including Chicago. We can take steps in our own march for science, starting right here. Let me share some steps, large and small, that I hope we can take together.
First, let me start with the boldest one: What if we have an independent fund to support young physician-scientists, especially at the transition from training to independence? Dr. Holly Smith referred to this period as “neonatal care.” He said, “In the biogenesis of a physician-scientist, one of the most neglected stages is that of the precarious transition into independence. This phase shift from training, which implies dependence, to independence as a scientist requires careful consideration and support” (3). So, let's imagine a fund aimed to address this period of vulnerability. It will be coupled with mentoring, including strong commitment from advisors to help their trainees transition to independence. Sustained support should encourage our trainees to take on riskier and more challenging problems. The funding will be generous, but the bar will also be held high. This is a dream that several colleagues and I share; we are still discussing details. In the audience, if you are sitting on $1 billion, please talk to me. And for the rest, stay tuned and be a voice for funds for young investigators. We will need all of your support for this major step forward in our march.
Second, deans, department chairs, and division chiefs: fellows and young faculty have put their careers and therefore the future of biomedicine in your hands. The beginning of a career is the most difficult. Your encouragement of faculty can turn their worries into productive action. The intellectually stimulating culture and research support that you provide prompt a willingness to take on difficult clinical cases and challenging research questions. Research is accompanied by failures; your departments' supportive environment can reassure our younger colleagues that each failed experiment is one step closer to a key finding. Most important, faculty pay close attention to how you judge them — whether it is by the amount of grant dollars, the number of clinical procedures, or the time spent to solve difficult cases and understand basic mechanisms. How you reward and/or compensate your faculty goes far beyond those individuals; it sets the value system for our community.
Even though we do not know exactly what fosters breakthroughs, we do know from academic pedigrees that excellence, curiosity, and creativity are contagious. Environments that demand critical thinking and true progress rather than incremental advances are important. Today, there is much uncertainty in funding for research and health care. In these times, an instinct may be to retreat to safer problems and use more conservative approaches, but these have long-term negative effects on science and medicine. Your leadership is critical at this juncture. Perhaps we can leverage this challenging time to encourage transformative changes on longstanding issues such as length of training, salary and compensation, as well as board and recertification requirements. Adversity does not have to hinder progress; we look to you for guidance and plans that invest in our futures.
Third, what can we do as the ASCI? We need to lead by examining the meaning of “honor” and “excellence” in selecting new members. It is easy for us to reward individuals by looking at discernible results, such as impact factors and grant dollars, rather than evaluating the process or the bravery in taking on difficult problems or spending time to understand a fundamental process that has no clear trajectory to disease treatments. We can either encourage a whole generation of physician-scientists who are good at scoring As or reward those who are committed to groundbreaking discoveries. The criteria we use in what Dr. Goldstein referred to as “mid-career checkups” (4) influence the composition of this room and the atmosphere of academic medicine. The Joint Meeting should be where everyone wants to come to hear the latest discoveries and meet the newest inductees — and not just a rite of passage. So let's lead by carefully defining the meaning of “honor” in this honor society.
I just listed some big cultural changes that we have to make; there are also smaller steps that each of us can take, starting today.
Notice the students and fellows in this room, talk to them, show interest in their research and career plans, tell them to stay in touch, and check in with them from time to time. We like to say we offer a wonderful network. Demonstrate that by reaching out to our colleagues and young trainees.
Make sure our fellows and junior faculty have protected time and support for research. And if we notice they don't, intervene for them, and don't accept the less-than-ideal situation; help them to imagine and achieve the best.
Give to funds such as the Seldin~Smith Award or the Medical Fellows Fund that allow the ASCI to support young investigators. We need your financial support. We will be a good steward of your contributions. There is a table outside with information on ASCI programs that need your support; I hope you will stop by and make a contribution.
Come to the annual meeting regularly and encourage your colleagues to do the same — it's a great time to catch up with friends, meet with mentors, and mentor the next generation. We cannot be a single voice for physician-scientists unless we act together. Consider the annual meeting a step in your march for science. A single march is not enough, nor is coming to the meeting only in the year of your induction.
Thank our hard-working staff and our Council members for their service. Every march needs good organizers. I, personally, have valued receiving their advice and expertise during my presidential year.
Fellows and students: your steps are the most difficult. Your responsibility is to work hard and excel. Like many others, I am going to tell you to follow your passion and remain curious. A question or a finding may be very cool at first sight, but for it to take root requires time and hard work. So start by finding an interesting topic, and then learn everything about it by reading, doing experiments, and talking to experts; in Dr. Michael Brown's words, “be totally consumed by it” (5). Your strongest voice is showing excellence in what you do. Pick a reasonable set of things to do, and give it your all. Don't be afraid to pursue hard problems, and don't settle for anything less than excellence. This persistence will enable you to make discoveries that improve patients' lives. You will find that these pursuits are intellectually gratifying and outright enjoyable.
I hope everyone in this room will refuse to accept the status quo, commit to doing something, and support each other's efforts. We have to rekindle the same level of excitement that was present for those who started the ASCI in 1908. Fundamental research by ASCI members led to the development of drugs to treat heart diseases, stomach ulcers, and immune deficiencies. Later today, you will hear from three colleagues whose basic studies led to drugs for diabetes that benefited many millions of patients. It's just the most recent evidence that our work is essential to America and the world.
Finally, let us be the generation that reverses the decline in the number of physician-scientists. We have to shed our imagination fatigue and take concerted actions together. I am confident that we can achieve this most important goal. Let's march together; I count on each and every one of you to take bold steps to support physician-scientists.
Acknowledgments I had the privilege of working with colleagues and friends who care deeply about physician-scientists. I wish to express my gratitude for their ideas, suggestions, and unwavering support. The enthusiasm and dedication of Mukesh Jain, Brian Kobilka, Robert Lefkowitz, Paul J. (PJ) Utz, and Tachi Yamada have motivated me to focus on building support for physician-scientists. I must also thank Victor Dzau, Kenneth (Kurt) Fischbeck, Frederick Ognibene, Marschall Runge, Holly Smith, and Andrew Schafer for their mentoring and advice. I thank Melanie Daub for many conversations and ideas on how we can improve support for trainees. Special thanks to members of my lab, in particular, Alan Bruzel, Colleen McGarry, and Isabel Wang, who sustain me by sharing their excitement and commitment to research. I dedicate this address to the memory of my husband, Richard S. Spielman, who taught me to “always be on the lookout for the presence of wonder” (6).
It's August, and you know what that means: it's National Crayon Collection Month. It's also National Catfish Month, National Eye Exam Month, and National Golf Month.
But if you ask Andy Hunter, manager of the Cache Valley Public Shooting Range, you'll get a different answer.
“August is the National Shooting Sports Month,” Hunter said. “This month we're really pushing gun safety, the shooting sports, nationwide.”
To celebrate, Utah's public shooting ranges are offering free and discounted shooting when you show the receipt for a firearm or bow purchased within 30 days of your visit. Shotgun shooters get half price, and everybody else gets a day of free shooting. You can also take advantage of the offer at the Lee Kay Public Shooting Range in Salt Lake City.
National Sports Shooting Month isn't the only reason for the event.
“Right now, there are more firearms being sold, bought, than any time in history,” he said. “It is huge.”
According to data collected as part of the National Firearms Act, there were more firearms registered last year than any year before. Hunter said some of these purchases are people who bought guns for self defense, and have never handled them before.
“We get a lot of people come in with a brand-new gun and just set it on the counter and say, ‘I just bought this. I need somebody to teach me how to use it,'” he said.
That's a big part of why Utah's shooting ranges are trying to make a difference.
“We've got volunteers that are out on the ranges whether it's a handgun range or a rifle range that are knowledgeable and can teach them,” he said. “It's part of getting all of these new shooters trained to where they're safe, so that we're all safe.”
Rulers exploit children to distract us
By Mark Luedtke
Everybody can rest easy. Stormy Daniels is heading to the Mexican border to solve the illegal immigrant children problem. You know, the problem created by President Bush the Younger and his Democrat Congress. The same problem that went quietly unnoticed during eight years of the Obama administration. Somehow Rachel Maddow refrained from shedding a single tear for the children during that time.
By the way, don't children routinely get separated from parents whenever the parents commit crimes? Nothing coercive government does is legitimate, but the closest to legitimate activity governments perform is protecting the people and their property including property paid for by taxpayers from foreign invaders. Western governments stink at it.
But suddenly all the news must be focused on children separated from their lawbreaking parents and fake pictures of other illegal immigrant children. This isn't an organic protest. It's being orchestrated and timed by George Soros and other rulers to distract us from something big. I doubt it's coincidence the distraction started immediately after the Bilderberg meeting in Italy.
Like a good magician, rulers want us focused on one thing while they're doing something else. I don't know what they're hiding, but here are some stories that might relate.
Populists won the recent election in Italy, and their new government threatens to withdraw from the European Union much like Great Britain did during Brexit. Italy is one of the PIIGS—Portugal, Italy, Ireland, Greece, and Spain—which we haven't heard much about recently, but their problems continue.
The New York Times reports, “However unlikely an Italian withdrawal from the eurozone may be, the mere prospect is more dangerous to the future of the European Union than the bailout of Greece, whose economy is dwarfed by Italy's; Britain's vote to leave the bloc; or the squabbles over the rule of law with Hungary and Poland.
“Italy is a founding member of both the European Union and the euro and the bloc's fourth-largest economy, and psychology counts.”
Italy isn't the only PIIGS with problems. The bubble has finally expanded far enough for Greece to be allowed out of its bailout program. That may sound good, but modest economic growth won't cure Greece's economic ills.
Marketwatch reports, “Greece should continue to grow, but upside appears limited due to unfortunate timing, with the recovery gaining traction just as a tailwind from global and, more important, eurozone growth appears to be fading, said Ebrahim Rahbari, head of global macroeconomics at Citigroup, in an interview on the sidelines of the forum. And now, instead of Greece's woes spreading fear, or ‘contagion,' to its fiscally strapped eurozone neighbors, there's the danger that any sustained turmoil in Italy could undercut Greece.”
The European economy is slowing despite continued zero percent interest rates. That's a big problem.
Back home US bond yields hit four year highs, significantly raising the cost of servicing US government debt.
Trump's trade war is causing problems. Zerohedge quotes a report from SGH Macro Advisors: “From what we understand, the Chinese government has halted its purchases of US Treasuries. Despite the direct encouragement, according to Chinese sources, by US Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin for China to ‘stay put,' Beijing has apparently discontinued purchases of US Treasuries ‘for the past few weeks.'”
That's not all. Chinese investment in the US has dropped 90 percent from 2017.
It's not just the economy that's scary. On the war front, the Israelis attacked a Syrian base near the border of Iraq, killing at least 52 fighters including Syrian troops and Iraqi militiamen. Philip Giraldi warns, “There have also been rumors in Washington that the Administration is preparing for something ‘big' in Syria, possibly related to warnings from the Pentagon that Syrian forces have been threatening the unilaterally declared ‘de-escalation zone' in the country's southeast. This suggests that the U.S. will block attempts by the government in Damascus to regain control of areas until recently dominated by terrorists.”
That's near the base attacked by the Israelis.
Or maybe this frenzy is just the opening act of major new leftist riots. Crazed leftists, redundant, I know, are harassing people who disagree with them. Tom Arnold and Peter Fonda threatened President Trump's twelve-year-old son. They call sleep deprivation torture, but leftists will deprive political opponents of sleep. While praising the #MeToo movement, leftists are physically and emotionally abusing women. They gleefully abuse critics and their children and will cheer if they drive them to suicide.
Kapil Sharma and his show are being targeted by the media ever since Kapil's fight with Sunil Grover. Even though Kapil had clarified the rumours surrounding him, it looks like the people are not done with it.
Recently, there were reports that Kapil made Daddy actor Arjun Rampal and his co-actor Aishwarya Rajesh wait on the sets. It was even said that he sent them back saying he was not feeling well and will not be able to shoot for the show!
But, Arjun Rampal clarified all the rumours with his tweet! He wrote, "GM,woke up smiling. Actually laughing guess it's the hangover from @KapilSharmaK9 and the fun we had shooting #kapilsharmashow #Daddy."
It is known to all that TKSS has been renewed and Kapil Sharma's film Firangi shooting has also been completed! Now, Kapil's complete focus is on TKSS and with his latest tweets, it looks like the actor is leaving no stones unturned to bring his show back to the top slot.
It has to be recalled that the show had suffered as a few shootings were cancelled due to Kapil's health. So, the cast has pulled up their socks now. The team had an early morning shoot today.
Kapil wrote, "@kikusharda Kiku bhai uth b gye ? Ok.. main aata hu fatafat so k .. uff .. back to back n rock to rock shoot ;)." Kiku replied, "😂😂😂aa jao ,,,,, shoot kya , hamein toh bas masti karni hai. Enjoy 😬."
The team is all set to rock! Well, let's wait for the TRP charts.
Common posted a video to Instagram early this morning showing a video where a police officer was trying to restrain a intoxicated and possibly drugged up individual. The officer shows compassion and sensitivity with this person which is what victims of police brutality and social injustice have been asking for.
You can watch the video of the incident above
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
What it's like to live in Shoreham-by-Sea
Getty Images/iStockphoto Ian Hamilton
Shoreham is growing in popularity as Brighton and Hove become ever more expensive. It offers a small town experience between the sea and beautiful Adur valley, as Duncan Hall discovers
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Getting there
Shoreham can be reached by the A27 which skirts the edge of the town. It is also on the south coast railway line which stretches from Brighton to Littlehampton, Portsmouth and Southampton. Southern Rail runs an average of six services every hour in each direction.
Shoreham is served by the Stagecoach Coastliner 700 service from Portsmouth to Brighton, Brighton and Hove Buses' number 2 service from Rottingdean to Steyning and Compass Travel's 19 from Shoreham Beach to the Holmbush Centre and 108 from Shoreham to Horsham. National Express's shuttles number 25 from London to Worthing and 26 from London to Bognor both take in Shoreham.
Brighton City Airport is mainly used by business, training and pleasure fliers.
History
Shoreham has been occupied over thousands of years, with the remains of Iron Age hill fort Thundersbarrow found to the north of the town. There was a large Roman villa at nearby Southwick, and an extensive Romano-British settlement north of Shoreham at Slonk Hill. Shoreham would have been one of the first targets of William the Conqueror owing to its natural harbour's position opposite Normandy.
In 1208 Shoreham was designated a royal port by King John. It provided more vessels for the siege of Calais in 1346 than London, Dover, Bristol or Southampton. King Charles II escaped the Civil War from the port in 1651.
Shoreham shipbuilders created vessels which sailed the world's trade routes. The harbour is still thriving and Shoreham airport is one of the oldest licensed commercial airfields in the country.
Shoreham Beach, which an Argus article from 2009 claimed as a future sandbank, was created by long shore drift in the 19th century. Between the 1870s and 1940 it was known as Bungalow Town owing to the number of makeshift homes established there. In the 1920s it was home to a nascent British film industry. Sealight Film Productions built a large glasshouse studio in 1916, near the former 19th century fort. The fort was part of a coast-wide fortification against a possible French invasion, but like many of the forts built at the time it was found to be unnecessary.
Annual festivals and events
South Coast Jazz Festival takes over the Ropetackle Arts Centre every January.
June is festival season, with the Adur Festival taking over the town and Wild Life, curated by Rudimental and Disclosure, at Brighton City Airport.
And there is Shoreham Riverfest in August, literary festival Shoreham Wordfest in October and the Shoreham Bonfire on the first Saturday after 5 November.
Amenities
Shoreham has its own community-run arts centre, the Ropetackle, which was named Entertainment Venue of the Year in the 2016 Celebration of Sussex Life Awards. A smaller community arts space is the West Street Loft, which hosts film screenings, fitness sessions and a Thursday night supper club.
Brighton City Airport is based in Shoreham. The Art Deco building has been used as a setting for movies Woman in Gold and The Da Vinci Code, as well as in the TV series Poirot and Tenko.
The monthly farmers' market in East Street takes place on the second Saturday of every month offering about 45 stalls. There is a Shoreham Artisans' Market on the fourth Saturday of every month.
The history of Shoreham is explored in the Grade II listed Marlipins Museum in High Street, which is run by the Sussex Archaeological Society.
The town centre has a small range of independent shops, small chain stores, cafés and restaurants. And there is a larger out-of-town shopping centre at Holmbush featuring branches of M&S, Tesco Extra and McDonald's. Southlands Hospital provides outpatient, diagnostic and day surgery services. Pond Road is home to Harbour View Healthcare – a merger of Adur Medical Group and Church View Surgery – and there is also Northbourne Medical Centre in Upper Shoreham Road.
Local churches include the Grade I listed 900-year-old St Mary de Haura, the even older St Nicolas Church which dates to before the Norman Conquest and the more recently built Church of the Good Shepherd in Shoreham Beach, which was dedicated in 1913.
Meet the neighbours
Chart-topping singer-songwriter Leo Sayer was brought up in Shoreham. Vlogger Marcus Butler was born in the town and now lives down the road in Brighton.
Council
Shoreham is under Adur and Worthing Council, which has a customer service base in the Shoreham Centre in Pond Road, and West Sussex County Council. The local Member of Parliament is the Conservative Tim Loughton, who is MP for East Worthing and Shoreham.
Estate agents view
Tom Middleton of Middleton Estates in High Street, Shoreham, has seen the growth of the town firsthand. “We took on a place this week for £625,000 which the lady bought for £500,000 12 months ago – and we have already had a lot of interest,” he says.
Shoreham Beach is still extremely popular – with 2009 comments in The Argus about it being the next Sandbanks perhaps not being quite so crazy as they might have seemed. “Anything with direct beach access from the back garden is going for big money,” he says. “People have been buying bungalows for £1m, knocking them down and building houses on there – we had one sold in the last 18 months for £2.7m.”
The town is benefitting from the turnaround in fortunes of Shoreham Academy, which received an outstanding Ofsted report. Lots of Hove families have been looking to move into the area.
And there is a lot of new building to come, with luxury flats around the Ropetackle, more than 100 luxury flats and restaurants on the former Parcel Force site in Brighton Road and work beginning to drain fields for affordable housing around Shoreham Airport.
“House prices have gone up for Shoreham so it makes sense for these projects to go ahead,” says Tom. “The challenge is the road infrastructure – with the increased traffic there will need to be investment.”
Visit www.middleton-estates.co.uk
More…
• Leon Towers and his canine care centre in Shoreham-by-Sea - Leon Towers has enjoyed a variety of careers, including children's TV presenter and foster carer. But his passion for care and rehabilitation led him to launch canine care centre House of Hugo in Shoreham-by-Sea, as he told Jenny Mark-Bell
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — At Monday's Greenville City Council working session the North Carolina Department of Transportation provided updates to several of its projects.
One of the biggest, and closest to completion, is the 10th Street connector.
The NCDOT said the project is 78 percent complete and they plan to have the bridge open in November.
The project will cost 59 million dollars when finished.
William Kincannon is the division construction engineer with the NCDOT and said one of the obstacles they are running into is unknown utilities.
“We continue to find old utilities that are problematic in trying to figure out what to do with them,” said Kincannon. “So, that kind of impacts the timeline.”
The NCDOT announced their plan for repaving city streets.
They are sent to spend more than nine million dollars on paving over the next three years.
Other projects highlighted include:
Evans Street/ Old Tar Road
37 million dollar total cost including Right of Way
Widening from Greenville Blvd. to Worthington Rd./Cooper St.
Currently 25 percent complete
Right of Way in 2018
Construction in 2020
NCDOT preparing to meet with the public and show current impacts
Will include bike and pedestrian features
Allen Road
25.4 million dollar total cost including Right of Way
Widening from Greenville Blvd. to Stantonsburg Road
Currently 65 percent complete
Right of Way in 2018
Construction in 2021
Next local officials and public meeting on March 29, 2018
Set to widen to the eastern side of the road. Maintains the current western edge
Dickenson Avenue construction sequence
Coordinate with 10th Street connector completion
Night work required for Memorial Drive to 14th Street set as current limits
Day work for a section from Reade Circle and 14th Street.
Charles Boulevard – NC 43
31 million dollar costs including Right of Way
Widening from Firetower Road to Worthington Road
Currently 15 percent complete
Right of Way set for 2020
Construction set for 2022
Local officials and public meeting early summer 2018
West 5th Street at Memorial Drive
1.5 million dollar costs with Right of Way
Upgrade current intersection adding a turn lane in the SW quadrant
Upgraded sidewalks
Construction November 2018
Southwest Bypass
200 million dollar cost including Right of Way
Currently 53 percent complete
Estimated open to traffic in November 2018
Stantonsburg & Memorial – changing traffic alignment in June 2018
Sidewalk and curb construction starting up again
Tar River Bridge
10 million dollar total costs with Right of Way
Bridge replacement of NB Bridge on US13 Memorial Boulevard
Currently 20 percent complete
Right of Way set for 2018
Construction set for 2020 after SW Bypass
On-site detour during construction, bridge reduced to two lanes
By Matt Citak
Considering how crazy the regular season was this year, it should come as no surprise that the first two rounds of the 2018 NCAA Tournament have been absolute chaos. Favorites have fallen, history has been made, and, oh yeah, we still have four more rounds to go.
Buckle up, ladies and gentlemen. With the way March Madness is going, we should be in for a wild finish.
UMBC becomes first 16 seed to win, beats UVA by 20
On Friday, the University of Maryland, Baltimore County made history. The UMBC Retrievers accomplished something that 135 previous 16 seeds in the 64-team era of the NCAA men's basketball tournament were unable to do — pull off a first round upset.
The University of Virginia entered the tournament as the No. 1 overall seed. Yet despite being the overwhelming favorite in this “David vs. Goliath” showdown, the Cavaliers failed to show up to their first-round matchup, falling to the Retrievers by whopping 20 points.
UMBC's cinderella run came to an end on Sunday, when No. 9 seed Kansas State pulled off the late victory over, 50-43. The Retrievers' magical run may have ended quickly, but the darlings out of the American East did more than enough to solidify their place in NCAA history.
UVA far from the only favorite taken down
While Virginia suffered the biggest upset, the Cavaliers weren't the only favorites taken down during the tournament's opening weekend. The madness began on Thursday, when No. 13 seed Buffalo opened their tournament play with a 21-point beatdown of Arizona, sending the NBA's likely No. 1 pick DeAndre Ayton home early. The craziness continued a few hours later, when Donte Ingram of No. 11 seed Loyola-Chicago hit a long three-pointer right before the final buzzer to beat No. 6 seed Miami and send his team into the Round of 32.
The upsets continued on Friday, when No. 11 seed Syracuse, the last team to make the tournament, defeated No. 6 seed TCU, while No. 13 seed Marshall took down No. 4 seed Wichita State. While the opening round produced some very surprising results, it was nothing compared to what we saw in the Round of 32.
Loyola-Chicago was the first big underdog to punch its ticket to the Sweet 16, when they defeated No. 3 seed Tennessee on Saturday, thanks to a Clayton Custer jumper with just 3.6 seconds remaining. The Ramblers were joined by the Syracuse Orange as the only double-digit seeds in the Sweet 16, after the Orange pulled off the first major upset of Sunday's games, beating No. 3 seed Michigan State, 55-53.
But the madness did not stop there. No. 7 seed Texas A&M destroyed No. 2 seed UNC by 21 points, No. 9 seed Florida State took down No. 1 seed Xavier 75-70, and No. 7 seed Nevada overcame a 22-point second-half deficit to defeat No. 2 seed Cincinnati, 75-73.
Unlike other No. 1 seeds, Villanova playing like top team
Virginia and Xavier are out, while Kansas snuck by No. 8 seed Seton Hall, winning by just four points on Saturday. But unlike the rest of the pack, Villanova is playing up to its No. 1 seed.
The Wildcats began their tournament play with an easy 26-point victory over Radford. Jay Wright's squad faced a pesky Alabama team in the Round of 32, and at halftime, it appeared as if the No. 9 seed had a chance to upset Villanova. But a 22-point second half from junior guard Mikal Bridges put those thoughts to rest, as the Wildcats pulled away to win by 23.
With one of the country's most efficient offenses, it was not surprising to see Villanova score at ease against Radford and Alabama. But the Wildcats' defense has also looked great in the first two rounds, and that should worry the other 15 remaining schools. Going up against a very talented West Virginia team in the Sweet 16, Villanova will face its toughest matchup yet on Friday.
South Region without top-4 seed in Sweet 16 for first time ever
The best way to understand just how crazy this year's NCAA Tournament has been so far is to look at the bracket's South Region. For the first time in NCAA history, no top-four seed in the South Region has made it to the second weekend, as No. 1 seed Virginia, No. 2 Cincinnati, No. 3 seed Tennessee, and No. 4 seed Arizona all found themselves on the wrong side of an upset.
The four teams to make it to the Sweet 16 out of the South are likely not the schools you may have expected. No. 5 seed Kentucky is the highest seed remaining, followed by No. 7 seed Nevada, No. 9 seed Kansas State, and No. 11 seed Loyola-Chicago.
John Calipari, who helped lead Kentucky on a late-season winning streak to take home the SEC Tournament championship, has to like his team's chances moving forward. The only obstacles between the Wildcats and yet another Final Four appearance are Thursday's matchup against Kansas State and, if they emerge victorious from that, an Elite Eight contests against the winner of Nevada-Loyola-Chicago. As we have seen many times before, the key to winning is getting hot at the right time. And few teams are playing better than the Wildcats right now.
Duke is ACC's last best hope for a title
The Atlantic Coast Conference entered the Round of 64 with several legitimate contenders to emerge as national champions. But following four days of pure chaos, the ACC is left with just one good chance at a national championship — the Duke Blue Devils.
The Blue Devils have absolutely dominated their first two games, beating Iona by 22 before dismantling Rhode Island by 25. They are averaging 88 points in their first two games, while holding both of their opponents to under one point per possession.
The ACC has four of the 16 teams left, but Duke provides the conference with their best hope for a title. The Blue Devils take on Syracuse on Friday, guaranteeing at least one ACC team in the Elite 8. Florida State has a tough matchup against No. 4 seed Gonzaga on Thursday, while Clemson will have to battle it out against No. 1 seed Kansas on Friday.
Duke has the best chance to win it all of the remaining ACC teams. But if this tournament has taught us anything, it's that any team is capable of pulling out a W, no matter how big of an upset it seems.
Want to dominate this March? Join SportsLine now to get picks for every postseason college basketball game from the model that went 27-5 in the first round last year and has accurately predicted nine of the 12 double-digit seed upsets the last two years!
Matt Citak is a contributor for CBS Local Sports and a proud Vanderbilt alum. Follow him on Twitter.
The 2018 Lucas Oil Pro Motocross Championship, sanctioned by AMA Pro Racing, is now just 26 days away! The 50th Annual Hangtown Classic, just outside of Sacramento, California, will go off the starting gate on May 19.
Five years ago, on the eve of the 2013 outdoor season, the editors and contributors of Racer X Online did countdown of the 30 Greatest AMA Motocrossers of all time, ranking the best riders on the AMA Motocross circuit. You can check out that list right here.
But now we're five years past that list, and in anticipation of a brand-new season of racing, we decided to revisit and update that list, adding in the results and championships accumulated in the past five years to our existing results, which go back to 1972. Our rankings include a mix of championships, race wins, and podiums; a rider's efficiency and longevity; the competition they raced against; and, of course, pure talent and speed. Remember, these rankings are based on the AMA Motocross Nationals—international events like the Motocross of Nations and Grand Prix events here and abroad will not be factored into our tally.
You have to be pretty special to make this list as an active racer (although Reed hasn't raced Lucas Oil Pro Motocross since 2105) with only one AMA Motocross title, as there have been so many incredible motocross racers over the years who have managed to win one title or more. But Australian's favorite moto son Chad Reed was never in doubt, he was going to make the list; it was just a matter of where.
In an interesting contrast, yesterday's #27, Brad Lackey, only logged one real season in the U.S. before leaving for Europe to chase his fortunes in the GPs. Reed did the opposite, spending one season in Europe racing the GPs (he finished a strong second in the 250 GPs to Mikael Pichon) before moving to chase his fortunes here. Despite Reed using up a year of his prime in the GPs (which don't count for this countdown) and also electing to not race the Nationals for a few years, we put Reed at #26 for what he's done. Chad's never been as good outdoors as he's been indoors (he was our number six on our all-time supercross list), but that's only because his star is so bright under the lights that we sometimes forget just how fast he is under the sun.
Willo Flood has called on every Dundee United player to use the feeling of despair at the end of Saturday's horror show at Falkirk to make sure such a performance never happens again.
Flood skippered United in what was their worst display of the season and admits he can't recall feeling so low at the end of a game.
But there is no hint of the Irishman feeling sorry for himself. He knows he and his team-mates only had themselves to blame.
Experienced enough to realise every team gets beat from time to time, he also accepts there's a way to lose — and that wasn't it.
That why he takes the criticism that came the Tangerines' way as they were booed off at the final whistle at the Falkirk Stadium.
“We let ourselves down,” was his frank assessment.
“I'm not pointing fingers at other people because I was poor and I let my team-mates down.
“It's the most embarrassed I've ever felt in a game, or it's certainly right up there. It was so unlike us but it happened and we have to make sure it doesn't again.
“We've got to remember that feeling. This has got to drive us on. Fans will forgive you for losing but there was a severe lack of effort on Saturday and that can't be.
“We never gave ourselves a chance. We gave away a silly goal very early and then we gave away another bad goal early in the second half.
“That second one was my fault to be fair. I shouldn't have got ahead of the ball but I took a chance their boy was going to chest the ball but he turned and I blame myself for that.
“We let everyone down with the performance. Right through the whole team we did not play well enough and we know that. We got exactly what we deserved from that game, which was nothing.”
The result has given Hibs a chance to extend their lead at the top of the Championship to nine points when they face struggling Raith Rovers at Easter Road on Saturday and United are involved in Challenge Cup business at Queen of the South.
The feeling in the Tannadice dressing-room remains that the Hibees can be caught but Flood knows it won't happen if there are other displays like the weekend.
“We can't afford to be playing like that, especially at this time of the season.
“You don't mind losing or drawing when at least you've had a go.
“We drew at Dunfermline the other week and it was disappointing but at least you could see we were progressing and we had a real go to win. Saturday was a very big disappointment in terms of where we want to be
“There was nothing. We did not lay a glove on them. We didn't even make passes and we didn't tackle or work hard enough to help each other out and that can be the case.
“There was no togetherness out on that pitch. That's not acceptable.”
He's at a loss to explain why a team that, whatever the result, has come to be known for giving their all, should have been so inept.
His main concern now, though, is to make sure there are no repeats.
“I don't know what it was. The goals early in each half dented our confidence and we are a little bit fragile at the moment but we need to be men and we need to grow up.
“We need to get this club back where it belongs but we won't with performances like that and every one of us will be lucky to be still in football if we play like that again.”
Marty of charity and "fool of love for the Immaculate," St. Maximilian exemplified priestly imitation of Christ, and in the midst of the Auschwitz death camp, shone with the light of Christ for the world, uplifting all, even the Nazi guards. With merit, Pope St. John Paul II called him "the patron of our difficult century."Ave Maria!Mass: St. Maximilian Mary Kolbe - MemTo learn more about St. Maximilian M. Kolbe, visit our web site: saintmaximiliankolbe.comCf. Pope St. John Paul II, Homily, Auschwitz-Bierkenau, 7 June 1979 (http://w2.vatican.va/content/john-paul-ii/en/homilies/1979/documents/hf_jp-ii_hom_19790607_polonia-brzezinka.html)See also " Kolbe Live – 'Difficult Times' " by Fr. A. Bruno (https://saintmaximiliankolbe.com/kolbe-live-difficult-times/)
Series on Airmaria Select Category Air Maria Series (9,538) Homily (5,553) Specials (111) St. Mary's, Baltic, CT (180) Mt. St. Francis (197) Griswold, CT (2,147) Perth, Australia (83) Shrine, La Crosse, WI (78) Lanherne Friars (46) Stoke-on-Trent, UK (29) Bloomington, IN (1,161) On The Road (5) St Johns, Bloomington (61) New Bedford, MA (541) Promo (14) Face of Pro-Life (156) Special Event (71) Immaculate Music (53) News (816) Fi News (384) AirMaria Updates (60) World Review (2) Roving Reporter (133) Vatican (21) Rome Reports (27) No Apologies (122) 10 Most Popular (16) Book Log (15) Variety (293) Ave Maria Meditations (1,267) Marycast (407) Marycast Specials (221) 5th Marian Dogma for Beginners (11) Historical Highpoints of Mary Coredemptrix (16) Our Lady of All Nations (26) Our Lady of Akita (5) OLO America (8) OLO Lipa (5) Queen of Angels (3) Vatican Council II (12) From the Web (312) Friar Tech (10) Mission Down Under (214) Live Events (17) Live Archive (4) Conferences (344) Behold Your Mother Conference (12) Amsterdam 2008 (18) Mariae Advocatae Causa (5) Relevance of Marian Coredemption (6) Our Lady of All Nations 2008 (7) Scotus Mariology, Durham 2008 (13) Coredm Greenwood 2007 (0) Coredm La Crosse 2009 (8) Coredm La Crosse 2010 (8) Newman-Scotus DC 2010 (17) OLO All Nations LI 2011 (3) Card Arinze RI 2011 (0) Courage Chicago 2011 (8) Queen of the Americas 2011 (1) Canon Law La Crosse 2011 (0) Ct Birthright 2010 (2) Short Conferences (2) Coredm La Crosse 2011 (6) Courage Emmitsburg 2012 (9) Courage Syracuse 2012 (0) Courage Chicago 2013 (10) Courage Philly 2014 (11) Courage Chicago 2015 (16) Priests Retreat 2015 (13) Fr Peter Symposium ND (13) Random Conferences (12) Priests Retreat 2012 (8) A Year of Faith in Mary (3) MIM Retreat 2012 (4) Conference for Mothers (3) 2nd Mens Leadership Conference (12) Heroic Virtue Conference (4) Lent 2016 Fr. Hollowell (3) Confidence in God (8) Penance Fr. Ignatius 2016 (0) Notre Dame MI 2016 (0) Spring 2016 Marian Day (3) Fr. Casey – Mercy, Jesus' Own Words (4) 8 Day Ignatian Retreat (25) Priests Retreat 2016 (3) Life Teen Leadership Retreat (1) Fatima Campbell 2017 (6) Catholic Schoolhouse 2017 (4) SPSE Retreat 2017 (5) Marian Shrines of the World (25) Fatima Reflections (7) A Day With Mary (200) Australia (63) UK (31) USA (3) FI Missions (8) Tour of the Catechism (80) Mariology for Everyone (40) Mary Now (54) Fatima 100 Years (0) Fatima Minute (8)
PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) – A 27-year-old woman faces a federal charge of attempted sex trafficking of a child after the FBI interviewed an Eugene man in a child pornography investigation.
Kelsey Christine Wheeler was arrested Friday by the FBI and is likely to make her first appearance in federal court in Portland Monday.
The FBI interviewed the man at his Eugene home on April 13. He told agents he responded to a sex ad online and met with a woman in January, then reportedly went from Eugene to Portland on a Monday night, documents show.
Using an alias, Wheeler told the man she could arrange an “encounter” between him and a 3-year-old who is known to her, the man told the FBI.
Last Friday, the FBI and Portland police got hold of Wheeler to check on the child. Documents showed she admitted using the alias the man said she used and that she'd been a prostitute off-and-on since she was 15.
Wheeler also said the man wanted a “mother-daughter” sexual experience and offered to pay $6,000, documents showed.
Investigators found a Child Protectives Services report from Nevada that included a caller who said Wheeler was found in an apartment bedroom with another man and a child, all who were wearing minimal clothing.
Wheeler disputed that Nevada report and said someone was just being vengeful. When she was shown the evidence, documents revealed, Wheeler said it looked “very bad” for her.
Investigators also searched the Eugene man's phone and found a number associated with Wheeler.
At this time, there is no record of the man from Eugene being arrested.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
TORONTO — A man is dead following a late-night shooting in one of Toronto's busiest intersections.
Police say a man was shot at around 11 p.m. at Yonge-Dundas Square in the heart of downtown.
The man believed to be in his 20s was rushed to a nearby trauma centre in critical condition.
Homicide Det. Stephen Henkel says he died of his injuries in hospital.
Khloé Kardashian is back in Los Angeles and wasting no time getting together with her sisters to lounge in the sun. First up? Kendall Jenner, who took a sly shot of the new mom as she reclined by pool and checked her phone. (Related: I am not jealous of much about the Kardashians, but their access to nice-ass pools has me crying into my Corn Flakes. I have access to approximately zero pools, and it's not right!!!)
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Anyway, here's the pic — and as you'll notice, Khloé post bb body is looking TOIGHT. (Although it should be noted that all post bb bodies because damn, women are so impressive! We grow human beings INSIDE OF US. We are amazing.)
Instagram
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Upon seeing the photo, a Twitter user reached out to tell Koko that she's lookin' good, and the reality star wrote back: "And I'm just seeing that Kendall posted a video of me in a bikini... Thank God she knows her angles LOL cuz I do not look like I did in that video LOL laying down is a game changer. I had an hour to hang with Kenny while True was napping."
And I'm just seeing that Kendall posted a video of me in a bikini… Thank God she knows her angles LOL cuz I do not look like I did in that video LOL laying down is a game changer. I had an hour to hang with Kenny while True was napping. — Khloé (@khloekardashian) July 3, 2018
So, there's that! Khloé says the photo doesn't look like her, but it probably does, and who cares if it doesn't, because yeah. Who cares?! She just GAVE BIRTH to a BABY she GREW INSIDE OF HER. Let's all just take a moment to marvel at the wonder of women.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The Clarks Green United Methodist Church, 119 Glenburn Road, will hold its 39th annual ‘Feast of the Chicken BBQ' Saturday, June 2 from noon to 6 p.m. Tickets are $10 for adults and $5 for children 12 and under. Guests may eat in or take out. Tickets are available at the door or in advance. Proceeds support programing and operational expenses of the church. Michael Pacyna is the chairman of the event. From left, first row: John Crounse, Pacyna, Pastor John Bondhus, Warren Watkins, Jim Corselius and Jim Davis. Second row: Mark Purcell and Pat Kinney.
Bella & Vishaka's Naagin Roop
Surbhi Jyoti, who has nearly two millions followers on Instagram, has always managed to receive appreciation from her fans' end. For her goofy picture with Anita, fans commented, " Hello GORGEOUS !😍😍😍 surbhhiiii i cant even breath ! ....... you look on fire. you are so damn stunning and very tempting ......the most beautiful cutest and hottest Naagrani. i love yous so much my best actress and my dream girl @surbhijyoti you are a deadly combo of cuteness and hotness !💥.......have fun Bae"- (sic)
Gorgeous In Ethnic
Just a few hours since after Surbhi shared her picture with Anita, she posted another picture where she's seen gracefully posing in a saree. She can pull off any look, can't you see? She captioned her image using a Tom Robbins quote. Which read, "That's why poets are so important. They remember our dreams for us."-(sic)
She's A Friends Fan
The actress expressed her love for the show Friends by captioning her image as, "How are you doing ...?"-(sic). Any Friends fan would know its Joey's signature dialogue from the show. Surbhi, who looks poised in the picture, is seen in a modern avatar.
The Naagins Can Pout
Who said pouts are a western thing? The Naagin 3 actresses proved it wrong by sharing this image with fans in which the duo can be seen pouting in a sensual manner while clad in their characters attire. One of the fans called Surbhi the most beautiful. The comment read, "pspoors17mop12345678 Surbhi you are the most beautiful lady in the world"-(sic)
Hot Little Black Dress
When Surbhi posted the picture, she was asked by fans why she wouldn't try her luck in Bollywood. Also, one of the fans went ahead to say she's better than many Bollywood actresses. "Ua still better then sonam kapoor but why dont u try in bolly?? Still u cry better then aksara from star plus.chopping onion with naked vision n watching ua acts freaks everyone tears same."-(sic)
When Daddy Turns Stuffed Toy!
In a picture that Shabir shared, his elder son is seen stuffing cake into daddy's mouth. The actor shared the adorable moment with fans and captioned it as, "Time to be a stuffed toy . #theadventuresofAI #sundayfun"-(sic)
Family Time In Kerala?
In another pic, Shabir is seen posing with his beloved wife and two sons on a boat while bamboo rafting. Though the actor hasn't mentioned the location, seems like it was taken on the backwaters of beautiful Kerala. He put up a cute caption saying, "Row row row your boat ..... #lifeisbutadream #bamboorafting #backwaters #weekendvibes #lovingit #theadventuresofAI @kanchikaul"- (sic)
Loving Father & Adorable Kids
This picture speaks a lot about Shabir's loving father qualities. The fans couldn't contain their happiness while witnessing such a cute moment. He captioned the image as, "#localtransport #backwaters #theadventuresofAI #love"- (sic)
Wife & He
Shabir Ahluwalia and Kanchi Kaul tied the knot in 2011 and have become one of the cutest couples of television realm. At multiple occasion the duo is seen expressing love for each other. Shabir and Kanchi do set marriage goals, don't they?
The Official Family Shoot
This picture of Shabbir's family is worth a thousand words. The candid and beautiful picture received immense appreciation by fans when the actor shared it on his Instagram handle. He simply captioned the picture with four hearts. Each heart representing one family member? The actor seems to have fans all around the world as one of the comments said, "PLEASE @shabirahluwalia @itisriti come to Turkey 🙏 There are many fans in Turkey who want to meet u both PLEASE! COME HERE AND LOVE YOU!"- (sic)
Singer Frank Ocean's Mom, Katonya Breaux was recently celebrated for her success with her product line for black skin care. Unsun Cosmetics was created by the savvy businesswoman back in 2014. Since the product line has been launched, it has been picked up by Dermstore, which is the second-largest online store in the country. Katonya was recently interviewed by Nylon to talk about the new success of the product and being mom to one of most creative singers on the scene.
Beauty and brains 📚#UNSUNcosmetics A post shared by Unsun Cosmetics (@unsuncosmetics) on Feb 8, 2017 at 6:20pm PST
After leaving her construction company a few years ago, Katonya was searching to do something different. At the same time, she was searching for a sunscreen that didn't leave that annoying film on her face and contained natural products. After conversating with a friend who had a lab and owned his own hair care line, her own product, Unsun was born. Katonya is super excited about the take-off of Unsun. It's showing the support that black owned businesses need and deserves. She tells Nylon, “I love it when we do something for us, and it works and it's needed.”
@Katonya1 on Making FUBU Sunscreen And Raising Black Sons in America is now up on @nylonmag. Click the link in our bio for the full read. 🔝 A post shared by Unsun Cosmetics (@unsuncosmetics) on Feb 10, 2017 at 11:17am PST
Unsun is an SPF based brand that has been on Katonya's mind for over 20 years. The product is the result of Katonya's search for real skin care in regards to her own encounter with sun damage. She tried some over the counter products and nothing seemed to work and only left her with irritated skin. That's why Unsun is water based, mineral tinted and contains tons of other natural-based ingredients.
To learn more about this great product, visit the Unsun Cosmetics website.
DON'T MISS:
The Black, All Female Gift Guide That You Need To Shop Now
We're Not Immune: The Dangers For Black Women Who Don't Use Sunscreen
Frank Ocean Drops Much Anticipated Album ‘Blond'
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
He has a new face, one that had belonged to another man
7:23
PARIS (AP) — Rattling through the first two rounds of the French Open without losing a set leaves more time for PlayStation for Naomi Osaka.
And should the next big thing in Japanese tennis turn up late for her next match, it could well be because she lost track of time plugged into her console. Who needs the sights of Paris when you have “The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim” to distract you? (“It's OK you don't know it,” she kindly told a middle-aged journalist).
“It's sort of consumed my time a little bit,” the 20-year-old Osaka said Wednesday after reaching the third round at Roland Garros. “Literally, if I have 30 minutes then I'll just sit there and I might be a little bit late. Like I'll spend 35 minutes and then I'm like, ‘Oh my God, it's 30 minutes past,' and then I have to rush out the door. So if I'm ever late to anything, you know why.”
The French Open marks the first time Osaka has been seeded at a major (at No. 21). That billing and her debut title on tour earlier this year, when she tore through a high-powered field to win at Indian Wells, mark out Japan's top-ranked woman as a player to watch in this first week when many struggle to find their feet on the red clay of Paris but others make it their home.
Osaka, who also reached the third round at her first French Open in 2016 only to lose to a qualifier in straight sets in the first round last year, said she is concentrating less on the surface than on trying to win her first Grand Slam.
“In my mind, it's not really clay,” she said. “I just focus more on the tennis part, rather than making up excuses of what the surface is and how my play style isn't suited for it.”
Osaka's third-round opponent is Madison Keys, an American seeded 13th. Keys beat Osaka in both of their previous matches. If Osaka has her way, next time will not only produce a different outcome but be quick, too — because she hopes to spend as little time as possible on the tournament grounds.
“I'm only here if I have to be, to be honest,” she said. “When I was younger I used to love walking around and just experiencing the atmosphere. But now, like, I just sort of think of this as my job. So it's like clocking in and clocking out.”
Those she beat on her way to the Indian Wells title in March included five-time major winner Maria Sharapova and top-ranked Simona Halep. At her next tournament, in Miami, she then overpowered Serena Williams, her tennis idol in childhood, 6-3, 6-2 in the first round.
She started traveling with her games console from that point on.
“Sometimes I'm really bored in my room and I feel like I really want to play,” she said. “That's why I started bringing it.”
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Canadian Press
VANCOUVER -- A sometimes bruising leadership campaign ends today in Vancouver for British Columbia's Liberals as they elect a new leader who will be tasked with returning the party to power after a 16 year term in office that ended last summer.
An estimated 60,000 party members were eligible to vote online and by phone to replace Christy Clark, who resigned after the New Democrats formed a minority government with the support of the Green party following a non-confidence vote that brought down the Liberals.
The field of six candidates includes three veterans with deep cabinet experience, two former big city mayors and a first-time member of the legislature from Metro Vancouver.
Mike de Jong, Andrew Wilkinson and Todd Stone were longtime members of Clark's cabinet.
Sam Sullivan, a former Vancouver mayor, was appointed to cabinet in the dying days of Clark's government last summer.
The field also includes Michael Lee, a Vancouver lawyer who was elected to the legislature last spring, and Dianne Watts, a former Conservative MP and one-time mayor of Surrey.
The B.C. Liberal Party is not affiliated with the federal Liberals. It describes itself as "a made-in-B.C. free enterprise coalition" that includes members of the federal Conservative and Liberal parties.
Getting the party back to power after a lacklustre election campaign last May has been a focus of the leadership campaign.
There has been finger-pointing in debates over who was to blame for the Liberal downfall, despite B.C. boasting the strongest economy in Canada.
Some candidates criticized the party's old guard for failing to address transportation, housing and social policy issues that led to losses in seat-rich Metro Vancouver, once a Liberal stronghold.
De Jong, the former finance minister, set himself apart from the field, defending the Liberal record as he took heat for his tight-fisted control of the province's purse strings that meant programs aimed at easing financial pressures for people never made it off the drawing board.
Stone, his former cabinet colleague, acknowledged the Liberals were strong economic managers as he argued the party could have done a better job of sharing the wealth, including raising welfare rates.
NEW HAVEN, Ind. (WANE) – A New Haven family wants justice.
They said their son was brutally beaten and they're calling it a hate crime. The situation has the New Haven police chief defending his department, saying there's a lot of false information swirling around social media.
The family said they weren't taken seriously and this beating could have been prevented. The police said they'll prove they did take it seriously.
On June 6, three boys beat Jason Gardner near a creek and left him nearly unconscious by the time police arrived. He said he's still feeling a lot of pain from the incident.
“They said, ‘You need to get out. Your mom, you and your family don't belong here. Go back to Africa where you belong,' and they just kept hitting me.”
It was those words that lead Gardner's family to claim he was the victim of a hate crime.
They've contacted Larry Gist, the president of the local NAACP chapter. Since Indiana doesn't have hate crime laws, he's contacted the U.S. Department of Justice. Gist said teenagers fight every day, but this was clearly different. “At this level, when they beat this boy left him for dead, what else would you call it?”
The Gardners said this all started months ago over a girl. Jason's mother, La'Keysha, said she contacted the police multiple times.
“I don't feel like my family is good enough to be served and protected anymore and I can't tell you why that is. Why couldn't this have been avoided? If my children are out here doing bad things, I'm almost absolutely sure that they'll get in trouble for it, so why have we shown proof – not hearsay but proof – of what's been going on threats against his life and nothing happened?”
New Haven Police Chief Henry McKinnon disputed all of Gardner's claims and even said he would be willing to release police tapes after the investigation is over to show his department isn't in the wrong. He was concerned about the department's reputation when he said he knows his team well. When we told him people were calling them racist he said, “Absolutely not. One-hundred percent not.”
There was also talk about a rope and Gardner having rope burns around his neck. He said he felt like the boys were going to hang him. McKinnon said the rope has been at the creek for years and people use it to pull themselves up out of the creek.
McKinnon said the investigation is open and they're close to one arrest and confident in the other two.
But for the Gardners it's too little too late. “I think that the police isn't doing their job,” Jason said.
Gardner said she doesn't want anyone else to get hurt.
“I want to spread the word that everybody has rights and we are all equal no matter what skin color we are we all deserve to be protected by the people who are paid to do it. There was such an outpouring of love and support from so many people. I am encouraging everybody, anybody who sees this story, to use peace as your weapon. Use peace and love as your weapon.”
McKinnon said he doesn't want the public to think they are looking into this because of the social media attention. He said they have been working on arrests since the assault.
“We're already prepared to to request charges from the prosecutor's office, that hasn't changed, we're just gathering more information of that and we're now looking at the other two.”
Berlin: Borussia Dortmund will close their iconic south stand for this weekend's home Bundesliga match, having on Monday accepted the German FA's sanctions after hooligans attacked visiting fans a week ago.
The south stand, known as the ‘Gelbe Wand' (Yellow Wall), holds 25,000 supporters at Borussia's 80,000-capacity Signal Iduna Park stadium and will be closed for Saturday's home league match against Wolfsburg.
Dortmund had until noon on Monday to accept the punishment handed out by the German Football Association (DFB) last Friday to close the stand and fine the club 100,000 euros (Dh390,477).
“After weighing up the arguments, Borussia Dortmund has decided to accept the DFB's penalty and the drastic punishment of closing the entire south stand for the Wolfsburg match,” said Borussia in a statement.
“We are also currently preparing measures and sanctions against the perpetrators as a consequence of the incidents and will present the results in the coming weeks.”
The heavy sanction has been handed out after hooligans threw stones and bottles at visiting RB Leipzig fans, including families with children, before a Bundesliga match on February 4.
Police made 28 arrests, four officers were injured and 10 Leipzig supporters were hospitalised for treatment due to the violence before kick-off.
During the game, some 60 banners bearing anti-RB Leipzig slogans, many of which were offensive, were held up by Dortmund fans in the south stand.
Dortmund bosses have apologised to their RB Leipzig counterparts.
— AFP
Ireland police scandal throws prime minister Enda Kenny into crisis
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The Washington Post released an article discussing the making of the Marion Barry statue that will be unveiled on Saturday, March 3rd. The article centers around Barry's wife, Cora Masters Barry and her first meeting with artist Steven Weitzman. While Barry admitted that Weitzman's statue “was better than the others,” she was troubled that an African-American sculptor did not get the chance to create the legendary statue.
Weitzman was tapped to create the Frederick Douglass statue the Capitol Visitor Center's Emancipation Hall and went on to show Mrs. Barry a number of busts of African-American at his Maryland studio and the rest is history, in a literal sense.
The finished statue has been kept a secret but reportedly will show Barry waving to the people of the district. Weitzman tells the Post “I wanted to capture the accessibility.” “This is a man who dedicated his whole life to try to bring up and give opportunities to those who have been traditionally kept down in our society.”
You can read more about this story at the Washington Post.
Also Read: October 23 Declared Marion Barry Day at Radio One DC
Heavy lifting specialist ALE has started loading out transition pieces for Orsted's 1.2GW Hornsea 1 offshore wind farm using a new barge.
The Sarah S barge will be used to transport 86 TP's made at EEW OSB's Haverton Hill production yard.
It will also carry a further 20 Steelwind Nordenham-rolled units which are being completed at Wilton Engineering's neighbouring yard.
The TPs will be floated down the River Tees to meet directly with GeoSea jack-up Innovation and A2Sea vessel Sea Installer – both of which are installing foundations off the Yorkshire coast.
ALE has been contracted to provide offshore engineering, as well as marine transportation, sea-fastening, load-out and ballasting for the transition pieces.
It said the Sarah S is about three metres narrower than most North Sea barges allowing it to fit between the quayside and the installation vessel.
ALE marine commercial manager Steve Small said: “This project demonstrates our ability to offer the full, specialist marine scope of work. From utilising our internal expertise and engineering unique solutions, to offering an extensive fleet and operative skills, we can manage the complete project.”
Image: ALE
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The country's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) plans to add another 7.5 lakh units manufacturing capacity from three production lines in Gujarat plant by 2020, taking the total capacity to over 22.5 lakh units a year, a top company official said.
The company, which already has a market share of over 50 per cent in the domestic passenger vehicle segment, is also initiating process to study ways to further expand production capacity beyond 22.5 lakh units per annum after 2020.
The first assembly line of Suzuki-owned Hansalpur (Gujarat) plant has already started rolling out products. It has a production capacity of 2.5 lakh units per annum.
The second production line with similar 2.5 lakh production capacity, is expected to be complete by this year-end, MSI Managing Director and CEO Kenichi Ayukawa said.
After that we are planning a third factory. Maybe it is coming around 2020, he added. Ayukawa said the company plans to have around 5,000-6,000 workforce at three units.
He was speaking on the sidelines of the passing out of the first batch of Japan-India Institute for Manufacturing (JIM) at Ganpat Vidyanagar, Mehsana. MSI already has a production capacity of 15 lakh units per annum across its two plants at Gurgaon and Manesar.
“First we will try 20 lakh total sales, including exports. After that we will target 20 lakh unit sales in the domestic market only,” Ayukawa said elaborating on the 2020 sales plan. On capacity expansion beyond 2020, he added: “I believe 22.5 lakh capacity could be enough but after 2020 and 2021 how we are going to manage our business expansion that we have to start a study for a long term plan”.
Over 250 students today passed out of Japan-India Institute for Manufacturing (JIM) at Ganpat Vidyanagar, Mehsana. The institute is part of Maruti Suzuki's corporate social responsibility initiatives for skill development. JIM is a result of the collaboration between India and Japan to create a pool of 30,000 skilled manpower for manufacturing in India. MSI has invested over Rs 6 crore in setting up and running the JIM.
“Blessed by the Prime Ministers of India and Japan, JIM at Mehsana is a step to equip youngsters in Gujarat with skills that are directly connected with the growing manufacturing industry,” Ayukawa said.
The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), an independent federal agency tasked with enforcing federal anti-discrimination law, issued a finding in favor of Jessica Robison, a transgender woman who says she was denied employment opportunities and access to health care while working for Sam's Club, a subsidiary of Walmart.
Shoppers leave a Sam's Club store on January 12, 2010 in Rolling Meadows, Illinois. Scott Olson / Getty Images
The EEOC's letter of determination states that Sam's Club violated Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. “There is reasonable cause to believe [Sam's Club] discriminated against [Jessica Robison] due to her sex (transgender status/gender identity) and retaliated against [Robinson] for engaging in protected activity, by subjecting her to harassment, adverse terms and conditions of employment, discipline, a forced demotion and hostile working environment, in violation of Title VII,” the letter states.
Further, the letter maintains Robison was denied medical coverage because she is transgender, and that Walmart's health care policy “categorically excluded coverage of any services for ‘transgender treatment/sex therapy,' denying [Robison] medically necessary care that would have been covered if not for her transgender status.”
According to the letter, Walmart has since removed this exclusionary provision as of January 1, 2017.
A "Very Positive Development"
Jillian Weiss, executive director of the Transgender Legal Defense and Education Fund (TLDEF), which provided legal support to Robison, called the EEOC's decision a “very, very positive development.”
"[This] means the U.S. government recognizes that transgender people are human beings entitled to civil rights, and discrimination against transgender people will not be tolerated," Weiss said.
Weiss noted that Walmart received a perfect score this year on the Human Rights Campaign's Corporate Equality Index, which rates company based on their policies and practices regarding their LGBTQ employees. However, she said, the EEOC's finding indicates their “policies don't reach the shop floor."
Weiss said the next step with Sam's Club is a process of conciliation where the parties attempt to reach an agreement. If that fails, Weiss said TLDEF would take the issue to court.
EEOC "Reaffirms" Its Position
Anthony Kreis, a professor at Chicago-Kent College of Law, said he expects Walmart to comply in the conciliation process rather than contest the EEOC's finding.
"[From] a pure business model perspective ... it' better for them to remedy the discrimination than take the hit on their brand," he said, noting in late 2016 Walmart settled a case of discrimination against lesbian and gay employees after denying their partners access to health coverage.
More broadly, Kreis said, the EEOC's decision “reaffirms" its position that "gender identity discrimination is a form of sex discrimination."
“The EEOC has been very strong on this particular issue and reinforcing that position,” he added.
The Meaning of 'Sex'
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 "prohibits employment discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex and national origin." The question of whether the word "sex" applies to gender identity and sexual orientation has been making its way through the court system.
Recently, the EEOC submitted a brief in a case before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit arguing in favor of an expansive understanding of Title VII's prohibition of sex discrimination to encompass sexual orientation. The Department of Justice also submitted a brief in the case, Zarda v. Altitude Express, but to argue the contrary — "that Title VII does not reach discrimination based on sexual orientation."
In April, the Seven Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in favor of educator Kimberly Hively, arguing that her employment termination due to her sexual orientation is in fact covered by Title VII protections. The Eleventh Circuit, by contrast, failed to reconsider the case of another woman, Jameka Evans, who also alleges employment discrimination on the basis of her sexuality and gender non-conformity. Lambda Legal is challenging this ruling, and it may be headed for the Supreme Court.
Related: Supreme Court Decisions Affect LGBTQ Social Acceptance, Research Finds
According to Kreis, a case such as Robison's — where Title VII is invoked to protect against gender identity discrimination — is less contentious legally than the Second and Eleventh Circuit cases, where coverage of sexual orientation is at issue.
“In terms of Title VII, gender-nonconformity claims have been recognized since 1989, and while not initially applied to transgender persons, the courts pretty rapidly recognized that transgender people have the right to action under Title VII and the courts have been consistent on this point," Kreis explained.
In terms of the legal significance of the EEOC's finding against Walmart subsidiary Sam's Club, Kreis said "we might not get a landmark legal ruling, because Walmart would be inclined to settle." However, he noted, that does not necessarily limit the impact of this decision.
“What's important here is that you're dealing with one of the nation's largest employers. Depending on how this unfolds, that could guide a lot of other corporations who say, ‘I need to fall in line with this,'” he said.
A Walmart spokesperson emailed a statement to NBC News saying the company maintains "a strong anti-discrimination policy."
"We support diversity and inclusion in our workforce and do not tolerate discrimination or retaliation of any kind. Our health benefits include coverage for the medically necessary treatment of Gender Dysphoria or Gender Identity Disorder," the statement reads. "While we disagree with the EEOC's findings, we have attempted to resolve this issue with Ms. Robison and remain open to further discussions.”
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
Berbice Volleyball Association holds one day extravaganza for schools on Friday
The Berbice Volleyball Association (BVA) will be hosting a volleyball extravaganza for secondary and primary schools in East Berbice Corentyne, Region six.
The BVA, which is one of the most active sports associations in the country, will be doing the activity in collaboration with its suicide prevention drive.
The one day activity will be held on Friday, at the Port Mourant Community Development Centre and is expected to get started at 13:00hrs.
The day's events are the first of two phases that will involve schools in the Region.
The activities will involve various types of volleyball games, novelty events (with prizes), coaching/training and cultural activities among other events.
Among the schools expected to be involved are Guysuco Apprentice Training Center, Skeldon Line Path Secondary, Skeldon High School, Tagore Memorial Secondary, Central Corentyne, Black Bush Secondary, Winifred Gaskin Secondary, Manchester Secondary Corentyne Comprehensive, Port Mourant Secondary, Lower Corentyne Secondary, Berbice High School and Berbice Educational Institute.
Among the Primary schools expected to be a part of the action are- Auclyne Primary, Tain Primary, Port Mourant Primary, Rose Hall Primary, Belvedere Primary, Albion Primary and Cropper Primary. (Samuel Whyte)
The night before Dave Matthews Band perform at a pre-Super Bowl show in Minneapolis, the group's longtime violinist Boyd Tinsley announced he is taking “a break” from the band and touring. “I need to take a break from the band & touring 2 focus on my family & my health 4 a while,” TinsleyThis article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Dave Matthews Band Violinist Boyd Tinsley Announces Break From Band …read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
1:24 Woods Humane Society nearly out of animals after Black Friday sale Pause
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
2:05 A history of medical marijuana in San Luis Obispo County
1:14 What will happen to Diablo Canyon after it closes?
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
0:51 Jerry Brown: Raising minimum wage moral, though 'may not make sense'
2:05 Pot operations turned California Valley into 'a circus'
0:26 Jerry Brown signs climate bill: 'This is big'
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Six candidates filed their papers for the presidential election on the first day of nominations, officials said on Wednesday.
Earlier in the day, the Election Commission issued notification for the presidential poll, setting the ball in motion for the July 17 election to the country's highest constitutional post.
Those who filed nominations on Wednesday include K Padmarajan from Salem in Tamil Nadu, who has earned the moniker of ‘Election King' by contesting more than 150 elections.
His name figures in the Limca Book of Records for being the “most unsuccessful candidate”.
Earlier, Padmarajan has contested against political bigwigs like J. Jayalalithaa, M. Karunanidhi, A.K. Anthony, P.V. Narasimha Rao, K.R. Narayanan, S.M. Krishna, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh (in Rajya Sabha polls) and President Pranab Mukherjee in the presidential election.
Others who filed their nominations were Anand Singh Kushwaha from Gwalior in Madhya Pradesh, A. Bala Raj from Mahbubnagar in Telangana, Saira Bano Patel from Mumbai, Abdul Hamid Patel from Mumbai, and Kondekar Vijayprakash from Pune in Maharashtra.
Lok Sabha Secretary General Anoop Mishra, the Returning Officer for the election, issued the notification that the nomination papers may be delivered by a candidate or any of their proposers/seconders not later than June 28.
Voting will take place from 10 AM to 5 PM on July 17 at places fixed under the rules.
The vote count will be on July 20, four days before incumbent Pranab Mukherjee's term ends on July 24. The new President is set to assume office the following day.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
It's been dubbed "The Lego House" - or perhaps more accurately, the "eco-Lego house."
Currently, under construction in Sooke, it's the first home ever to be built from of hemp blocks, which stack together very much like the classic child's building toy.
"It's just a big learning experience for us," says Mark Faber, a sub-contractor on the build. "It's the first time anybody's ever built with this stuff, and so we're learning something new every day. How to speed things up is the biggest thing."
But owner Arno Keinonen doesn't consider himself the guinea pig.
"The biofabric company itself [Just BioFiber Structural Solutions], they are the guinea pigs really, promising to do a solid good house for us."
Solid is right. Each block is 26 centimetres or 10-and-a-half inches thick.
"It's an invention from Calgary," says Keinonen. "It exceeds any other insulation expectations of any kind of wall structure. The uniqueness of this 'eco-Lego block' is that it has hemp and lime as the main block."
Along with a structural frame within each block, which provides the strength.
Just BioFiber construction manager Chris Aldinger says the blocks have other unique qualities.
"It has a strong fire resistance rating, and it's very insulative, there's very little waste. If there is any waste, it's the hemp hurd which is biodegradable, and the structural part of the block which is re-ground and used again, to make more structural pieces."
Keinonen's goal is to live in a non-toxic house, with solar panels for net-zero energy bills, growing food, and using rainwater along with well water.
"There's so many people who talk about wanting to build sustainably and build a better future, but so many people just talk about it, and we decided we wanted to do something to demonstrate how it's possible to do something that is totally sustainable," says Keinonen.
You can tour Keinonen's home, along with five other energy conservation homes, on Saturday, October 14 at Sooke's eco-home tour.
Police are appealing for help to trace the next of kin of a man from Wigan.
Brian John Godwin, 60, was found dead at his home address on Linney Square in Scholes on Thursday, May 24.
There are no suspicious circumstances surrounding his death.
The Police Coroner's Officer is now appealing for help to locate his family.
Anybody with information should contact the Police Coroners Officer in Bolton on 0161 856 6487.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Apple executive plays down using cash to create US jobs
Students design camping tent with solar energy feature for homeless
Los Angeles, Apr 17 (EFE).- With the help of a grant or scholarship from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a group of Hispanic students living in California is designing a camping tent that can use solar energy to meet the electricity needs of the homeless.
“Our camping house is made with special materials, where we're going to have solar panels, … (and) LED lights, so that the person can see inside when it's dark. Also, we're going to have a way to clean the house with ultraviolet lights, which kill bacteria,” high school student Kenia Shi told EFE.
The installation of miniaturized solar technology in a mobile tent is the project being pursued by 12 Latino students at the San Fernando Magnet school in Los Angeles County, for which they received a $10,000 grant from the Lemelson InveTeam organization at the MIT School of Engineering.
“When we were introduced to the program and they told us that we had the chance to make an invention that could change something in our community, we thought that making a … (solar) tent was best,” Shi said.
The daughter of immigrants from El Salvador, Shi intends to study mechanical engineering at the University of California San Diego.
Statistics from 2016 compiled by the Los Angeles Homeless Services Authority show that in Los Angeles County there are 43,000 people who live in shelters or in tents on the streets.
The annual tally, which does not include figures from Pasadena, Glendale or Long Beach, found that the homeless population is 39 percent African American, 27 percent Latino and 26 percent white.
Araceli Chavez, the daughter of Mexican immigrants, told EFE that “it's very nice” to be able to say that you're helping these people who “often the government and the public … almost ignore.”
Fifteen US schools won the engineering grants to develop things such as “tents with solar energy” that the students will display at the EurekaFest fair on June 15-17 on the MIT campus.
Chavez, who has already received an acceptance letter to study computer engineering and politics at Georgetown University, said that thanks to a survey conducted to determine the needs of the homeless, she and her colleagues learned that – quite often – “they're asking for electricity.”
The students' solution is to install a small solar panel and a light with an energy storage element, so that the accumulated electricity can be transferred to other appliances, among other innovations.
SoftBank to acquire Fortress Investment Group for $3.3bn
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Dallas Cowboys Dez Bryant (88) talks to a teammate on the bench during the first half of play in a game against the Baltimore Ravens at AT&T Stadium in Arlington on Sunday, November 20, 2016. (Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News)
Ravens reporter Lindsey OK tweeted that Bryant didn't want to play in quarterback Joe Flacco's system, and Bryant also refused the Ravens' best offer. It's unclear what that offer was.
The Ravens were reported to be interested in the former Cowboys receiver, but went in a different direction. Baltimore put in an offer sheet to Saints restricted free agent wide receiver Willie Snead. The Saints didn't match, giving Baltimore their wide receiver and removing them from the Dez Bryant running.
I guess I should also add that I was told the Ravens gave Dez their best offer and he still said no
Original story: An NFL team is reportedly showing some interesting in signing ex-Cowboy Dez Bryant. And it's not a team in the NFC East.
The team is the Baltimore Ravens, according to The Baltimore Sun's Jeff Zrebiec. He writes:
"Predictably, the Ravens have interest in him, sources confirmed. Ravens fans, who still lament the fact that the team was unable to land Bryant in the 2010 draft, seem infatuated with the idea.
...
"What isn't clear is whether Bryant is interested in the Ravens. He reportedly wants to remain in the NFC East so he can punish the Cowboys twice a year. There's been talk that Bryant's decision will not be based on money, but on his offensive fit and how well he believes he'll mesh with his next quarterback. Bryant has been part of only one playoff victory in eight seasons, so it stands to reason he'll want to join a team with a good chance to win the Super Bowl."
The Ravens recently signed Michael Crabtree to a three-year, $21 million deal with $13 million guaranteed, according to spotrac. The receivers on the roster look like this [with Dez to compare]:
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Renminbi faces confidence test as Chinese FX purchase quota resets
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - Oct. 6, 2017) - Trisura Group Ltd. ("Trisura" or the "Company") (TSX:TSU) today announced that it has called a special meeting of shareholders (the "meeting") to approve a 1 for 10 share consolidation of its common shares, followed immediately by a 10 to 1 share split by way of a share distribution. At the meeting, Trisura shareholders will also be asked to consider a resolution on a management share option plan that was approved by the Board of Directors in connection with the spinoff of Trisura and is required by the Toronto Stock Exchange (the "TSX") to be ratified at the first meeting of shareholders.
The meeting shall be held on December 11, 2017 in Toronto for shareholders of record on October 31, 2017. A management information circular for the meeting will be available online under Notice and Access on or before November 10, 2017.
Share Consolidation and Share Split
The proposal for a 1 for 10 share consolidation followed immediately by a 10 to 1 share split will, if approved, result in cash proceeds being paid to shareholders who hold less than 10 common shares. The price to be paid per Trisura common share will be based on the average trading price of Trisura for the 20 days prior to the effective date of the share consolidation and share split (the "effective date"). The effective date shall be set as soon as possible following the receipt of requisite approvals.
Total cash proceeds to be paid to shareholders who own less than 10 Trisura common shares are estimated at $5.7 million. Shareholders who hold 10 or more common shares will be unaffected by the proposal; following the share consolidation and split they will maintain the same number of common shares in Trisura as they owned previously.
The Board of Directors of Trisura unanimously recommends that shareholders of Trisura approve the share consolidation and share split.
Trisura is proposing this transaction for two primary reasons:
Following the recent spinoff of Trisura by Brookfield Asset Management Inc. ("Brookfield"), the vast majority of Trisura shareholders own less than 10 common shares. A number of these small shareholders have asked the Company to repurchase their shares as they have no cost-effective option to dispose of them. The proposed share consolidation will pay cash to our smaller shareholders without the payment of brokerage fees that in many cases would represent all or a substantial portion of the sale proceeds.
Trisura's shareholder base at spinoff mirrors Brookfield's very broad shareholder base, which is inefficient for Trisura as a much smaller company. The administrative costs associated with disseminating Trisura materials to such a large shareholder base will be burdensome for the Company, and for many of our shareholders the costs will be disproportionately large to the value of their investment in Trisura. The proposed share consolidation will lower administrative costs by significantly reducing the number of our shareholders.
Greg Morrison, President and CEO of Trisura, stated that "The share consolidation and share split is an ideal solution, providing cash to our smaller shareholders and reducing administrative costs for Trisura, while preserving the holdings of shareholders who own 10 or more shares."
The share consolidation requires the approval of holders representing at least two-thirds of Trisura common shares that vote at the meeting, as well as a majority of the votes cast by shareholders of Trisura (other than Partners Value Investments LP ("PVI") and its affiliates and certain directors and senior officers of PVI and Trisura and their respective affiliates). The share consolidation and share split must also be approved by the TSX.
Management Share Option Plan
In connection with the spinoff of Trisura in June 2017, the Board of Directors of Trisura reviewed and approved a management share option plan (the "option plan"). The TSX requires that Trisura shareholders ratify the option plan and the option grants made to date at the first shareholder meeting post-spinoff, and the Board unanimously recommends that shareholders of Trisura ratify the option plan and the option grants.
The option plan has been designed to incentivize executives to focus on the long-term performance of Trisura and avoid taking excessive risks in order to achieve short-term results. The option plan will provide for the issuance of 400,000 Trisura common shares, which represents approximately 7% of the issued and outstanding common shares of Trisura. For further information regarding the option plan and the grants made to date, refer to the management information circular for the meeting.
About Trisura Group
Trisura Group Ltd. is a leading international specialty insurance provider operating in the surety, risk solutions, corporate insurance and reinsurance segments of the market. Trisura Group has three principal regulated subsidiaries: Trisura Guarantee Insurance Company, Trisura International Insurance and Trisura Specialty Insurance Company. Trisura Group is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol "TSU".
Further information is available at http://www.trisura.com/group. Important information may be disseminated exclusively via the website; investors should consult the site to access this information. Details regarding the operations of Trisura Group are also set forth in regulatory filings. A copy of the filings may be obtained on Trisura Group's SEDAR profile at www.sedar.com.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Information
Note: This news release contains "forward-looking information" within the meaning of Canadian provincial securities laws and "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities regulations. The words "will", "intends" and derivations thereof and other expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events, trends or prospects and which do not relate to historical matters identify forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements in this news release include statements with respect to the proposed share consolidation and share split by way of a share distribution of Trisura's common shares and Trisura management share option plan. Although Trisura believes that such forward-looking statements and information are based upon reasonable assumptions and expectations, the reader should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements and information as such statements and information involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Trisura to differ materially from anticipated future results, performance or achievement expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and information.
Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated or implied by forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated impact of general economic, political and market factors in the countries in which we do business; the behavior of financial markets, including fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange rates; global equity and capital markets and the availability of equity and debt financing and refinancing within these markets; strategic actions including dispositions; the ability to complete and effectively integrate acquisitions into existing operations and the ability to attain expected benefits; changes in accounting policies and methods used to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with critical accounting assumptions and estimates); the ability to appropriately manage human capital; the effect of applying future accounting changes; business competition; operational and reputational risks; technological change; changes in government regulation and legislation within the countries in which we operate; governmental investigations; litigation; changes in tax laws; ability to collect amounts owed; catastrophic events, such as earthquakes and hurricanes; the possible impact of international conflicts and other developments including terrorist acts and cyberterrorism; and other risks and factors detailed from time to time in our documents filed with the securities regulators in Canada.
We caution that the foregoing list of important factors that may affect future results is not exhaustive. When relying on our forward-looking statements, investors and others should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and potential events. Except as required by law, Trisura undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or information, whether written or oral, that may be as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Parents of students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, have joined forces to create a super PAC with the goal of defeating politicians who have the support and backing of the National Rifle Association.
The group is made up of parents who lost their children in the deadly shooting at the school on February 14 and those who saw their children come home but are upset that this happened in their school, as well as community members from Parkland who may not necessarily be linked to Stoneman Douglas but are concerned about what happened there.
According to the organizers of the Families vs. Assault Rifles PAC, the goal behind putting up money against candidates who receive funding from the NRA is to elect candidates to Congress who endorse a bill to ban assault weapons.
“The ultimate goal is to amend the National Firearms Act of 1934 by adding just a paragraph or two or whatever it takes to ban assault weapons and also ban the more dangerous accessories of assault weapons, such as high capacity magazines and bump stocks,” said Jeff Kasky, the father of two Parkland students who survived the massacre and who is part of the group behind the PAC. “But we know to get to that very simple goal, we have to take the NRA out of our politics.”
“Most Americans agree that there needs to be some common-sense gun reform. Why don't we have it?” Kasky said. “The party in power is being controlled by the NRA.”
The PAC was registered earlier this month, and without yet engaging in a publicity effort, Kasky said, it is already receiving thousands of inquiries from people who want to chip in or help the cause.
Matt Gohd, the political director of the PAC, told CNN the plan is allocated the money raised to targeted federal races that are competitive and where there are candidates who are not willing to forgo NRA support or will not support the amendment to the National Firearms Act that the group is proposing.
“We're not about confronting the Second Amendment; we're not taking away your handgun or rifle or shotgun. We're just looking to take out and restrict the ownership of the civilian equivalent of an M-16,” Gohd said.
To start off, the group is focusing on grass-roots fundraising and is asking for $17 donations from individuals. The figure represents the number of victims who were murdered in the Parkland shooting. Down the road, the group has mega-donors who are pledging large contributions, according to Gohd.
“Every time something like what happened in Parkland occurs, one would think that would precipitate some type of action, but all it does is it gets the politicians to say now is not the time, thoughts and prayers, let's not politicize, over and over and over again,” Kasky said. “That is going to change.”
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The IDF is in pursuit of Ahmed Jarar in southwest Jenin, Palestinian media reported on Saturday.
Jarar is suspected of being involved in the murder of Rabbi Raziel Shevach who was murdered near Havat Gilad in the West Bank on January 9.
Palestinian media reported that Israeli security forces are going from house to house using dogs to capture Jarar.
The IDF confirmed that a military operation was currently being carried out in Jenin, but declined to provide any more comments on the topic.
Alejandro Toledo in April 2011.
Lima: Peru's President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski on Sunday urged his US counterpart Donald Trump to consider sending fugitive ex-Peruvian leader Alejandro Toledo — believed to be in the United States — back to Peru on graft charges.
The net appeared to be closing around Toledo, as Israel said it would refuse entry to the former leader accused of taking bribes from Brazil's Odebrecht construction giant.
“President Kuczynski has asked Donald Trump to evaluate... with the State Department the idea of sending Toledo back to Peru,” where he is wanted on charges of taking $20 million in bribes while in office, state news agency Andina reported.
However, the United States — where Toledo is believed to be holed up — said it could not arrest Toledo until it received more information on the case against him, according to Peruvian officials, who were rushing to send investigation documents to their US counterparts.
Toledo, once hailed as an anti-corruption champion, is accused of taking a huge payoff from Odebrecht in exchange for a massive highway contract connecting Peru and Brazil during his 2001-2006 presidency.
Peruvian police launched a manhunt for him after a judge ordered his arrest Thursday night. There is a $30,000 reward out for information leading to his capture.
Peruvian authorities believe Toledo, 70, is in the US city of San Francisco, where he is a visiting professor at nearby Stanford University.
The Peruvian government has indicated that Toledo might try to flee to Israel, where his wife, French-born Elaine Karp, is a citizen.
“We heard from a solid source that he was trying to flee to Israel. So we alerted Israel,” Interior Minister Carlos Basombrio said on RPP Radio.
But Israel blocked any such effort by Toledo.
“Toledo will be allowed in Israel only when his affairs in Peru are settled,” foreign ministry spokesman Emmanuel Nahshon said in a statement.
Peru's authorities have a warrant for Toledo to be detained and held in preventive custody for 18 months pending a full investigation.
He is accused of influence peddling and money laundering.
At the moment, Toledo could leave the United States, since the US has not yet received the documents on which the warrant is based, according to Basombrio.
Israel's foreign ministry later said he was not aboard a Sunday evening flight from San Francisco that landed at the country's main international airport.
Toledo denies the accusations against him, branding them political persecution. But he has struggled to explain the source of the money.
Walter Hill switches things up in “THE ASSIGNMENT”
April 17, 2017 - 12:09 pm
Comments Off on Walter Hill switches things up in “THE ASSIGNMENT”
My jaw dropped about five minutes into the film, then fifteen more minuets into the film…it happened again. So, needless to say by the twenty minute mark of the sci-fi/gangster/gender-bender film, I was hooked. Staring Michelle Rodriguez and Sigourney Weaver, THE ASSIGNMENT is the latest project from acclaimed filmmaker Walter Hill.
Now out in select theaters as well as VOD, THE ASSIGNMENT follows Frank Kitchen, (Rodriguez) a male chauvinistic, gun-for-hire who unwilling undergoes a sex change operation performed by a crazed surgeon (Weaver) with a personal vendetta. After waking up as a woman, Frank begins to hunt down the men responsible for his gender reassignment in hopes of finding the surgeon responsible.
Yes, this sounds insane, and if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes I would have thought someone made it up. However, it works and writer/director Walter Hill is here to give readers an inside look on how THE ASSIGNMENT came to be.
FANGORIA: Where did the idea for THE ASSIGNMENT stem from?
WALTER HILL: It started out as an original script and story that Denis Hamill that he wrote back in the late 1970s, the original title being TOMBOY. It developed from there and it's been 40 years in the cooking. So, I had optioned it 20 years after I first read it and I allowed the option to lapse; I'd written a script that I didn't like. Then I ran across the original material again and I think based on the TALES FROM THE CRYPT, I had done in the meantime, gave me the idea of how to pull this material off; how to organize it as a story and stylistically.
FANGORIA: There is also a graphic novel of the film as well. How did that come about?
WALTER HILL: What happened was I now have the script I wanted to shoot, it was revised a bit after that but I have the script I wanted to shoot, based on the kind of TALES FROM THE CRYPT approach. So, I took the script to my agent and he immediately said, well nobody is going to finance this, this story is too weird. Then, I was on my way to Munich for a film festival there and they were doing a retrospective on some of my films and my agent said stop in Paris on your way back. There's a guy there, a producer, and he might be attracted to this. Of course when someone says stop in Paris, you don't have to be asked twice. So while I was in Paris I contacted the publishers who had published a graphic novel that I had written a year or so before, it was a gangster piece. I told them about the story and they read it and they said they'd like to do it as a graphic novel. So, as I was getting the movie financed, we made the deal to do the graphic novel. The graphic novel came out in Paris last May and it's now been translated into English.
FANGORIA: The characters in the film are, to say the least, quite unique. How did you go about casting these roles?
WALTER HILL: The four main characters are really perfect casting. Sometimes you just get lucky and hopefully you can bring some intelligence to the decision making. But at the same time, you never quite know how it's all going to work. Sigourney's part was actually written for a man and I switched it to a woman because the kind of mad scientist thing would be much fresher if I brought a woman sensibility to it.
FANGORIA: Had you always had Sigourney in mind for that role?
WALTER HILL: Sigourney was the first person I sent it to after switching the sex and knowing that the situation would be pushed further if she agreed to do it; she brings so much. When you're casting it's not always someone's ability to play the part, you also have to be very aware of what people bring to the film from previous films; the image and the star persona shall we say. I thought that Sigourney would be very good and not only could she physically handle the part but she also brought such a reservoir of positive characterizations. And even though what she was playing here was, shall we say a somewhat twisted persona; there would still be a residual of respect and affection from the audience for her.
FANGORIA: And that there was, specifically during a rather intense moment in the film when Sigourney offers a sort of confession to past crimes committed.
WALTER HILL: Well, that scene was a rather small seen originally and after Sigourney and I started working, and she only worked about six days, I could see this scene was working and I could see it was way underwritten. So, I took out my pencil in my hotel room and and that weekend drafted it up. So she not only had this really big speech, this monologue she had to do, she had no real significant amount of prep time. She had to really learn it very quickly and she did it magnificently, fabulously played. We shot that sequence, which on some films I worked on would have taken two or three days, we shot in about two hours.
FANGORIA: Both Rodriguez and Weaver play pretty horrible people. How was it creating such villainous characters?
WALTER HILL: I didn't want just a villain. I wanted somebody with a very big sensibility. In fact, that was Frank Kitchen, Michelle's [Rodriguez] part. I think one of the jobs I set out for myself was I wanted both the audience and the characters to have grown with each other. The characters shall we say, we didn't try to turn them into saints, they were sadder but wiser about who they were. And even though these two lived very wicked lives, the audience would have a degree of sympathy for their plight. I think the movie actually kind of does that, there's this kind of wistfulness to the ending. I would say, almost every good story ends with a tear, and this one doesn't end quite with a tear. But, I was trying to get some ambiguity into the villainy, even at the comic book level.
FANGORIA: Now that the film has finally made it to the big screen, did you feel you accomplished what you had set out to do since its inception?
WALTER HILL: You play the cards you're dealt. It's a story that stuck with me and I don't like to use the word obsession or anything, but it stuck with me for a number of years. I thought it would be a good story, I thought it would play. I also thought it would be very difficult to get anyone to understand why you should make this one. But I think, in the end, it is a good story, it does play, and I'm hoping that the movie has a good reception.
Check out an exclusive clip from THE ASSIGNMENT below:
Blue/Gray Comforter Set
Reversible Twin Sets
Pem America Twin Set
Pink Full/Queen Set
This is a seriously good deal: Right now you can score three-piece comforter sets from Macy's for less than $20. Right now, Macy's has deep discounts on closeout comforter sets. On top of that, they're offering an extra 15 percent off with the promo code BTS. Since these are closeout items, it looks like these savings can be found(though you might find different closeout deals at your local Macy's!). Some good news if you're a fan of shopping in person: The extra 15 percent off is good for both in-store and online purchases. Thepromo code is good for 15 percent off select shoes, coats, suits, dresses, lingerie, women's swimwear, suit separates, sport coats and home items. A quick note: The promo code will only work on select items and items that are on sale or marked as clearance. The same code will also get you an extra 20 percent off select men's clothing and accessories, juniors and kids items. (Check out all the restrictions here .) The promo code is good through Aug. 18. And now, without further ado, here are some of the three-piece comforter sets we found on deep discount.This blue and gray striped comforter set is just $18.69 (regularly $80) after all the Macy's discounts. You can snag a full or queen size set in this pattern.This Jessica Sanders two-piece reversible comforter set for twin beds is also just $18.69 (regularly $80) after the sales and promo codes.This Pem America reversible twin comforter set is also on sale for $18.68 (regularly $80).This bright pink three-piece reversible full/queen set is also on sale for $18.69 (regularly $80).
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
Former San Luis Obispo police officer Greg Clayton intends to run for San Luis Obispo County Sheriff Ian Parkinson's seat during the next election.
Clayton said Friday he plans to run a campaign of “justice and reform” based on the 12 deaths at County Jail during the past five years. The case of Andrew Holland, a 36-year-old Atascadero man who died in custody in January 2017 after spending 46 hours strapped to a restraint chair, compelled Clayton to step forward, he said.
“I feel strongly that an elected sheriff has to be an advocate for all,” Clayton said in a news release, “including the inmates with mental illness who are entrusted to the sheriff's care.”
Holland's family received a $5 million settlement from the county in July 2017, which they planned to use to advocate for mentally ill people trapped in the criminal justice system. The family called upon Sheriff Parkinson to resign over their son's death and the “blatant cover-up” that followed.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Clayton graduated from Cal Poly with a degree in political science and has lived in San Luis Obispo County since 1975. He began working for the San Luis Obispo Police Department in 1979, and took an early medical retirement after suffering an on-duty motorcycle injury.
Clayton has served as a private investigator in San Luis Obispo for the past 25 years, working civil claims and criminal investigations for government agencies, insurance companies and attorneys.
Parkinson has served as Sheriff since January 2011 and was elected to a second four-year term after running unopposed in 2014.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 1:02 With more than 20,000 seals, Piedras Blancas is the largest elephant seal rookery on Earth Pause 1:18 Mud, rock blocked the roads. So engineers hiked 14 miles to fix water pipes for Montecito 0:42 Cal Poly unveils new football, soccer practice facility 0:48 Candidate Bill Ostrander talks about 3 important issues in Assembly election 0:42 See the beautiful, massive super blue blood moon set over Shell Beach 1:36 The Dallidet Adobe — 'Where wine history started in SLO County' 0:31 Scene in California Valley where 2 men reportedly found shot to death 1:56 High school students from across California compete at Cal Poly robotics tournament 3:07 Parents of Brynn and Brittni Frace remember their daughters: They 'thrived on positive' 1:29 Jordan Cunningham: SLO County is on the front lines in fight against human trafficking Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Sheriff Ian Parkinson discusses inmate who died in custody at SLO County jail Sheriff Ian Parkinson discusses an inmate who died in San Luis Obispo County jail on Thursday, April 13, 2017. The Santa Cruz County Sheriff's Department is conducting the autopsy of the inmate, whose identity has not been released. Matt Fountain The Tribune
Though Clayton said he has a “good personal relationship” with Parkinson, he also said reform in the department and the interrelated county mental health system is overdue.
“After eight years of his leadership, our current sheriff has the dubious distinction of leading a department that has three times the national death rate of in-custody inmates,” Clayton said. “I strongly believe I can be an agent of change in the jail and the entire department, that I can lead the department forward while providing transparency, accountability and citizen's oversight.”
Clayton said he would pursue several key issues if elected:
▪ deaths of inmates in County Jail;
▪ lack of a dedicated psychiatric care facility at the County Jail;
▪ lack of “on-site leadership” overseeing and managing the jail system, along with citizen oversight;
▪ establish an Independent Medical Examiner's Office.
Clayton said he is not a career politician and does not have aspirations for public office beyond the sheriff's position.
Regular market downturns are just part of being an investor, writes Tony Robbins. See full story.
Wells Fargo says impact from Fed sanctions may reach $400 million
Wells Fargo & Co. says the impact from sanctions put on the bank by the Federal Reserve after a wave of customer account scandals could reduce its profit this year by as much as $400 million. See full story.
Why the Nunes memo just might work
No, the Nunes memo may not have revealed a grand conspiracy against Trump as much as its authors purport. But as a political device, it's too early to discount it. See full story.
Good news for Super Bowl viewing — no more ads for toenail-fungus drugs
Remember the anthropomorphic, helmeted foot hustling across a football field to ‘tackle' toenail fungus? See full story.
Are we heading for an Amazon-Alibaba e-commerce showdown?
Amazon and Alibaba currently operate in opposite geographies, but with both companies expanding, a showdown could be coming. See full story.
Amazon is one of many companies jumping on this greenery-over-cubicles movement. See full story.
DURHAM, N.C. – Hall of Fame Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski is stepping away from the team to have lower back surgery.
The school announced Monday that the procedure is scheduled for Friday, with an anticipated recovery time of four weeks.
Krzyzewski will coach Wednesday night's game against Georgia Tech before handing off to associate head coach Jeff Capel for Saturday's home game against Boston College.
Krzyzewski, 69, will have a fragment of a herniated disk removed at Duke University Hospital. The school says Krzyzewski tried several treatment options during the past month before deciding on surgery.
Krzyzewski said in a statement that he consulted with the university's medical team and "together, we have determined that surgery is the best course of action at this time." He says the Blue Devils will "be in the capable hands" of Capel and assistants Nate James and Jon Scheyer.
"As soon as the doctors clear me to do so, I look forward to returning and giving our team 100 (percent) of my energy and attention, which is certainly something that they deserve," he said.
The winningest men's coach in Division I history had four surgeries during the offseason to replace his left knee, repair his left ankle and fix a hernia. He squeezed those procedures into a busy summer in which he also led the U.S. Olympic team to the gold medal in Rio de Janeiro.
"To be sure, the entire Duke community is supportive and eager to get Mike back as soon as possible," Duke athletic director Kevin White said. "His health is paramount, and he will get the best possible care in the world by the Duke medical team. With the proper recovery time, we look forward to Mike doing what he does best – leading and teaching – very soon."
Capel – a former Duke guard who went 175-110 in nine years coaching at Virginia Commonwealth and Oklahoma –previously took over for Krzyzewski when he missed a trip to Georgia Tech last February because of dehydration and high blood pressure.
That victory in Atlanta marked the first time Krzyzewski did not travel with his team since the 1994-95 season, when he missed the final 19 games due to back surgery and exhaustion. Those Blue Devils went 4-15 during that span and became the last Duke team to miss the NCAA Tournament.
Monday's announcement marks the latest twist in an already drama-filled season for a team voted No. 1 in the preseason on the strength of a lineup led by preseason AP All-American guard Grayson Allen and four immediate-impact freshmen.
On Saturday, the Blue Devils (12-2) were routed at Virginia Tech in the first game of Allen's indefinite suspension for tripping yet another opponent . And those freshmen – Harry Giles, Jayson Tatum, Marques Bolden and Frank Jackson – have played in the same game only three times because of various injuries.
The Blue Devils dropped three spots to No. 8 – their lowest ranking of the season – in the AP Top 25 released Monday.
------
This story has been corrected to show that Krzyzewski, not Capel, will coach Wednesday night's game, which is against Georgia Tech, not Boston College.
------
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP--Top25
BORACAY – Tourism receipts in the island amounted to P34,518,669,078.30 from January to July.
Tourism receipts worth P22,819,281,388.80 came from foreign tourists and overseas Filipinos, while P11,699,387,689.50 were from domestic tourists, Aklan Provincial Tourism Office records showed.
Such earnings were generated from the 1,260,958 tourist arrivals for the first half of the year; 574,405 were foreigners, 655,505 were locals and 31,048 overseas Filipinos.
The Department of Tourism in Boracay (DOT-Boracay) is positive that the 2-million tourist arrival target will be met or may even be exceeded.
For the first seven months, tourist arrivals rose by 12 percent from last year's 1,126,755 in the same period, DOT-Boracay data showed.
In 2016, tourism receipts in the island amounted to P48,895,469,783.40. (PIA/PN)
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WANE) – A woman is in critical condition after being assaulted by a man in a parking lot in Fort Wayne, according to the Fort Wayne Police Department.
According to FWPD Spokesman Officer Jason Anthony, police responded to the 1500 block of West Main Street at 3:22 a.m. Wednesday for a reported disturbance.
Anthony said as an officer arrived on scene and saw a man on top of a woman in the parking lot. The man took off and the officer chased after him. Anthony said the officer eventually caught up to the man and the suspect was taken into the custody.
Other officers located the woman and found her in a semi-conscious state. She was taken to the hospital in serious condition but downgraded to critical condition with head and neck injuries, according to Anthony.
Anthony said the suspect was questioned by detectives, and criminal charges are pending after further case review by police.
Anthony said police are also trying to determine the relationship between the man and woman or if they even knew each other.
The incident is under investigation by FWPD and the Allen County Prosecutor's Office.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
By Jay L. Zagorsky, The Ohio State University
In the eyes of many Americans, the Fourth of July is a day for parades, barbecues and, of course, fireworks.
The tradition got its start at the beginning of our nation's history after the Founding Fathers met in Philadelphia to write and sign the Declaration of Independence. A day after the Continental Congress adopted the declaration on July 4, 1776, John Adams – soon the second U.S. president – penned a letter to his wife Abigail, declaring that Independence Day
“ought to be solemnized with pomp and parade, with shews, games, sports, guns, bells, bonfires and illuminations from one end of this continent to the other from this time forward forever more.”
One year later, Philadelphia celebrated the anniversary with fireworks – or “illuminations,” to Adams – plus a parade commemorating Independence Day.
So with that in mind, here are four fascinating sets of facts about fireworks.
Firework use is growing
Americans shoot off almost 1 pound of fireworks each year for every adult.
And this figure has grown rapidly in recent years, from half a pound per adult in 2000. In 1976, the United States' bicentennial, the figure was just one-sixth of a pound annually.
A reason for the big increase is the steady reduction in state prohibitions against individuals using fireworks. Today only Massachusetts completely prohibits individuals from owning and using any type of fireworks. The other states all allow usage in some form.
The most recent states to allow fireworks are New Jersey, Delaware and Iowa, whose new law legalizes fireworks around the 4th of July and New Year's Eve only.
Fireworks are also illegal in many urban areas, like New York City.
Because states are now permitting individuals to purchase and possess fireworks, there has been a large shift from professional to amateur use. Back in 2000, roughly one-third of all fireworks were set off during professional displays, the kind that light the skies of cities around the world on holidays like New Year's Eve and national celebrations. By 2017, professional displays comprised less than 10 percent.
Maria Symchych/Shutterstock.com
Firework prices have fallen
Just because more regular Americans have been shooting off fireworks doesn't mean prices have surged. The vast majority of the fireworks shot off in the United States are manufactured overseas, mainly in China.
Each shipment of fireworks brought into the U.S. includes a detailed invoice that shows the price the importer paid. These invoices show fireworks prices, after adjusting for inflation, are cheaper today than in the mid-1990s.
In 1996 it cost about $1.37 in today's terms to import 1 pound of fireworks. By 2017 the price had fallen to just $1.13 a pound. That means pound-for-pound fireworks are less than half the price of the hot dogs many people are grilling this 4th.
Accidents and injuries
Fireworks are dangerous – hence the reason so many states had banned them previously.
And as we've exploded more bottle rockets, firecrackers and Roman candles, fireworks-related injuries have increased as well, though they are still far below the rates we saw back in the mid-1980s when cities and states began banning their usage.
Back in 1986, fireworks injured about 6.6 out of every 100,000 people. Since 1986, injuries have steadily fallen as government regulations made them safer. In 2008, the rate was down to 2.3 people.
But as states have relaxed restrictions, the injuries have started increasing again. The latest figures for 2017 show a rate of 4 people per 100,000.
In addition, there's also a big gender divide in who suffers the most injuries. Men experienced about 70 percent of fireworks-related injuries for the one-month period from June 18 to July 18, 2017.
Beyond such statistics, however low, every year there are horrible stories of both children and adults being maimed and killed. So it's always important to exercise caution when lighting what amounts to a low-yield missile.
Fireworks now must meet higher standards
One reason that injury rates have fallen in the first place is because of the federal government's Consumer Product Safety Commission.
This organization regulates fireworks under the Federal Hazardous Substances Act. It banned the sale of the most dangerous fireworks, such as M-80s and cherry bombs, in the 1960s.
Today, it is working to lower injury rates again by requiring manufacturers to adhere to higher standards. In February 2017, for instance, the commission passed several of what I believe are common sense regulations for firework manufacturers to make their products safer.
For example, faulty fuses have caused many injuries, such as when some burned rapidly and ignite a rocket too quickly, preventing the holder from moving away in time. Other fuses actually take too long to ignite, leading people to investigate whether it needs to be relit just as the firework explodes in their face. So the commission now requires all fuses to ignite fireworks three to nine seconds after being lit.
The commission also now requires fireworks to have bases that are wider and support more weight so they do not tip over after being ignited. This prevents fireworks from firing off horizontally, becoming missiles that bounce along the ground and potentially hit spectators.
It also now bans hazardous materials like lead from the powder inside fireworks. This ensures people downwind from the explosions are not poisoned by breathing the smoke.
Common sense
As more states loosen restrictions on fireworks this Fourth of July, millions more people will follow the exhortations of John Adams and celebrate by shooting off “illuminations.”
But if you do plan to shoot off a few rockets or more advance fireworks, use some common sense, especially if children are around.
Whether you are lighting fireworks, watching them explode above you or just hiding from the noise, try to have a fun and safe Independence Day.
This is an updated version of an article originally published on June 29, 2017.
Jay L. Zagorsky, Economist and Research Scientist, The Ohio State University
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
Weekend picks: Hang tough with the New Kids at Allstate Arena
hello
Comedian Arden Myrin performs at Zanies at MB Financial Park in Rosemont. Associated Press, 2013
Ko-Thi Dance Company performs "Vibrations" as part of the Kids Concert Series at the Ravinia Festival in Highland Park. Courtesy of Ko-Thi Dance Company
Shemekia Copeland is among artists set to play at Blues on the Fox at RiverEdge Park in Aurora. Courtesy of RiverEdge Park
New Kids on the Block joins with Paula Abdul and Boyz II Men for the "Total Package Tour" at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont on Thursday and Friday, June 15 and 16. Associated Press
The Right Stuff
Relive the glory days of late-1980s and early '90s pop when New Kids on the Block, Boyz II Men and Paula Abdul team up for "The Total Package Tour" on Thursday and Friday at the Allstate Arena, 6920 N. Mannheim Road, Rosemont. $34.95-$249.99. (800) 745-3000 or allstatearena.com. 7:30 p.m. Thursday and Friday, June 15 and 16
Top dogs
See purebred canines compete at the Little Fort Kennel Club Dog Show starting Wednesday at the Lake County Fairgrounds, 1060 E. Peterson Road, Grayslake. Free; $5 for parking. (847) 254-6166 or royjonesdogshows.com. 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. Wednesday through Saturday, June 14-17, and 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. Sunday, June 18
Activities aplenty
See Loop alleyways transformed into performance art experiences with "Activate -- Playground: The Rec Room of the Block." The latest edition pops up on Thursday at the Sullivan Center Alley, 16 E. Monroe St., Chicago. No admission charges. (312) 782-9160 or loopchicago.com/ACTIVATE. 5 to 10 p.m. Thursday, June 15
Elaine Silets (aka "The Train Lady") opens her Gardens and Garden Model Railways as well as the private Harvey M. Silets Memorial O-Scale Railroad Museum at Wandering Tree Estate for the Barrington Country Garden & Antique Faire. -
Elaine Silets (aka "The Train Lady") opens her Garden Model Railways as part of the 17th Annual Barrington Country Garden & Antique Faire this weekend. It's a fundraiser for the charity Hands of Hope, and starts from a parking lot near Barrington High School, 800 Hart Road, Barrington (shuttles provided). $55; $80 early buy Friday ticket starting at 8:30 a.m. (847) 381-7367 or handsofhopeonline.org/faire.asp. 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Friday and Saturday, June 16 and 17
- Daniel White | Staff Photographer, 2015 John Pilling of Saginaw, Mich., throws a 22-pound heavy hammer during a previous Scottish Festival and Highland Games in Itasca.
See pipers, dancers and athletes compete at the 31st annual Scottish Festival and Highland Games this weekend at Hamilton Lakes, 1 Pierce Place, Itasca. Friday: $12 and $10 for seniors; Saturday: $20 and $15 for seniors; two-day pass: $30 and $22.50 for seniors. (708) 426-7149 or scottishfestivalchicago.org. 1 to 10 p.m. Friday, June 16; 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Saturday, June 17
Mavis Staples is one of the headliners at the Blues on the Fox festival at RiverEdge Park in Aurora. - Associated Press, 2015
Mavis Staples, Shemekia Copeland, Nicholas David, the Guy King Band and more artists are featured in the 21st annual Blues on the Fox festival this weekend at RiverEdge Park, 360 Broadway, Aurora. $20 per day. (630) 896-6666 or paramountaurora.com. 7 p.m. Friday, June 16; 3 p.m. Saturday, June 17
'The Secret Life of Pets'
See the 2016 animated family film "The Secret Life of Pets" at Elmhurst's Movies in the Park in Wilder Park, 175 Prospect Ave., Elmhurst. The film features the voice talents of Kevin Hart, Louis C.K. and others. Free popcorn; food trucks on site. Free. epd.org. Family craft activity at 7:30 p.m., film begins at dusk Friday, June 16
Willie Nelson & Family featuring Lukas Nelson and Promise of the Real performs at Ravinia Friday, June 16. - Associated Press
Outlaw country rocker Willie Nelson keeps on rocking. The 84-year-old musician has been playing music for nearly 61 years, and he's out "On the Road Again," heading to Ravinia Festival joined by his son Lukas Nelson and his band Promise of the Real. Ravinia Festival, 200 Ravinia Park Road, Highland Park. $49-$125. (847) 266-5000 or ravinia.org. 7:30 p.m. (doors open at 5 p.m.) Friday, June 16
Nocturnal rock
Tickets are scarce to see Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds ("Murder Ballads," "Skeleton Tree") perform in concert tonight at the Auditorium Theatre of Roosevelt University, 50 E. Congress Parkway, Chicago. $29.50-$252. (312) 341-2300 or auditoriumtheatre.org. 8 p.m. Friday, June 16
Comedian Gary Owen returns to the Improv Comedy Showcase in Schaumburg. - Courtesy of Samantha Annis
Fans of Gary Owen and his reality TV series on BET won't want to miss seeing the comedian perform standup this weekend at the Improv Comedy Showcase, 5 Woodfield Road, Schaumburg. $38 plus a two-item; $43 VIP seating. (847) 240-2001 or chicago.improv.com. 8 and 10:15 p.m. Friday, June 16; 7 and 9:15 p.m. Saturday, June 17; 7 p.m. Sunday, June 18
Owens Room celebrates the release of their recent self-titled EP Friday, June 16, at Beat Kitchen. - Courtesy of Kevin J. Rose
Owens Room's recently released self-titled EP is steeped in a solid alternative vibe. But the instrumentation from Hanover Park native Steve Enison and West Chicago's Jack Rose crackles with an indie rock influence, none more than on the touching and upbeat "Never Alone." Bright, expressive vocals from Wheaton resident Adam Curry emphasize the uplifting messages on the album. Hear it live when Owens Room plays an album-release show at Beat Kitchen with indie alternative rockers THE WLDLFE, The Band Camino and Harvey Fox. Beat Kitchen, 2100 W. Belmont Ave., Chicago. $8. (773) 281-4444 or beatkitchen.com. 8:30 p.m. Friday, June 16
Let's go Lego
See elaborate sculptures made from Lego and Duplo blocks with the return of Brickworld this weekend at the Renaissance Hotel and Convention Center, 1551 N. Thoreau Drive, Schaumburg. $12; kids ages 3 and under admitted free. (847) 303-4100 or brickworld.com. 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday, June 17; 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Sunday, June 18
Brickworld returns to the Renaissance Hotel and Convention Center in Schaumburg. -
The Volo Auto Museum, at 27582 Volo Village Road in Volo, celebrates the release of the Disney/Pixar animated film "Cars 3" with special events Saturday. Museum guests can pose for photos with the "Cars" character Tow Mater. The museum ticket gives guests free admission to see "Cars 3" that night at the McHenry Outdoor Theater, 1510 N. Chapel Hill Road, McHenry. Museum admission is $9-$15. volocars.com. 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday, June 17
Art in Bloom
See artwork and watch demonstrations at the Art in Bloom Fine Art Festival at Cantigny Park, 1S151 Winfield Road, Wheaton. Fest features kids' crafts, music by Guitarra Azul and Classical Blast, food trucks and more. Free with paid $10 parking fee. cantigny.org. 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday and Sunday, June 17-18
African dance
Kids can learn about traditional African music and dances when Milwaukee's Ko-Thi Dance Company and its junior troupe, Ton Ko-Thi, perform the family-friendly show "Vibrations" on Saturday morning at the Ravinia Festival Martin Theatre, 418 Sheridan Road, Highland Park. $10. (847) 266-5100 or ravinia.org. 11 a.m. Saturday, June 17
The Red Delicious
The Red Delicious quartet performs mainstream pop music at Old Towne Pub and Eatery, 40W290 La Fox Road, St. Charles. No cover. (630) 513-4240 or otpwasco.com. 9 p.m. Saturday, June 17
Dads are free
In celebration of Father's Day, dads get free admission (when accompanied by another paid guest) Sunday at Santa's Village Azoosment Park, 601 Dundee Ave., East Dundee. In its 58th season, the theme park offers a new four-story Super Cyclone roller coaster, along with other rides, animal shows and more. santasvillagedundee.com. 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sunday, June 18
The Tempel Lipizzans return for a 35th season at Tempel Farms in Wadsworth starting Sunday, June 18. - Courtesy of John Borys Photography
Marvel at The Tempel Lipizzans when performances for their 35th season begin on Sunday at Tempel Farms, 17000 W. Wadsworth Road, Wadsworth. $17-$32. (847) 244-5330 or tempelfarms.com. Opening performance at 1 p.m. Sunday, June 18; continues through Sunday, Sept. 10
'Disco Demolition'
The Elmhurst History Museum, 120 E. Park Ave., Elmhurst, opened its newest exhibit, "Disco Demolition: The Night Disco Died," last Friday. Learn about Disco Demolition Night, which happened on July 12, 1979, in the middle of a White Sox doubleheader game in Chicago. What started as a radio station's promotional event ended with the Comiskey Park field being damaged by spectators and the Sox being forced to forfeit a game. The story is told through video clips, photos and personal items from Chicago radio personality Steve Dahl and more. Free. (630) 833-1457 or elmhursthistory.org. 1 to 5 p.m. Sunday and Tuesday through Friday and 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday. Exhibit runs through Sunday, Oct. 8.
Concert highlights
• Naper Nights Community Concert Series: 5 to 10 p.m. Friday and Saturday, June 16-17, Naper Settlement, 523 S Webster St., Naperville. $10-$15. School of Rock, Fortunate Sons and The Trippin Billies perform on June 16. School of Rock, The Neverly Brothers and American English perform on June 17. (630) 420-6010 or napernights.com.
• Fridays on the Green: 6 p.m. Friday, June 16, Centennial Green at Mount Prospect Village Hall, 50 S. Emerson St., Mount Prospect. Sushi Roll performs. Free. experiencemountprospect.org.
• Hawthorn Woods Concerts in the Park: 6:30 p.m. Friday, June 16, Hawthorn Woods Community Park, 5 Park View Lane, Hawthorn Woods. Save the Clocktower. Free. vhw.org.
• Blues on the Fox: 7 p.m. Friday and Saturday, June 16-17, RiverEdge Park, 360 N. Broadway, Aurora. Blues artists including Mavis Staples, Shemekia Copeland, Jonny Lang and more. $20 per day. (630) 896-6666 or riveredgeaurora.com.
• Willie Nelson and Family: 7:30 p.m. Friday, June 16, Ravinia Festival, 200 Ravinia Park Road, Highland Park. $105-$125. Lawn seats $49-$54. ravinia.org.
• DimoStrong's Local Showcase featuring Vaudevileins, SAYERS, Royal Outsiders, When We Are Kids, Animal Holograms, Bad Bad Meow: 7:30 p.m. Friday, June 16, Cubby Bear, 1059 W. Addison, Chicago. $10-$13. (773) 327-1662 or cubbybear.com.
• Dwight Yoakam with Railway Gamblers: 8 p.m. Friday, June 16, Joe's Live Rosemont, 5441 Park Place, Rosemont. $39; $139 VIP Experience. (847) 261-0392 or joesliverosemont.com.
• The Lark And The Loon: 8 p.m. Friday, June 16, Frankie's, 16 W. Chicago Ave., Naperville. $5. (630) 416-4898 or frankiesblueroom.net.
• EGi.: 8 p.m. Friday, June 16, Mackey's Hideout, 2601 S. River Road, McHenry. $10. (815) 363-7040 or mackeyshideout.com.
• Ann Wilson (of Heart): 8 p.m. Friday, June 16, House of Blues, 329 N. Dearborn St., Chicago. $45. (312) 923-2000 or houseofblues.com.
• Brad Cole: 8:15 p.m. Friday, June 16, Two Way Street Coffee House, 1047 Curtiss St., Downers Grove. Folk, roots. $10. (630) 969-9720 or twowaystreet.org.
• Eric Ramsey: 8:30 p.m. Friday, June 16, Peggy Kinnane's, 8 N. Vail Ave., Arlington Heights. No cover. (847) 577-7733 or peggykinnanes.com.
• Kaskade: 9 p.m. Friday, June 16, Aragon Ballroom, 1106 W. Lawrence Ave., Chicago. Tickets start at $45. (773) 561-9500 or aragonballroom.org.
• The Sane Abandoned, Sudden Deth, Mind Block: 9:30 p.m. Friday, June 16, Silvie's Lounge, 1902 W. Irving Park Road, Chicago. $10. (773) 871-6239 or silvieslounge.com.
• Fool House: 10 p.m. Friday, June 16, Mickey Finn's Brewery, 345 N. Milwaukee Ave., Libertyville. Group performs 1990s dance, rock and pop tunes. No cover. (847) 362-6688 or mickeyfinnsbrewery.com.
• The Belvederes: 6 p.m. Saturday, June 17, Nero's Pizza and Pub, 300 Eastgate Court, Algonquin. No cover. (847) 458-0282 or nerospub.com.
• Mike and Joe: 6 p.m. Saturday, June 17, BaseCamp Pub, 5750 Lakeside Drive, Lisle. $8. (331) 777-4712 or basecamppub.com.
• Early June, Ship Captain Crew, Wayside Story: 6 p.m. Saturday, June 17, Subterranean, 2011 W. North Ave., Chicago. $7-$12. (773) 278-6600 or subt.net.
• Doc Severinsen: 6:30 p.m. Saturday, June 17, on the mall of Elmhurst College's arboretum campus. 190 S. Prospect Ave., Elmhurst. Legendary trumpet player and former "Tonight Show" bandleader performs with the ELmhurst College Jazz Band. Free. (630) 617-6186 or elmhurst.edu.
• Charlene Brooks with "Brooks Sings Broadway": 8 p.m. Saturday, June 17, Skokie Theatre, 7924 Lincoln Ave., Skokie. Cabaret. $30. (847) 677-7761 or skokietheatre.org.
• Enuff Z' Nuff and Chronic Edge: 8 p.m. Saturday, June 17, H.O.M.E. Bar, 1227 N. Rand Road, Arlington Heights. Rock. (847) 577-4663 or homebarchicago.com.
• Brian Setzer's Rockabilly Riot!: 8:30 p.m. Saturday, June 17, House of Blues, 329 N. Dearborn St., Chicago. $42.50. (312) 923-2000 or houseofblues.com.
• The Delta Saints, Rebel Soul Revival: 9 p.m. Saturday, June 17, Beat Kitchen, 2100 W. Belmont Ave., Chicago. $12. (773) 281-4444 or beatkitchen.com.
• Juliet Fox at Afterlife: 10 p.m. Saturday, June 17, Annex Nightclub, 1958 W. North Ave., Chicago. $10; free before midnight or with RSVP at afterlifechi.com.
• Jason Warrior, The Remnant, Fairground, Carrie Patterson, Authentic Pines: 5:30 p.m. Sunday, June 18, Wire, 6815 W. Roosevelt Road, Berwyn. $8-$10. (708) 669-9473 or wireismusic.com.
• Metallica: 6 p.m. Sunday, June 18, Soldier Field, 1410 Museum Campus Dr., Chicago. $55.50-$155.50. (312) 235-7000 or soldierfield.net.
• Small Potatoes: 7 p.m. Sunday, June 18, Grayslake Heritage Center, 164 Hawley St., Grayslake. Folk duo of Jacquie Manning and Rich Prezioso (Small Potatoes) perform in a Lake County Folk Club-sponsored concert. Suggested donation is $13-$18. Call (847) 602-8882 for reservations. thelakecountyfolkclub.org.
• macseal, Retirement Party, Movies About Animals, Tiny Kingdoms: 8 p.m. Wednesday, June 21, Beat Kitchen, 2100 W. Belmont Ave., Chicago. $10. (773) 281-4444 or beatkitchen.com.
Information is provided by entertainment venues. Check with venue before purchasing tickets.
Timing, they say, is everything. And the timing of Ryan Greer's commitment couldn't have been better for Northwestern.
The three-star prospect from Northfield (Mass.) Mount Hermon committed to the Wildcats today and figures to step right into the lead guard role occupied by Bryant McIntosh the last four years.
Greer was originally a 2019 prospect, but he reclassified to 2018 to join the Wildcats this season.
He announced his commitment on Twitter:
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Teenage star Christian Pulisic scored with a brilliant touch to complete a field-length attack just eight minutes in, then split the defense with a pass that set up Jozy Altidore for the first of the forward's two goals and put the United States back on track for next year's World Cup with a 4-0 rout of Panama on Friday night.
Pulisic fed Altidore for a 2-0 lead in the 19th. Altidore converted a penalty kick with a chip in the 43rd after Bobby Wood was fouled, and Wood added a goal in the 63rd.
The U.S. ended a three-match winless streak in qualifying and with 12 points and moved two points ahead of Panama into third place — the last automatic berth — in the North and Central American and Caribbean region. Honduras has nine points going into its match Saturday at Costa Rica, which is second with 15.
Goal difference means the Americans put themselves in great shape to reach an eighth straight World Cup, almost certainly with a win Tuesday at Trinidad and Tobago and likely with a draw if Honduras fails to win Saturday. The U.S. is plus-five to minus-two for Panama and minus-seven for Honduras.
The region's fourth-place team advances to a playoff next month against Australia or Syria.
“We could have finished better on the day and scored more goals,” U.S. coach Bruce Arena said.
Playing his first international match since he turned 19 last month, Pulisic was moved to central midfield from the flanks by coach Bruce Arena and sparked the attack from the opening whistle with pace and ball control seldom seen from Americans.
After Gabriel Gomez broke free from Omar Gonzalez and shot over the crossbar, Tim Howard's goal kick was headed forward by Bobby Wood about 10 yards past midfield.
Altidore one-timed the ball ahead to on a sprinting Pulisic, and the midfielder reached back with his left leg to flick the ball ahead. Pulisic jumped to avoid Roman Torres' challenge and used the outside of his right foot to play the ball forward. As goalkeeper Jaime Penedo came off his line, Pulisic used the outside of his right foot again to play the ball wide and jumped over Pinedo's outstretched arm.
At the edge of the 6-yard box and just 2 yards from the endline, Pulisic reached with his right foot to slot the ball in, completing a 112-yard U.S. move. Pulisic tumbled over as the ball rolled in for his eighth goal in 19 international appearances, his fourth in the hex.
Pulisic created the second goal when he played the ball between his feet and faked Michael Murillo on the left flank Pulisic broke ahead and fed Altidore, who split the center backs and redirected the ball in from 5 yards for his first goal of the hexagonal. At that point, Pulisic had played a part in 11 of the Americans' 14 goals in the hex.
After Wood and Altidore failed to convert good chances, Wood drew the penalty kick when he exchanged passes with Paul Arriola along a flank, broke past Felipe Baloy, spurted diagonally into the penalty area and was pushed down by Armando Cooper. As Pinedo dived to his left, Altidore chipped the ball down the center for his 41st international game.
Hacked down several times by Panamanians, Pulisic was removed in the 57th minute and walked out to a standing ovation from the sellout crowd of 25,303 at Orlando City Stadium, which opened in February,
Wood added his 10th international goal off a pass from Arriola.
Panama was trying to move into position to qualify for its first World Cup. The Panamanians were 90 seconds from advancing to a playoff against New Zealand four years ago, when Graham Zusi and Aron Johannsson scored late goals at Honduras, which dropped Panama behind Mexico and into fifth place.
Notes: All U.S. players stood at attention during “The Star-Spangled Banner” and all but Jozy Altidore and DeAndre Yedlin had their right hands over their hearts.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Pro-healing macrophages may help to regrow damaged nerves, a new study with rats suggests.
The approach, researchers say, comes close to equaling the current best treatment—a surgical transplant using a nerve stripped from another part of the patient's body.
Macrophages are known as the “Pac-Man” of the immune system and form the body's first line of defense against invasion—they indiscriminately engulf and eat most anything deemed a dangerous trespasser, whether it's a bacterium or cellular debris from deceased tissue. Recent research, however, has shown that some macrophages also promote healing.
In a study in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, researchers have shown that summoning these pro-healing macrophages can greatly help regrow severed nerves in rats.
“There's been a long-held view that the best way to regrow severed nerves is to provide all sorts of matrix and growth proteins to coax repair,” says Ravi Bellamkonda, professor of biomedical engineering and Vinik Dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University.
“We've completely shifted that view by finding new players who have remained behind the scenes. We believe this approach will also have a major impact on regenerative medicine, even beyond this specific application.”
The peripheral nervous system includes nerves that run from the spinal cord to the rest of the body. It connects and controls movements, the digestive system, heart, lungs, and other organs. When these relatively long cells—which can stretch for a meter or more—are damaged or severed, the injury is not easily healed.
The current standard of care, called an autograft, involves surgically removing a less important nerve, like the one running down the back of the calf, and grafting it into the damaged area. But the treatment has several drawbacks.
A sensory neuron replacing a motor neuron is not a perfect replacement, painful neuromas can occur at the healing site, the patient loses the function of another nerve, and, in the case of extensive injuries, there are only so many semi-disposable nerves in the body to harvest.
Researchers have long been working on an alternative approach using “nerve bridges” to span these gaps. The idea is to introduce a tube filled with growth factors and other goodies across the gap to coax the regrowth of the existing nerve, like luring a dog out of a hiding place with treats. But despite efforts to find the optimal combination of tube material, growth factors, proteins, and other helpers, nothing has come close to matching the autograft's success.
Bellamkonda and his group were traveling down this same road until some salamanders lost their tails.
“We saw a study showing that the early presence of macrophages were vital to a salamander's ability to regenerate its tail,” says Nassir Mokarram, an assistant research professor of biomedical engineering. “We also knew that rare instances of nerve regeneration were accompanied by a surge of these cells right after the injury occurred. Those two observations gave us the inspiration to see if the same idea could be applied with nerve bridges.”
In 2012, Bellamkonda and Mokarram showed that nerve regeneration could be increased in rats by forcing macrophages to become the pro-healing variety that secrete healing compounds. In the new paper, the researchers take their work a step further.
Instead of issuing orders to make mature macrophages switch roles, they filled the nerve bridge with a biological signal shown to attract younger, undifferentiated cells destined to become pro-healing macrophages.
“Instead of retraining the demolition and cleanup crew, we hired a new workforce with a future in construction,” says Mokarram.
“The results were significantly better. This is the closest anyone has ever been equaling the efficacy of an autograft, and we did it with nothing more than a tube and the recruitment of the body's own immune system,” he says.
The researchers next plan to test the approach using a specialized nanofiber material they developed that has already proven better at bridging nerve endings than the tubes used in this proof-of-concept study.
“We're the first group to prove this immunological approach to healing works with nerves in rodents,” says Mokarram. “We think this work will open a path to using similar methods in the much more complex and difficult arenas of the spinal cord and brain.”
The National Institutes of Health supported this work, which was done in close collaboration with a biologist at Emory University.
Source: Duke University
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
NEW YORK (AP) — Dick Clark Productions is hitting back against Mariah Carey's claim it sabotaged her live performance on its “New Year's Rockin' Eve” special.
Carey's disaster during the annual New Year's Eve special in Times Square made international headlines: The superstar vocally stumbled through her short set, failing to sing for most of it despite a pre-recorded track of her songs playing in the background.
Carey was visibly upset during the performance and afterward tweeted “(expletive) happens.” Her representative Nicole Perna blamed technical difficulties, and in an interview with Billboard she said Dick Clark Productions hampered Carey's performance.
“She was not winging this moment and took it very seriously,” Perna told Billboard. “A shame that production set her up to fail.”
Perna said Carey's earpiece wasn't working and she flagged the issue to the production team but was told it would be OK when she got on stage.
“However, that was not the case, and they were again told that her earpiece was not working,” Perna said. “Instead of endeavoring to fix the issue so that Mariah could perform, they went live.”
In a statement released on Sunday, the production company called such claims “absurd.”
“As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists,” it said. “To suggest that dcp (Dick Clark Productions), as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd.”
It said that in “very rare instances” there are technical errors that can occur with live television. It said an initial investigation, however, indicated it had no involvement in the challenges associated with Carey's performance.
“We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge her tremendous accomplishments in the industry,” it said.
A person familiar with the production of the show who asked for anonymity to speak publicly about the incident said all of the other performers, including Gloria Estefan, rehearsed onsite for their performances and Carey was there but had a stand-in for her rehearsal, atypical for the show's performers. The person said all of the monitors were working and no technical problems were found.
Ironically, Carey was Dick Clark Productions' first live performer for the broadcast in 2005, when it went off without any such problems.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
1:44 SLO County rock climbers take on Cabrillo Peak
2:33 Cheers and jeers: Pro wrestling match at The Graduate is a slamming good time
1:23 Crews install steel mesh along Hwy. 41 to prevent future rockslides
1:26 Here's how Caltrans is shoring up Hwy. 41 hillsides after the rockslide
1:02 Marijuana could find a home in this Grover Beach zone
1:56 Baby elephant seals eat, sleep and cuddle with their moms at the crowded Piedras Blancas rookery
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
A former Minister of Finance, Dr Kwabena Duffuor, says the government should consider placing a temporary moratorium on the transfer of deductions to statutory funds and rather use it to support budgetary expenditure.
He said the measure would give the government a free hand to use cheaper funds to prosecute the budget as opposed to borrowing from the domestic and international markets at expensive interest rates to finance budgeted expenditure.
Contributing to discussions at a pre-budget forum organised by a policy think tank, the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS), Dr Duffuor, who served as Finance Minister in the Prof. Atta Mills administration, said experience had showed that allocations to statutory funds had been one of the banes of fiscal flexibility to every administration.
That, he said, required that the country took a second look at the earmarked payments, which altogether consumed about 44 per cent of tax revenue.
“Why don't we begin to think of stopping all the revenue earmarked (for these funds) such that we can transfer a portion but not all. Why should we transfer and then begin to borrow,” he asked.
Currently, deductions into statutory funds together with wages and salaries for public sector workers and debt servicing expenses constitute about 44 per cent of total domestic revenues, thereby making government expenditure rigid.
Dr Duffuor, who founded the IFS, said the country needed to find innovative ways of restructuring its expenditure, while boosting revenues to help avoid the risks that such expenditure rigidities posed to the economy.
Beyond creating fiscal space for the government to operate in, the former Governor of the Bank of Ghana (BoG) said such an initiative would help reduce the country's appetite for debt, which had been on the rise in recent years.
Pre-Budget forum
Economic and social researchers at the institute made various presentations which touched on a number of challenges facing the country and how the current administration could start overcoming them, using its first budget due next month in Parliament.
The event, which was attended by Members of Parliament, diplomats and some government officials, was chaired by the Board Chairman of IFS, Mr Alex Ashiagbor, also a former Governor.
Negotiating tight corners
Contributing to suggestions on how the country can navigate its way out of the current economic conditions, he explained that a similar initiative was implemented in 2001, when the government temporarily held on to and used a portion of earmarked funds for discretionary expenditures until when economic conditions improved.
“At that time, I was the BoG Governor and some of the earmarked funds were not transferred because they wanted to have some space. Can we look at it again this year,” he quizzed.
Heritage Fund
Touching on the Heritage Fund, which is funded by petroleum revenue, Dr Duffour wondered why the country had chosen to invest its proceeds in short-dated investment instruments in spite of the fund's long-term nature.
As a vehicle for saving and investing the country's revenue from petroleum for posterity, the former minister said proceeds of the Heritage Fund needed to have been invested in long-term instruments in the domestic capital market.
While it was understandable for the country to invest short-term funds on short-dated instruments, he said it was not prudent to invest proceeds of the Heritage Fund in such instruments given the low rates they returned to investors.
“We are not going to use the funds right now; are we? So why are we investing them in short-term instruments?
“Well, for the statutory funds, we can invest them in short-term instruments, but with the Heritage Fund, I have a problem seeing them in short-term instruments,” he said.
The Chairman, Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS), Mr Babatunde Fowler says with the introduction of Voluntary Assets and Income Declaration Scheme (VAIDS), no Nigerian can evade tax payment.
Fowler said this at the 138th Quarterly Meeting of the Joint Tax Board (JTB) on Monday in Abuja.
The theme of the meeting was “Administering Voluntary Assets and Income Declaration Scheme (VAIDS) – 2017 in Nigeria: The role of stakeholders.''
Fowler, also the Chairman of JTB said every Nigerian would be held accountable with the introduction of the new scheme.
He said that the so-called “untouchable citizens'' were willing to pay tax without forcing them under the scheme.
According to him, the board has received positive response so far on the scheme.
To improve tax compliance, the Federal Government said tax offenders stand to enjoy 29 per cent waiver on overdue taxes if they take advantage of VAIDS.
The VAIDS programme is aimed at reducing tax payers' liability and creates more awareness on the statutory function of every working citizen to pay tax.
The scheme which started July 1, offers a window for those who, before now, have not complied with extant tax regulations to remedy their positions by providing them limited amnesty to enable voluntary declaration and payment of liabilities.
Fowler said the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) adopted between the FIRS and State Internal Revenue Service including that of VAIDS had been working very well.
“From the point of FIRS, all the money generated is shared between the three tiers of government; the collaboration between states and FIRS is improving.
“` I hope the collaboration will continue to get better,'' he said.
Fowler said that the JTB meeting had improved the collaboration between private and public sector.
He said the meeting would focus on the review of VAIDS and actions that would be taken after the implementation of the scheme.
“I will also want to thank the stakeholders for all the activities and the Acting President who is in the fore front of the tax drive.''
The meeting witnessed the handing over of the outgoing Executive Secretary and Incoming one.
The new Executive Secretary, Mr Oseni Elamah pledged to serve the body and to take it to a greater height.
“I pledge to serve you as a body and to also support each of you individually in your various capacities toward the realisation of Joint Tax Board in creating a tax friendly environment.
“I will also support you in fulfilling your mandate to optimise revenue for the various tiers of government,'' Elamah said.
Elamah is the immediate past Chairman of Edo State Internal Revenue Service.
Also speaking, Mr Mohammed Abubakar, the outgoing Executive Secretary of JTB urged the new official to take the board to greater height.
Abubakar, who served for seven years called on the members of the board to support Elamah to enable him succeed.
No fewer than 90 participants from JTB, FIRS, State Internal Revenue Service and representatives of Nigeria Governor's Forum attended the meeting.
NAN
A Louisville, Kentucky registered sex offender accused of masturbating in a public park denied the incident when questioned by police, saying instead he was startled by a groundhog while urinating.
According to the Louisville Courier-Journal, an unidentified victim spotted a man in a public park last Thursday. The man appeared to be following her and another person around the park with his pants down and his genitals exposed.
The man, 53-year-old Robert McCoy was arrested and charged with first-degree sexual abuse. But according to his statement to police, McCoy explained the incident as a misunderstanding.
He claims he was urinating in the park, when his pants fell down. He then claimed he was startled by a groundhog nearby and quickly turned around, possibly exposing himself to passersby.
According to WAVE-TV, McCoy is listed as a registered sex offender. He's due back in court on Aug. 21.
Alex Hider is a writer for the E.W. Scripps National Desk. Follow him on Twitter @alexhider.
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) – An Anchorage man suspected of leaving the scene of a fatal hit-and-run crash with a pedestrian has been arrested.
Anchorage police say 39-year-old Clyde Reynolds is charged with felony leaving the scene of an accident. Reynolds' attorney was not listed in online court documents.
Police were contacted Monday by Reynolds' attorney and Reynolds turned himself in.
Police arrested Reynolds in the death Saturday night of 24-year-old Jacob Askoak.
Police shortly before 11:30 p.m. took a call of a pedestrian struck near east Fourth Avenue and Boniface Parkway.
Askoak was declared dead at the scene.
Police on Monday asked the public for help finding a damaged Mercedes sport utility vehicle.
Police say they have recovered the vehicle used in the crash from Reynolds' home.
By Lansana Fofanah.
The National Social Security and Insurance Trust (NASSIT) has assured pensioners that the institution will do everything humanly possible to fast track payment of their pensions.
In an interactive session with the media over the weekend, the Head of Benefits, Edwin Kamara said that, the institution was dealing with over eighteen thousand pensioners including the Wounded in Action.
He said due to some misunderstanding, the Government of Sierra Leone set up a team comprising the Sierra Leone Labor Congress, the Anti Corruption Commission, the Sierra Leone Police, Ministry of Finance to verify all government pensioners, noting that seven thousand pensioners have already been verified.
Mr. Kamara said that before now, the Accountant General's Department used to handle payment of pensions, adding that since 2004 that mandate was passed over to NASSIT by the Government, because it has the established structures to handle it properly.
“In 2008, the International Military Advisory and Training Team (IMATT), and the Republic of Sierra Leone Armed forces RSLAF, decided to downsize the Army. As a result of that lots of soldiers who sustained injuries (Wounded in Action), during the rebel war were discharged from the Army on medical grounds. This was how we came about to handle the WIA's pensions scheme”, he said.
He noted that, they used to get a list of pensioners from government regularly for inclusion and that every batch coming has the stated amount which the pensioner is entitled to.
Clarifying why most of the pensioners are receiving what they called a pittance, Mr. Kamara said that NASSIT has nothing to do with the calculations of benefit, and most of the government pensioners could be traced back since railway days when the labor wages law was forty thousand Leones minimum wage. “We are only paid for administrative functions and we only institute what government ordered us to give”, he said.
He said that, the new labour law which states that, the minimum wages for workers should be five hundred thousand Leones, which has seen the least NASSIT pensioner receiving two hundred and fifty thousand Leones monthly upon retirement.
“All NASSIT contributors are not encountering any difficulties as most of them are receiving their pensions through banks.
Mr. Kamara said that the Trust is dealing with two types of pensioners; the Government and NASSIT.
For the government, there are certain laws which qualify a government worker to be entitled to pension despite the age. “Members of Parliament who have completed their two terms in Parliament automatically qualify for pension while the NASSIT requires the age of sixty”, he said.
The Head of Media, Osman Koroma said that contrary to what has been speculated, there has been no increase in government salaries for pensioners.
“NASSIT as a body exists for the people of Sierra Leone. Our goal is to ensure that every pensioner is satisfied upon retirement”, he said
He highlighted action plans underway to enable the Trust to operate based on international best practice.
Russel Westbrook, since the time he was seen in a commercial with the Lil Uzi Vert song ‘Now I do what I want' blaring, has made it clear that whether he wants to talk about it or not (the latter, mostly) he's been playing with a chip on his shoulder after Kevin Durant ditched them for Golden State.
In a new article on The Players' Tribune, Thunder center Enes Kanter said thanks to Westbrook's leadership, he's not the only one. It started, he wrote, when the rest of the basketball world expected the team to just give up with one of its stars leaving town.
From The Players' Tribune:
And of course — I mean, come on, of course — you knew that Russ was going to play with an extra edge this season, and try to prove all the haters and the doubters wrong. But what's been so great about this year, and what has been the real difference-maker for us … is how Russ has made our whole team play with an extra edge. Suddenly we are all playing with this big chip on our shoulder. Suddenly we are all taking the haters and the doubters very personally. And what's crazy is: I think pretty soon we all realized that we even like playing with this extra edge. And so it's like, our whole Thunder team — we go from having the toughest summer, and adjusting to this new position we're in … to now almost wanting to be in the position we're in. “Haters are gonna hate,” that's a classic Russ motto.
The Thunder need to find that edge again heading into their second playoff game against the Rockets — and another former teammate, James Harden.
Read more over at The Players' Tribune.
Andrea Rossi doesn't buy into the story that Europe is a dead end for growth. In fact, he sees luring Asian investors to his continent as one of the key ways Axa Investment Managers will expand in years to come.
The CEO of the Axa SA unit thinks institutional and retail investors from Asia's booming economies will increasingly want insurance and investment products. And more of them will want to buy from Europe, he says, because the political outlook is becoming more stable, growth is picking up and banks are in their best shape for years.
“Four years ago, most non-European investors were looking at Europe thinking it's going nowhere,” Rossi, a 51-year-old Swedish-Italian, said in an interview at Bloomberg's London headquarters. Now, “Japanese pension funds and insurers are all increasing their asset allocation to Europe, and we're taking a lot of that.”
Rising disposable income and aging populations are likely to drive spending on pensions and investments in Asia, where the number of middle-class families is projected to grow by as much as four times by 2030. China is already the world's second-biggest economy and India is starting to approach the U.K. and Germany in terms of output.
Axa Investment Managers has only a relatively small foothold in Asia at present and still generates 84 percent of its revenue from Europe. Since becoming chief executive officer in 2013, Rossi has increased assets under management by almost 200 billion euros ($247 billion) to 746 billion euros.
Outside Money
Rossi said he's particularly interested in growing the firm's third-party assets, which currently stand at 42 percent of the total -- and for that he needs new markets.
The firm has started joint ventures in Shanghai, Seoul and Mumbai and is betting particularly heavily on China, where it is last year received a Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise license, allowing it to run a business independently. The company's Hong-Kong based Axa IM Chorus team, which has more than 30 staff, launched its first investment strategy last year.
Rossi attributes his firm's success in taking these steps into Asia partly to its European roots, which he said gives it an inherent advantage over U.S. asset managers when selling European exposure.
More M&A
Simplifying the firm's message to clients and “becoming a little more Anglo-Saxon” in its marketing has also helped, Rossi said. And building from a relatively low market share in Asia means “it's pretty easy to double and double going up,” he said.
Also key to the money manager's future is industry consolidation. Axa confirmed last year it had been approached by several firms with a view to acquiring the asset-management business.
Axa was linked recently with Natixis SA -- a deal that fell apart, according to people familiar with the matter. But M&A will continue to be a theme, Rossi said, as firms struggle to cut costs and deal with increased regulatory scrutiny.
“There'll be a lot of consolidation,” he said, adding that the industry's biggest challenge is lowering unit costs. “I can probably manage double the business with pretty much a similar number of people” to what the company has now because of the benefits of technology, he said.
Risk and Compliance
In an M&A situation, “our strength is to have Axa behind us” for its risk and compliance framework, Rossi said, adding that since he arrived at the company he has tripled the number of compliance staff.
“I can go to a boutique and say, listen, you are doing one billion today,” Rossi said. “If you were with us I can give you the strength of distribution, I can give you seed money.”
The CEO doesn't expect a free ride in building the business, though, and predicts Asian money managers will increasingly compete with Europeans for the top-20 global positions in the industry. The market is currently dominated by U.S. firms with, he said, only a handful of European players at the top.
Rossi reckons the Americans will maintain their dominance but that some Chinese firms -- possibly names that aren't well known yet -- will emerge on the global scene.
“In five years' time, how many of those are going to be left?” Rossi said. Of the big European companies, “I hope some of us will still be there.”
By Louis Milman
Official White House Photo by Pete Souza(CHICAGO) — President Obama is preparing to give his farewell speech from his home city of Chicago.
“I'll go home to Chicago to say my grateful farewell to you, even if you can't be there in person,” he said in an email announcing the Tuesday, Jan. 10 speech.
He said his farewell speech, like a peaceful transfer of power, follows the precedent set by George Washington in 1796.
“I'm just beginning to write my remarks. But I'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here,” he wrote.
The email follows a series of tweets Sunday, in which he reflected on the past eight years.
He said in his email that while there has been a “fair share of challenges” since 2009 we've “come through them stronger.”
“That's because we have never let go of a belief that has guided us ever since our founding — our conviction that, together, we can change this country for the better,” he said. “So I hope you'll join me one last time. Because, for me, it's always been about you.”
Copyright © 2016, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Politics
Dallas Cowboys running back Darren McFadden (20) is chased by Philadelphia Eagles cornerback Nolan Carroll (22) during the second quarter at Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017. (Jae S. Lee/The Dallas Morning News)
Each week, SportsDayDFW columnist Rick Gosselin ranks each NFL team, 1 to 32. Below are his Week 17 rankings for the league:
1. New England. The 14-2 Patriots own home-field advantage in the AFC. But does it really matter? New England was the only NFL team to go 8-0 on the road this season.
Last week: 1
2. Dallas. The Cowboys have a franchise-record-tying 13 victories, home-field advantage in the NFC and two quarterbacks capable to taking them to a championship.
Last week: 2
3. Kansas City. It's no secret how the 12-4 Chiefs won the AFC West. They went 6-0 in the division. In fact, they were the only team in the NFL with a perfect division record.
Last week: 4
4. Atlanta. There have been 19 500-point offenses in NFL history. Quarterbacks of those offenses have been the NFL MVP 15 times. Atlanta's Matt Ryan quarterbacked the NFL's only 500-point offense this season.
Last week: 6
5. Pittsburgh. The Steelers and Seahawks enter the postseason as No. 3 seeds. Since the NFL began seeding the playoff bracket in 1990, only one 3 seed has won a Lombardi Trophy - the 2006 Colts.
Last week: 5
6. NY Giants. The Giants qualified for the playoffs as a wild card and enter the postseason as the NFC's No. 5 seed. Been there, done that. The Giants won an NFL title in 2007 as a fifth seed.
Last week: 8
7. Seattle. The first-round home game is huge for the NFC West champion Seahawks. They were one of four teams to share the NFL's best 7-1 home record this season along with Dallas, Houston and the Giants.
Last week: 9
8. Green Bay. The NFC North champion Packers enter the playoffs as the hottest team in the NFC with a five-game winning streak. QB Aaron Rodgers has not thrown an interception in his last seven games.
Last week: 10
9. Oakland. The Raiders were punchless offensively in the season finale without QB Derek Carr and it cost them the division title and a first-round bye. Now they'll go only as far as a backup QB can take them.
Last week: 3
10. Miami. The Raiders aren't the only team with quarterback problems. The Dolphins are without their starter Ryan Tannehill. Now they'll go only as far as Matt Moore can take them.
Last week: 7
11. Detroit. The Lions head to Seattle this weekend for a wild-card game looking for their first playoff victory since that 38-6 romp over the Cowboys in 1992 - Jimmy Johnson's only playoff loss.
Last week: 12
12. Houston. Bill O'Brien has captured back-to-back AFC South titles over the last two seasons with six different quarterbacks winning games for the Texans. That's good coaching.
Last week: 11
13. Tampa Bay. No playoffs this season for the 9-7 Bucs, but the arrow is definitely pointing up. QB Jameis Winston set franchise single-season records for passing yards (4,090) and TD passes (28).
Last week: 14
14. Tennessee. The Titans also missed the playoffs with a 9-7 record. They'll need to shore up their pass defense in 2017 to make a run. Tennessee allowed an NFL-high 11 100-yard receiving games in 2016.
Last week: 17
15. Denver. Just 16 games removed from a Super Bowl, the Broncos begin a coaching search with Gary Kubiak stepping down for health reasons. Denver also finished 9-7 this season.
Last week: 15
16. Washington. The Redskins finished with the NFL's third-best offense and second-best passing attack. But the NFL's 28th-ranked defense doomed Washington to an 8-7-1 non-playoff finish.
Last week: 13
17. Minnesota. The Vikings fielded a defense that was playoff-ready, finishing third in the NFL on that side of the ball. But an offense without Teddy Bridgewater and Adrian Peterson was too much to overcome.
Last week: 21
18. Indianapolis. Defensive end Robert Mathis retired after 13 seasons in Indianapolis with 123 career sacks, 17th most in NFL history. Not bad for a fifth-round draft pick out of tiny Alabama A&M.
Last week: 20
19. Baltimore. WR Steve Smith is retiring after 16 seasons with 1,031 receptions, the 12th most in NFL history. He closed out his career with a 70-catch season in 2016 at the age of 37.
Last week: 16
20. New Orleans. There have been only nine 5,000-yard passing seasons in NFL history and Drew Brees now has five of them for the Saints. He threw for 5,208 yards this season.
Last week: 18
21. Buffalo. The next coach of the 7-9 Bills must decide if he has a quarterback on his roster: Tyrod Taylor, E.J. Manuel or Cardale Jones. Remind me again, how did the Bills beat the Patriots in Week 4?
Last week: 19
22. Arizona. The 7-8-1 Cardinals led the NFL in sacks with 48 and, surprisingly, the bulk of them came on the road. Arizona had a pair of seven-sack games on the road, a six-sack game and 31 in all.
Last week: 23
23. Philadelphia. The 7-9 Eagles lost a season but found a quarterback. Carson Wentz set the NFL rookie record with 379 completions. He also passed for 3,782 yards, fourth best by a rookie in history.
Last week: 24
24. Cincinnati. How much did Andy Dalton miss A.J. Green? Without his Pro Bowl WR for the final six games of the season, Dalton threw a career-low 18 TD passes and the Bengals missed the playoffs.
Last week: 25
25. Carolina. The six victories by the Panthers mark the fewest by a defending NFC champion since the 2005 Philadelphia Eagles finished 6-10 following their Super Bowl loss.
Last week: 22
26. San Diego. The Chargers may or may not be leaving San Diego behind this offseason. But they are definitely leaving their head coach behind, firing Mike McCoy after a dismal 5-11 season.
Last week: 26
27. NY Jets. The 5-11 Jets drafted their QB of the future in Christian Hackenberg in the second round last April. He didn't take a snap or throw a pass as a rookie. His future - and that of the Jets -- begins this offseason.
Last week: 27
28. Los Angeles. This couldn't have been what Los Angelinos envisioned when the NFL returned to their city - a 4-12 team with the league's worst offense. The Rams have already fired their coach. Can the city fire the team?
Last week: 28
29. Jacksonville. Since firing Jack Del Rio after the 2011 season, the Jaguars have gone 17-63. Del Rio now has the Raiders in the playoffs. Jacksonville's postseason drought is at nine years and counting.
Last week: 29
30. Chicago. Coach John Fox needs to get his Bears to bear down on the road. Chicago was the only NFC team to go winless on the road this season, contributing mightily to their 3-13 record.
Last week: 30
31. San Francisco. Since ridding themselves of coach Jim Harbaugh, who took them to their last Super Bowl, the 49ers have won only seven of 32 games - and fired two more coaches in two years.
Last week: 31
32. Cleveland. It took 113 passes, but Robert Griffin III finally threw a TD pass for the Browns in his fifth start in the season finale against the Steelers. He threw for a season-high 232 yards and two TDs.
Last week: 32
Christian Craig has lived a life well beyond his years, going from the son of a top pro to an amateur recruit who didn't work out to leaving the sport and getting a real job to returning stronger than before.
He's also a dad who brings his wife and son to most of the races, and there's a reason for that—Christian has battled through the mental game of racing and says his son helps keep his mind off of the pressure and danger of racing motorcycles for a living. Before his unfortunate exit from the series due to a torn ACL, he opened up in a very revealing episode of the Racer X Exhaust podcast, presented by Yoshimura.
Subscribe via iTunes or your favorite podcast app by searching for the Racer X Podcast Network. It's also available on the Racer X Illustrated YouTube channel and Google Play Music and is coming soon to Spotify.
× Tickets and Tailgate: Win MU, KU or KState football tickets and Price Chopper gift card
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — FOX 4, the University of Missouri, University of Kansas and Kansas State University have a pair of tickets to give away to each home game. Price Chopper makes it even more fun by tossing in a $50 gift card to the prize package so you can tailgate!
First, decide which games you want to go to, then fill out the entry form and select the games you'd like to enter. Make sure you've checked your college football calendar and check the box next to the correct games!
To enter the contest for Mizzou football tickets click the Tiger. To enter the contest for Jayhawk football tickets, click Jayhawk.
And to enter the contest for Wildcat football tickets….. (you know what to do!)
By Abby Phillip,Karen DeYoung and Jenna Johnson, (c) 2017, The Washington Post
WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump's ouster of national security adviser Michael T. Flynn, and the circumstances leading up to it, have quickly become a major crisis for the fledgling administration, forcing the White House on the defensive and precipitating the first significant breach in relations between Trump and an increasingly restive Republican Congress.
Even as the White House described Trump's “immediate, decisive” action in demanding Flynn's resignation late Monday as the end of an unfortunate episode, senior GOP lawmakers were buckling under growing pressure to investigate it.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., said Tuesday that it was “highly likely” that the events leading to Flynn's departure would be added to a broader probe into Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election. Intercepts showed that Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions in a phone call with the Russian ambassador – a conversation topic that Flynn first denied and then said he later could not recall.
McConnell's comments followed White House revelations that Trump was aware “for weeks” that Flynn had misled Vice President Mike Pence and others about the content of his late December talks with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
White House counsel Don McGahn told Trump in a briefing late last month that Flynn, despite his claims to the contrary, had discussed U.S. sanctions imposed on Russia by the Obama administration in late December, press secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday. That briefing, he said, came “immediately” after Sally Yates, then the acting attorney general, informed McGahn on Jan. 26 about discrepancies between intercepts of Kislyak's phone calls and public statements by Pence and others that there had been no discussion of sanctions.
Trump brought in senior strategist Stephen Bannon and White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus to join the discussion with McGahn, according to two officials familiar with the conversations who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly.
McGahn then conferred with Yates again the following day, Jan. 27, to try to glean more information, these two officials said. Within the White House, the matter was viewed skeptically and Trump, Bannon, Priebus and McGahn for several days remained among the few people briefed, they said.
Over the next two weeks, the officials said, Flynn was asked multiple times about what exactly he had said. He brushed aside the suggestion that he had spoken about sanctions with the ambassador – denials that kept him afloat within the White House even as he was being actively evaluated, they said.
It was not until a Washington Post report last Thursday, in which Flynn was quoted as saying that he had no “recollection” of discussing sanctions but couldn't be sure that he hadn't, that the downward slide culminating in Monday's firing began, several administration officials said.
“We've been reviewing and evaluating this issue with respect to General Flynn on a daily basis for a few weeks, trying to ascertain the truth,” Spicer said at the daily White House press briefing. He emphasized that an internal White House inquiry had concluded that nothing Flynn discussed with the Russian was illegal, but that he had “broken trust” with Trump by not telling the truth about the talks.
When asked whether Trump told Flynn to talk to Kislyak about sanctions, Spicer responded: “No, absolutely not.”
Asked why Trump had waited nearly three weeks to act after what Spicer called a “heads-up” from the Justice Department, he said once the question of legality was settled, “then it became a phase of determining whether or not [Flynn's] action on this and a whole host of other issues undermined” Trump's trust. He declined to specify the “other issues.”
In an interview conducted early Monday and published Tuesday by the Daily Caller, Flynn said that he did not specifically discuss sanctions with Kislyak, but rather then-President Barack Obama's simultaneous expulsion of 35 Russian diplomats. He said he told the ambassador that “we'll review everything” following Trump's inauguration.
Current and former U.S. officials have said, however, that much of the conversation was about sanctions, and that Flynn suggested that Moscow not respond in kind to the expulsions – advice that Russian President Vladimir Putin took in declining to take retaliatory action.
Although Trump has not publicly mentioned his view of the sanctions, Spicer said the president “has made it very clear he expects the Russian government to de-escalate violence in Ukraine and return Crimea,” even as he hopes to cooperate with Putin on terrorism.
Asked Tuesday on a flight to Brussels about Flynn's ouster, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said it “has no impact” on his job. “It doesn't change my message at all, and who is on the president's staff is who I will work with,” Mattis said.
Mattis was on his way to a meeting of NATO defense ministers, who were expected to discuss their significant concerns about Russian aggression. During his confirmation hearing, Mattis placed Russia first among threats to U.S. security.
Officials inside the National Security Council described low morale and concern about the future. The “worthless” message at a five-minute staff meeting Tuesday morning, one official said, was, “Keep working hard. Don't leave.”
For those who knew and liked Flynn, another official said, “it's sad. He's a good man, and I hate to see this.”
Various accounts of the Flynn saga offered by White House officials in recent days have added to confusion about how the administration viewed Flynn's actions, who knew what and when they knew it.
News accounts about a Flynn-Kislyak conversation in late December – the day before Obama announced new sanctions related to Russian election interference – first surfaced in a David Ignatius column in The Washington Post on Jan. 12. Asked the next day whether they had talked about the sanctions in light of Trump's campaign and post-election pledges to better relations with Russia, White House officials said the subject had not been discussed.
Three days later, Pence told CBS's “Face the Nation” that Flynn had assured him personally there was no conversation about sanctions. Spicer offered similar assurances in a subsequent White House briefing.
On Jan. 24 or 25, based on discrepancies between comments by Pence and Spicer and what they knew from regular intercepts of Kislyak's calls, FBI agents interviewed Flynn. Details of that interview, first reported Tuesday by the New York Times, are unknown but they could expose Flynn to possible charges if he denied that he had discussed sanctions with Kislyak. That interview was followed by the Justice notice to McGahn, who immediately informed Trump and others, officials said.
After Trump ordered McGahn to review the matter, Spicer said, he quickly concluded that Trump's “instinctive” conclusion that the discussions were not illegal was correct. But some in the White House who had long distrusted Flynn began to contemplate his departure. CIA Director Mike Pompeo and Keith Kellogg, the National Security Council chief of staff, began attending intelligence briefings with Flynn.
“The president was sort of like: Until this matter is sorted out, I want buttressing,” said the senior official, one of several who discussed the sensitive matter on the condition of anonymity. “The idea was . . . if the president decides to pull the trigger, we need to make sure that we have some options.”
Flynn was eventually made aware of the White House investigation, which led to alarm among senior Trump aides when he initially told The Post, in a Feb. 8 interview, that there had been no discussion about sanctions. He revised his remarks to the paper the next day, saying through a spokesman that “while he had no recollection of discussing sanctions, he couldn't be certain that the topic never came up.”
The two accounts were published by the Post on the evening of Feb. 9.
“His story remained the same until that night,” Spicer told reporters in his office on Tuesday evening. “There was a story in The Post where there's a White House official that says that he could not recall. . . . Whatever that quote was is what matters. . . . His story remained the same until that night.”
Pence spokesman Marc Lotter told reporters that the vice president first became aware of the “incomplete information” Spicer had provided him by reading the same newspaper account.
Flynn was then questioned by McGahn, Pence and Priebus, who the official said was so frustrated that his tone became more that of a litigator than a colleague.
Asked Friday aboard Air Force One about The Post reporting that Flynn allegedly had not told the truth about the calls, Trump said he was not familiar with it.
“I don't know about that. I haven't seen it. What report is that? I haven't seen that. I'll look into that,” Trump told reporters on the plane.
Spicer said Tuesday that Trump was responding only to a question about The Post report and was not speaking about the overall issue of Flynn's contact with the Russian ambassador and his discussion of sanctions.
After discussing the situation throughout the weekend at Trump's Florida resort, a final decision was made on Monday night by Trump, along with Priebus and senior advisers Bannon and Jared Kushner, to tell Flynn to resign, officials said.
That is a notably different version of events than the one offered Monday night, when administration officials characterized Flynn's departure as voluntary. One senior White House official said Monday that Trump had not fired Flynn but that he had made the decision to resign on his own because of “the cumulative effect” of damaging news coverage.
– – –
Robert Costa, Dan Lamothe, Ellen Nakashima and Ashley Parker contributed to this report.
– – –
Video: Here's why Trump's national security adviser Michael Flynn resigned after just 24 days
President Trump's national security adviser Michael Flynn resigned Feb. 13 after revelations that he had discussed sanctions on Russia with the Russian ambassador to the U.S. prior to Trump taking office. Here's what you need to know. (Deirdra O'Regan / The Washington Post)
Short URL: http://wapo.st/2lLoHQd
Embed code: //www.washingtonpost.com/video/c/embed/a2d07228-f2b7-11e6-9fb1-2d8f3fc9c0ed
– – –
Video: Senate Republicans: Intelligence Committee will investigate Flynn contact with Russia
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) told members of the media that the Senate Intelligence Committee will likely include former national security adviser Michael Flynn's contact with Russian officials as part of a probe into Russian interference in the 2016 election, on Feb. 14 at the Capitol. (The Washington Post)
Short URL: http://wapo.st/2lMPlIi
Embed code: //www.washingtonpost.com/video/c/embed/b6f5dad2-f2ed-11e6-9fb1-2d8f3fc9c0ed
HP Inc. has received the official go-ahead for its acquisition of Samsung's rival printer business from the Chinese Ministry of Commerce, but the deal comes with restrictions including an absolute moratorium on banning the use of third-party consumables.
HP Inc., which operates the consumer-focussed half of post-split Hewlett Packard, announced a $1.05 billion (around £800 million) deal to acquire the printer business of rival Samsung Electronics back in September 2016. Although at the time the company had hoped to close the deal quickly, a year on and it has only now received official approval from the Chinese Ministry of Commerce - and it comes with a few caveats.
In a statement issued to press late last night the Ministry of Commerce told HP it could go ahead with the purchase so long as the sale of A4-format laser printers in the region are carried out under fair and reasonable terms which do not exploit the company's expensively-acquired market share. The Ministry also requires that HP does not acquire stakes in any other printer company operating in China, even minority stakes.
A bigger limitation levelled against the company, according to a copy of the as-yet unpublished statement acquired by newswire agency Reuters comes in a requirement that HP make no efforts to 'adapt its printers to restrict compatibility with third parties or claim in advertising that its printers are not compatible with other suppliers,' - suggesting the Chinese authorities have been watching the company's actions in locking down its ink-based printers against third-party consumables.
HP has indicated it hopes to finalise the acquisition by the end of the year.
A small painting on show at Abbotsford, near Tweedbank, is causing a big stir amoing art historians.
Research and scientific analysis suggest that the postcard-size painting of author Walter Scott and his family at Abbotsford, the writer's home from 1812 until his death in 1832 at the age of 61, could be a hitherto-unknown watercolour by JMW Turner.
A portrait of author Walter Scott.
The pocket-sized watercolour, measuring 5.5in by 3.5in, was discovered at a London auction house and is now on loan to the Abbotsford Trust as part of its current exhibition, Turner and Scott: The Painter and the Poet.
The trust suspects that the painting might be a family memento created during a visit by London-born Joseph Mallord William Turner, alive from 1775 to 1851, to Scott's home in the summer of 1831.
It now hopes to shed light on the mystery 200 years after the artist and the writer first met in 1818.
It is backing ongoing research into the history and composition of the picture and is encouraging all those curious about its story to go and see it for themselves.
A self-portrait by JMW Turner.
The little painting has been subjected to pigment analysis and infrared imaging in a bid to establish its provenance.
If genuine, it might be an early version of another painting of Abbotsford used as the inspiration for an engraving published in Memoirs of the Life of Sir Walter Scott, a commemorative biography published after the writer's death.
Kirsty Archer-Thompson, collections and interpretation manager for the trust and curator of the exhibition, said: “This painting is, quite frankly, electric.
“Everything about it, from the minutiae in the detail and the use of scraping out highlights, to the evolution of its composition from pencil sketch to painting – a whole world only visible through infrared scanning – suggests to me that it is not the work of a copyist.
“All of this analysis, including work by painting analysis expert Libby Sheldon, demonstrates that it was executed by an astonishingly skilled hand.
“Turner was a master of these highly intricate and delicate watercolour illustrations, two of which are already owned by the Abbotsford Trust.
“Everything about this little painting feels authentic and consistent with the great man.
“I hope that we can prove the theory with the help and support of enthusiasts and experts in the art world.”
“We know that when Turner stayed here at Abbotsford in August 1831, Scott was keen to point out particular artworks in his collection.
“One of the paintings Turner would most definitely have seen is a view of Abbotsford and the River Tweed by the Scottish artist Elizabeth Nasmyth. This painting is from exactly the same vantage point as the watercolour we believe Turner painted.
“Scott had a personal attachment to the Nasmyth painting and its composition, and my theory is that this gave Turner the idea to compose the same scene, which he based on sketches in the Abbotsford sketchbook used during his visit in 1831.
“These sketches can be explored digitally as part of our exhibition. There are plenty of examples of artworks gifted privately by Turner to his patrons, and I believe this painting of Scott, his family and his beloved home was a commemorative piece with a whole layer of hidden meaning.”
Trust chairman James Holloway, a former director of the Scottish National Portrait Gallery in Edinburgh, added: “It is wonderful for Abbotsford to be able to show such a fascinating painting.
“It will intrigue and delight our visitors. To think that we are publicly displaying the watercolour for the very first time since it was painted by Turner is also tremendously exciting.”
Scott and Turner's business partnership began in 1818 and culminated in the publication of Turner's illustrated editions of Scott's poetry and prose works after the author's death in 1832.
The exhibition runs until the end of November. For further details, go to www.scottsabbotsford.com
By Fatmata Gbla.
Principal Magistrate Santigie Bangura of the Siaka Stevens Street Magistrate Court No.1 yesterday remanded two accused people, Alimamy Sesay and Lamin Mansaray at the Pademba Road Male Correctional Centre for conspiracy to commit a crime contrary to law.
According to the complainant, he said he is the Sales and Marketing Officer at the Salma Enterprise. He recognized the first accused person Alimamy Sesay as a driver in the company and the second accused, Lamin Mansaray as a laborer at the office and do recall the 10th April 2018.
The witness said on that day after supplying their customers their products he put the money in the back of the truck and the 2nd accused locked the truck with a padlock and he held on to one of the keys whilst the 2nd accused also held on to the other key.
They sat in front of the vehicle; they proceeded and collected some money at Masingbi, Magburaka and Makeni. He said he placed all the money at the back of the truck and locked got it locked.
On their way to Freetown the witness said they stopped at Gbere Junction to refill the fuel he went to buy bread whilst both accused refilled the tank.
At Mile 38 the witness said they were stopped by the Police for a security check, and they were asked to produce one supply of what they were carrying in the truck, he said he instructed the 2nd accused to get the sample and the both accused went to the truck and bring the sample.
On their way at Siaka Stevens Street the 1st accused come out of the vehicle had problem and he asked the accused to bring the bag of cloth and the money to the front seat of the vehicle and they told him the money was not there and he asked the 2nd accused how could that be possible when he knew that everything was there.
The witness said he later reported the matter to the Manager about the missing bag containing seventy one million four hundred thousand Leones (Le71,403,000,00) and they went to CID Headquarters for statement.
The accused persons were arraigned on two counts of conspiracy to commit a crime and Larceny by Servant contrary to Section 17(1) (a) of the Larceny act 1916.
According to the particulars of offence the two accused, Alimamy Sesay and Lamin Mansaray on Wednesday 10th April 2018 conspired together it is other person unknown to commit a crime and on the same date and place belief a servant employed by Salma Enterprise Limited stole the sum of seventy one million four hundred and three thousand (Le71,403,000,00) property of the said Salma Enterprise Limited.
The matter adjourned to the 26 April 2018.
Mam charged with possessing heroin at Kane County jail
hello
A 26-year-old North Aurora man has been charged with smuggling three packets of heroin into the Kane County jail, according to court records and authorities.
Kelly E. Dunn Jr., of the 0-99 block of North Grace Street, was arrested Dec. 30 on a warrant for contempt of court, according to Kane County Sheriff Lt. Pat Gengler. On Jan. 3, jail guards found three packets of suspected heroin under Dunn's mattress during a routine check of his cell, according to Gengler and Kane County court records.
Gengler said the drugs had to be sent to the crime lab for testing, and Dunn was released from jail Jan. 11. A warrant was issued and Dunn was arrested Saturday in Aurora Township for a disturbance call, Gengler said.
Gengler ruled out the possibility the drugs could have been given to Dunn by a visitor. Gengler said Sheriff Donald Kramer is considering the use and purchase of a body scanner for incoming inmates.
"For visiting there is not nor has there been contact between a detainee and visitor they are done via video. The visitor does not even go to the cellblock they use a kiosk in the lobby area," Gengler wrote in an email. "For the past several months the sheriff and jail administrative staff have been exploring a full-body scanner for use in the jail. This would be something that is used at the time of booking and hopefully be less intrusive to the detainee during the intake process as well as helping to locate contraband that is hidden on the person."
Dunn has previous convictions for truancy, possession of marijuana and a 2012 felony burglary of a Batavia apartment for which he received 30 months' probation and was ordered to pay $1,164, according to court records. He also is accused of driving while license suspended and giving a Batavia police officer a fake name in October 2016, records show.
Dunn is held at the Kane County jail and is due in court Thursday.
If convicted on the heroin charge, he faces four to 15 years in prison, but probation also is an option. The misdemeanor charges of driving while license suspended and obstructing identification are misdemeanors that carry a top punishment of 364 days in jail.
Jeff Bezos Faces Berlin Protest
Jeff Bezos was in Berlin to accept a prize for innovation. He was met by hundreds of protesters calling out Amazon's tax policy and its treatment of workers #tictocnews https://bloom.bg/2K7D1iV (Source: Bloomberg)
MIAMI (WSVN) - Is Venezuela behind a plot to kill one of its most outspoken critics in the United States? Sen. Marco Rubio is reportedly not taking any chances.
The Miami Herald reported that Florida's junior senator has been under increased protection, both in Washington, D.C. and in South Florida, since a threat against his life was uncovered by U.S. intelligence, last month.
According to the report, officials believe Diosdado Cabello, a top Venezuelan government official, may have already hired “unspecified Mexican nationals” to carry out his assassination plan.
On Friday, Rubio sat down with 7News and again called out the country's socialist leadership. “The answer to Venezuela is not a military coup or civil war or violence. The answer to Venezuela is an election, under their own constitution. Have an election,” he said. “Of course, the leaders there don't want to have an election 'cause they'll lose, and some of the people who are leaders in Venezuela are narco-traffickers, so they think, if they lose, they'll be out of power, they'll be extradited, tried in the United States for drug crimes, so they're going to do everything they can to hold on to power.”
A spokesperson for U.S. Capitol Police declined to elaborate on security measures being taken to ensure Rubio's safety, issuing a statement that read, “We do not comment on how we carry out our protective responsibilities for Congress.”
At least 124 people have been killed protesting Venezuela's government in recent months.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (AP) — Ira Gerhart finally found a place last year to fulfill his yearslong dream of opening a brewery: a 1923 Presbyterian church. It was cheap, charming and just blocks from downtown Youngstown.
But soon after Gerhart announced his plans, residents and a minister at a Baptist church a block away complained about alcohol being served in the former house of worship.
“I get it, you know, just the idea of putting a bar in God's house,” Gerhart said. “If we didn't choose to do this, most likely, it'd fall down or get torn down. I told them we're not going to be a rowdy college bar.”
With stained glass, brick walls and large sanctuaries ideal for holding vats and lots of drinkers, churches renovated into breweries attract beer lovers but can grate on the spiritual sensibilities of clergy and worshippers.
At least 10 new breweries have opened in old churches across the country since 2011, and at least four more are slated to open in the next year. The trend started after the 2007 recession as churches merged or closed because of dwindling membership. Sex abuse settlements by the Roman Catholic Church starting in the mid-2000s were not a factor because those payments were largely covered by insurers, according to Terrence Donilon, spokesman for the Archdiocese of Boston.
Gerhart's is scheduled to open this month after winning over skeptics like the Baptist minister and obtaining a liquor license.
“We don't want (churches) to become a liquor store,” said Michael Schafer, spokesman for the Archdiocese of Cincinnati, which has imposed restrictions on turning closed churches into beer halls. “We don't think that's appropriate for a house of worship.”
At the Church Brew Works in Pittsburgh, an early church-turned-brewery that opened in 1996, patrons slide into booths crafted from pews. Towering steel and copper vats sit on the church's former altar. Yellow flags line the sanctuary emblazoned with the brewery's motto: “ON THE EIGHTH DAY. MAN CREATED BEER.”
Owner Sean Casey bought the former church because it was cheap and reminded him of beer halls he used to frequent in Munich. Aficionados cite its rustic decor as a major draw.
“It's got that ‘wow' factor,” said Jesse Anderson-Lehnan, 27. “But it still feels like a normal place, it doesn't feel weird to come and sit at the bar and talk for a few hours.”
When St. John the Baptist Church was desanctified and sold to Casey, Roman Catholics in the diocese voiced their opposition, leading to the deed restrictions to stop other closed churches from becoming bars and clubs.
While the Diocese of Cincinnati also has imposed such restrictions, it's unclear how much company it and Youngstown have. Limits also exist in the Diocese of Altoona-Johnstown, Pennsylvania, while the Boston Archdiocese says it solicits proposals from potential buyers and screens them to make sure they're in line with Catholic values.
Churches are uniquely difficult to renovate, preservationists say. Large stained windows and cavernous sanctuaries are tough to partition into condominiums. Historic landmark protections can bar new owners from knocking down some churches, leading them to sit empty and decay.
But the same vaulted ceilings that keep housing developers away from churches also lend them an old-world air hard to replicate elsewhere, making former houses of worship particularly suitable as dignified beer halls.
There, even clergy members sometimes aren't so opposed to quaffing a pint. Some are regulars at the Church Brew Works, Casey said, where they can order Pipe Organ pale ale or Pious Monk dark lager.
Cincinnati's Taft's Ale House kicked off its grand opening in the 167-year-old St. Paul's Evangelical Protestant Church with a “blessing of the beers.” A television report at the time shows the Rev. John Kroeger, a Catholic priest, giving the blessing.
“God of all creation, you gift us with friends, and food and drink,” he said, eyes cast upward. “Bless these kegs, and every keg that will be brewed here. Bless all those freshened here, and all those gathered in the days, and months, and years to come!”
Follow @insidefutbol
Fixture: Arsenal vs Everton
Competition: Premier League
Kick-off: 17:30 (UK time)
Arsene Wenger has named his Arsenal squad that will take on Everton in a Premier League clash at the Emirates Stadium this evening.
The Arsenal manager has decided to unleash new signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang despite concerns over his fitness and he will receive support from attacking midfielders in the form of Mesut Ozil and former Borussia Dortmund team-mate and fellow January addition Henrikh Mkhitaryan.
Granit Xhaka and Aaron Ramsey will look to form the midfield base for Wenger's side today, with Alex Iwobi also making the cut in the starting eleven. Laurent Koscielny and Shkodran Mustafi will form the centre-back pairing. Alaxandre Lacazette and Jack Wilshere are two of the options on the bench for the Gunners
Wenger will be desperate to get a win on home turf as he is aware that he cannot afford to let Arsenal slip up further in the race for a top four finish after a couple of recent dodgy results.
Arsenal Team vs Everton
Cech, Bellerin, Mustafi, Koscielny, Monreal, Xhaka, Ramsey, Iwobi, Mkhitaryan, Ozil, Aubameyang
Substitutes: Ospina, Chambers, Kolasinac, Maitland-Niles, Elneny, Wilshere, Lacazette
A federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit by a New York credit union that had challenged President Trump's appointment of Mick Mulvaney as acting director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
In his decision Thursday, U.S. District Judge Paul Gardephe said the lawsuit brought by the Lower East Side People's Federal Credit Union lacked standing.
"The mere fact that plaintiff is regulated by the CFPB does not confer standing to bring this suit," Gardephe wrote in a 20-page opinion. "Plaintiff's speculation regarding the future actions of third parties is not sufficient to establish an imminent injury."
A federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit by a New York credit union that had challenged President Trump's appointment of Mick Mulvaney as acting director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Bloomberg News
The credit union filed the lawsuit in December claiming that Leandra English, the CFPB's deputy director, was the rightful interim head of the bureau.
"We are disappointed in the court's ruling and respectfully disagree with it," said Ilann Maazel, a lawyer for Lower East Side People's Federal Credit Union, known as LESPFCU.
The credit union had launched its legal challenge as English herself fought Mulvaney's appointment. In her own lawsuit, she argued that the Dodd-Frank Act provides for the deputy director to become the acting chief in the absence of a Senate-confirmed director. Former CFPB Director Richard Cordray, who stepped down in November, had installed English as the agency's No. 2 in the hopes that she would succeed him.
English lost her case but was granted an expedited appeal by a federal appeals court this week in her efforts to unseat Mulvaney.
The credit union has argued that because it is subject to the rulemaking authority of the CFPB, it was unclear "how much longer existing CFPB rules will remain in effect, or if planned-for CFPB rules will in fact be going into effect as expected."
The credit union, which serves mostly immigrants and low-income customers, had raised concerns that Mulvaney might change the CFPB's prepaid rule and Home Mortgage Disclosure Act requirements. Mulvaney halted the prepaid rule in late December and also said he plans to reopen the agency's HMDA rule.
Gardephe wrote that the credit union had to show it had suffered actual or concrete harm.
More of that, please.
After a wild game one that featured ten goals and four lead changes, Vegas and Washington reconvene Wednesday night for the second game of the Stanley Cup final. Game 2 odds are not too different from the opener, but the series price has adjusted for the Vegas' victory.
Stanley Cup Game 2 Odds
The Las Vegas Golden Knights are once again favored, priced at -144 on the moneyline. The Capitals, trailing in a series for the fourth time this postseason, are +136 according to OddsShark.com
The numbers are far more different with the -1.5 goal spread. That's where Vegas is +190 and Washington is -210 getting 1.5 goals, suggesting oddsmakers believe this will be another close game.
At some sites, you can still bet on the series result. With Vegas up one game, Bodog has them priced at -220 to win the series. Alternatively, the Capitals are +180 to come back and win the series.
Stanley Cup Game 2 Pick
At the start of the third period of Game 1, Vegas and Washington were tied at three. The Capitals scored the first goal of the third period, but it was the result of Marc-Andre Fleury accidentally kicking the puck into his own net. Washington didn't actually put the puck in the net at all in the third period, surrendering three goals to Vegas' fourth line en route to a 6-4 defeat.
It's not the first time Fleury has surrendered four goals in the postseason. But it's worth nothing that each time it's happened during this run (three times) he's responded with a great start (.932 save percentage).
Bounceback aside, this is a must-win for the Capitals. Since the Stanley Cup final went to seven games, teams that have started the series 2-0 have won the cup over 90 percent of the time. It's even happened in the last four Cups. In the only times the visitor has come back to win the series, it's lasted seven games.
In fact, if you wanted to throw a series bet on the Capitals right now, you might as well go full prop degenerate and bet them to win in seven. That's where we're headed if and only if the Capitals can stop this momentum.
How can they do that? It could start with production from their stars. While the Knights are collecting goals from their fourth line, Alex Ovechkin and Evgeny Kuznetsov combined for just one assist each in Game 1.
On top of great production on the ice, Vegas benefits from world-class production off the ice. The crowd inside T-Mobile Arena continues to be insane, and it's the reason Vegas is now 7-1 in the postseason at home. Their only home loss came to Nashville in double overtime.
If there was any “feeling out” to be done in Game 1, it happened on the fly. Caps goalie Braden Holtby, who shut out Tampa Bay in the last two games of the conference finals, gave up too many rebounds in the opener. But stats aside for Holtby, this is how Vegas likes to play. Vegas wants to go up and down, and that can create scoring chances at both ends of the ice. During their playoff run, seven of their last nine games have gone over the standard 5.5 goal scoring total set by oddsmakers.
Tough call here other than the over, which I'll be locking in for every game in Vegas this series. This is a must-win for the Capitals, which feels dumb saying because it's the Stanley Cup and every game is a must-win.
Given the pace inside the arena and the heat outside, it's no surprise the ice quality will become an issue in this series. With a bouncing puck and evenly-matched teams, I'm going to keep taking Vegas at home until they prove me wrong.
Prediction: Vegas wins 3-2
By Hayden Wright
A trailer has been released for the next sequence of Carpool Karaoke videos, and the lineup is stellar. The CBS late-night segment will stream on Apple Music in a similar format, but with new guests and even crazier moments behind the wheel. The concept, which has broken YouTube records and dominated social media, remains as simple and delightful as ever. Only this time, a rotating cast of celebrities will replace James Corden.
Related: Adele's ‘Carpool Karaoke' is the Most Popular Viral Video of 2016
Here are the moments we're most excited for:
Metallica making their headbanging mark on Rihanna's “Diamonds” with Billy Eichner.
John Legend duetting on with Alicia Keys on her breakout hit, “Falling.”
Ariana Grande belting the Little Shop of Horrors soundtrack with Seth MacFarlane.
James Corden's return with Will Smith — they rap the Fresh Prince theme!
Chelsea Handler slinging whiskey and singing Bon Jovi's “Living on a Prayer” with Blake Shelton.
Corden also presides over an epic, R. Kelly-inspired key change for the Carpool Karaoke franchise — there's a helicopter.
A new installment will drop on Apple Music each week and the premiere is “coming soon.”
Watch the preview here:
Redshirt junior guard Jasmine Sina scored a game-high 15 points while senior center Alyssa James added 14 points, 10 rebounds and four blocks, leading Binghamton (6-4) to a 67-36 win over NJIT (0-10) in a non-conference women's basketball game on Sunday afternoon at Dr. Bai Lee Court at the Events Center. With their second straight win, the Bearcats are off to their best 10-game start since the 2010-11 season.
Sina, whose 15 points represents her season high, went 5-for-9 from beyond the three-point arc. James, meanwhile, notched her second double-double in the past three games as well as the 14th of her career.
Defense, however, was the key to Binghamton's win. After holding Bryant to 47 points on Thursday, the Bearcats limited the Highlanders to just 23.7 percent shooting from the field (14-of-59). They also recorded 12 steals and scored 24 of their points off of turnovers.
"I'm really proud of our defensive effort today," head coach Linda Cimino said. "Holding a team to under 40 points at this level is not an easy task. I also thought we moved the ball really well on offense. We were able to get that extra pass and that helped to propel our offense."
Nursing a 17-13 lead after the first period, Binghamton held NJIT to just nine points in the second period and three points in the third period. Offensively, the Bearcats scored 40 points during that stretch to take a 57-25 lead. The Bearcats were able to sub in their bench for most of the fourth period.
Senior guard Imani Watkins added 10 points to go along with nine rebounds, five assists and three steals. She now has 1,658 career points and moves into 26th place all time in America East history. She entered the game tied with Alison Dixon of Boston University (1997-01) with 1,648 career points. Watkins remains in third place all time in Binghamton program history.
James now has 208 career blocks, which continues to rank third all-time in Binghamton program history and fourth the America East. In second place in the Binghamton record books – and third in the America East – is Laura Franceski (2005-09) with 218 career rejections.
Sina, meanwhile, moves into sixth place all time in program history with 180 career three-point field goals. Against NJIT, she surpassed Cathy Mackin (1994-98) who hit 179 career treys.
Sophomore guard Kai Moon finished with seven points and tied Watkins for the game-high with five assists. Off the bench, sophomore guard Karlee Krchnavi grabbed eight rebounds.
NJIT was led in scoring by Ellyn Stoll, who finished with 11 points.
Binghamton is off until Dec. 18, when it travels to Cornell for a 7 p.m. game.
Courtesy: BU Athletics Department
The class of quarterbacks in the 2018 NFL draft class has the potential to be historically good. As many as six passers could go in the first round, and four of them could be gone by pick No. 5. It's a diverse group of quarterbacks, all offering different strengths and weaknesses. We'll help you pick out the one who is right for you with this handy interactive flow chart…
Ralph Freso/Getty Images
Today's special election in Arizona's 8th district to replace Congressman Trent Franks hasn't garnered nearly the attention of the other high-profile races of the past year. That's understandable, as the odds of Republicans keeping the seat seem, outwardly, very good. The district went for Trump by 21 points in 2016 and Republicans hold a wide lead over Democrats in the over 150,000 early ballots that have already been cast.
Most votes in the election will have been cast by mail, which works to the GOP's advantage, given that Democrats can't ride on increased enthusiasm and turnout at the polls. “It's probably not a coincidence that Dems have struggled in low turnout specials where a majority of the votes have been cast by mail, like in Florida and Washington State,” the New York Times' Nate Cohn tweeted Tuesday afternoon.
Yet, there's reason to believe the race is close: averaged, three recent polls give Republican state Senator Debbie Lesko a lead of only about three points over Democrat Hiral Tipirneni, a medical research advocate running on a Medicare buy-in. If that lead holds and Tipirneni loses narrowly, it'll be another good sign for Democrats hoping to do well in red state elections, including Arizona's Senate race, come November. And a win for Tipirneni would be cause for real alarm among Republican campaign groups which, wary of taking the race fully for granted, have spent around $1 million in the district.
The 8th's demographics should soothe them a bit, as the district is both whiter and far older than the median House seat. But, that doesn't mean it's curtains for Tipirneni, and tonight's results will be well worth parsing in any case.
The indie rockers who brought you ‘Pumped Up Kicks,' Foster The People, are bringing their 2017 World Tour to the Cleveland Agora Theatre this June!
WHEN: Saturday, June 3rd
WHERE: Cleveland Agora Theatre
TICKETS: $35 general admission. On Sale NOW. Click this link to buy.
VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA--(Marketwired - Oct. 6, 2017) - Raj Chowdhry announces his holdings in AsiaBaseMetals Inc. ("AsiaBaseMetals" or the "Company") (TSX VENTURE:ABZ) pursuant to the early warning requirements of applicable securities laws in Canada. Raj Chowdhry sold 200,000 common shares in the capital of the Company (the "Shares") through the facilities of the TSX Venture Exchange. Immediately after the sale of the Shares, which settled on October 5, 2017, Mr. Chowdhry held 11,695,730 common shares in the capital of the Company, which represents 48.46% of the Company's 24,133,685 issued and outstanding common shares on a non-diluted basis or 48.89% of the Company's issued and outstanding common shares on a partially-diluted basis assuming the exercise of Mr. Chowdhry's incentive stock options only. Immediately before the sale of the Shares, Mr. Chowdhry beneficially owned and controlled a total of 11,895,730 common shares in the capital of the Company, representing 49.29% of the Company's issued and outstanding common shares on a non-diluted basis. Aggregate consideration of $38,000 ($0.19 per Share) was received by Mr. Chowdhry in connection with the transaction. Mr. Chowdhry disposed of the Shares for investment purposes and, as disclosed in the early warning report accompanying this news release, intends to evaluate his investment in the Company and to increase or decrease his beneficial shareholdings from time to time as he may determine appropriate for investment purposes.
For additional information, or for a copy of the early warning report filed in respect of the above transaction, please contact Raj Chowdhry.
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - Feb. 15, 2017) - Rio Novo Gold Inc. (TSX:RN)(TSX:RN.WT) ("Rio Novo" or the "Company") is pleased to announce that it has completed a non brokered private placement of 12,271,763 Ordinary Shares of the Company to Adair Investments Ltd. ("Adair"), a private Bahamas based company, at an issue price of Cdn.$0.12 per share, for an aggregate subscription amount of Cdn.$1,472,612.
The number of Ordinary shares issued by this private placement is 7.37% of the currently outstanding Ordinary shares, and the issue price was at an approximately 17% discount to the 5 day V-WAP market price as at the date of the agreement. These shares are subject to the four month hold period prescribed under Canadian securities laws.
The proceeds of the private placement have been used for exploration license option payments in respect of the Company's Almas project.
About Rio Novo
Rio Novo is focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of gold properties in Brazil and Colombia.
The Company's goal is to become a producer of gold by bringing the Almas Gold Project, located in the State of Tocantins in Brazil, into production. Almas Project enjoys both established infrastructure, main grid hydropower in a proven and mining friendly jurisdiction and is permitted for construction.
This press release contains forward-looking statements. All statements, other than of historical fact, that address activities, events or developments that the Company believes, expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future (including, without limitation, statements regarding the estimation of mineral resources, exploration results, potential mineralization, potential mineral resources and mineral reserves) are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are often identifiable by the use of words such as "anticipate", "believe", "plan", may", "could", " would", "might" or " will", "estimates", "expect", "intend", "budget", "scheduled", "forecasts" and similar expressions or variations (including negative variations) of such words and phrases. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, without limitation, failure to establish estimated mineral resources, the possibility that future exploration results will not be consistent with the Company's expectations, the price of gold and other risks identified in the Company's most recent annual information form filed with the Canadian securities regulatory authorities on SEDAR.com. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made and, except as may be required by applicable securities laws, the Company disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements.
TORONTO — It was a series of unfortunate events that led to the mixup, and Alex Minassian has spent the last 24 hours trying to set the record straight — he's not the driver of a van that mowed down pedestrians on a busy Toronto street.
Minassian, 24, shares a last name with 25-year-old Alek Minassian, who is now charged with 10 counts of murder in connection with the incident, which took place Monday afternoon on a busy street in north Toronto. Alek Minassian is also facing 13 counts of attempted murder.
Both men are from Richmond Hill, Ont.
Shortly after the van attack, Alex Minassian said he was contacted by several American news outlets that assumed he was the van driver police had taken in to custody.
His Facebook profile was posted on several social media sites including Reddit, 4Chan and Twitter, naming him as the suspect in the tragedy. But that one different letter was important to Alex Minassian — who said he is not related to the alleged killer and that Minassian is a common name in Armenia and Iran.
NBC first contacted him and his family, he said. Then other news agencies followed. His family was worried, he said.
“They knew I was innocent, but feared the negative backlash,” he said.
It didn't help that later in the afternoon Facebook shut down Alek Minassian's profile, leaving just Alex Minassian from Richmond Hill, Ont., on the social media site.
By 5 p.m., Alex Minassian had had enough.
“Not me. No connection. NBC, ABC, CBC, stop harassing my friends and family,” he wrote in a public Facebook post that received thousands of likes and dozens of messages of support.
But he also received about 150 messages from members of the public who thought he was the man behind the attack.
“For the most part, the mistaken identities and negative reactions have been asking me ‘why,”‘ he said. “People are just looking for answers.”
At 8 p.m., police Chief Mark Saunders held a news conference announcing the name of the man arrested as Alex Minassian. Reporters, noticing the different first name, asked Saunders on live TV spell the suspect's first name. A-L-E-X, Saunders responded.
“I was shocked,” said Alex Minassian, who was watching the news conference live with his family.
Just minutes later, Toronto police corrected the chief, saying in a tweet that the name of the man in custody was in fact Alek Minassian.
“I hold no ill-will towards Saunders, but I do wish they'd take more care before announcing the names of suspects,” Alex Minassian said.
Leaders of a national Southern Baptist conference voted to repudiate white supremacy and the growing "alt-right" movement Wednesday, reversing an earlier decision that had caused uproar internally.
"We had people outside this convention hall from the alt-right handing out flyers of why we should hate African Americans," Charles Hedman, a pastoral assistant from Capitol Hills Church in DC told the conference. "I don't know if you're aware of this, but Twitter was filled with the alt-right calling the Southern Baptist heroes."
The vote to adopt the resolution condemning the alt-right came after initially passing on a similar proposal presented by the Rev. William Dwight McKissic, a prominent minister from Arkansas.
The motion, which he wrote about in a blog post in May, referred to a "growing menace to political order and justice that seeks to reignite social animosities, reverse improvements in race relations."
The "toxic menace" of alt-right and white supremacy "must be opposed for the totalitarian impulses, xenophobic biases, and bigoted ideologies that infect the minds and actions of its violent disciples," McKissic added.
But the motion was never considered because, according to one leader from the committee that decides which resolutions to consider, the motion contained wording that implicated conservatives, including those who don't support the "alt-right."
That decision, however, caused backlash among several religious leaders at the conference, as well as online. One pastor tweeted that any church that could not renounce the principles of white supremacy was "dead."
Being single on Valentine's day, especially when you don't want to be, can be a painful reminder of the elusive nature of romantic partnerships.
But when intimate love seems out of reach, there are other forms of love you have access to all around you. Now is the time to strengthen and acknowledge those connections and remind yourself that love exists in many forms outside of romanticism. Here are some ways you can fall in love with the other relationships in your life:
Fall In Love With Nature Escaping into a tropical paradise or admiring the majesty of a mountain peak can make you feel small in the best way. Nature has a way of taking you out of the chatter of your mind and into the present moment. For those who live coastal, make sure you take some time today to sit at the beach and let yourself be in awe of creation. For those who live in wintery states, plan a weekend ski trip—even if you aren't a skier you can always snow tube, take a frozen waterfall hike, or ice skate. Fall In Love With Sisterhood In the epic words of Toni Morrison, ‘She is a friend of my mind. She gathers me, man. The pieces I am, she gathers them and give them back to me in all the right order.' We often take our sister girlfriends for granted, but they are some of our first teachers of unconditional love. How many people in your life can you say loves you when you are at your ugliest and bitchiest and when you are at your best? Go to dinner with your best friend today—order a bottle of wine and have the best date of your life with someone who truly knows and loves you no matter what life throws your way. Fall In Love With Brotherhood God bless our guy friends (the real ones, not the ones you hook up with periodically when you're lonely or bored.) I'm talking about the men who have been rocking with you since high school/college. The guys who will remind you what a catch you are when the new guy in your life makes his exit. Having your best guys around offer you perspective, not only into the inner workings of man thinking, but also, it reminds you of how you deserve to be treated. Fall In Love With Yourself Of everyone who comes in and out of your life there is one consistent—you. This one may be the most cliche but it's also the most crucial. Go ahead and put post-it notes all around your mirror with love letters to yourself. Make your own damn romantic bath with roses and candles and relax in the tub. Sleep naked. Make love to yourself (we have some tips for you here.) Somewhere in our development, we were told sensuality lies within the realm of relationship and partnership, but the ability to really comfort yourself and feel intimacy with your own naked body is priceless. Fall In Love With Learning Elizabeth Gilbert (Author of Eat, Pray, Love) said in an interview with Oprah, “If I had spent less time worrying about my love life, I could've been fluent in mandarin Chinese by now.” We can't stop expanding and opening our minds to new knowledge. This is the time to pick up a new hobby–whether it's soap making, learning a new language, learning the origins of various wines, or learning to play a new instrument, enhancing your life with knew knowledge makes you love your life even more.
MORE SEX & LOVE
Turn Your Sex Life All The Way Up With Our 28 Days Of Sex Challenge
What My Best Friends Taught Me About Unconditional Love
Can You Love More Than One Person At Once?
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
SUMMARY: We are monitoring an area of thunderstorms off the African coast. We also continue to monitor for tropical development in the Gulf of Mexico this weekend into early next week. Click on the video for a full update.
THANK YOU FOR TRUSTING WNCT 9 FIRST ALERT WEATHER! Weather changes quickly. Your full team of First Alert meteorologists- Jerry Jackson, Dontae Jones, Candice Boling, Pierce Legeion and David Sawyer- will keep you updated. To follow us “on the go”, check out these links:
– Follow WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Twitter by CLICKING HERE.
– Connect with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather and join a growing network of friends with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Facebook by CLICKING HERE.
– Download our WNCT 9 First Alert Weather app, available for free in the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store. You can see First Alert VIPIR 9, detailed forecasts, weather maps, and severe weather alerts.
Greenville, NC Hourly Forecast 70 ° F precip: 10% 71 ° F precip: 10% 74 ° F precip: 0% 77 ° F precip: 10% 79 ° F precip: 10% 81 ° F precip: 10% 84 ° F precip: 20% 85 ° F precip: 20% 86 ° F precip: 50% 86 ° F precip: 50% 86 ° F precip: 80% 84 ° F precip: 60% 84 ° F precip: 60% 84 ° F precip: 70% 80 ° F precip: 50% 77 ° F precip: 30% 75 ° F precip: 30% 75 ° F precip: 20% 75 ° F precip: 20% 74 ° F precip: 20% 74 ° F precip: 30% 73 ° F precip: 40% 72 ° F precip: 40% 73 ° F precip: 10% 72 ° F precip: 20% 74 ° F precip: 20% 76 ° F precip: 40% 79 ° F precip: 60% 80 ° F precip: 50% 82 ° F precip: 20% 84 ° F precip: 20% 87 ° F precip: 20% 88 ° F precip: 60% 88 ° F precip: 70% 85 ° F precip: 70% 82 ° F precip: 60% 81 ° F precip: 70% 80 ° F precip: 60% 78 ° F precip: 40% 77 ° F precip: 40% 76 ° F precip: 20% 75 ° F precip: 20% 75 ° F precip: 20% 75 ° F precip: 40% 75 ° F precip: 20% 74 ° F precip: 30% 74 ° F precip: 10% Inland Forecast Coastal Forecast Day Planner Hourly Forecast
Why you should ride Michigan all the way to the Big Ten title When the movie gets made about Michigan's plane crash and subsequent Final Four run, does Ed Harris play John Beilein? Michigan (-3) over Minnesota: You know they're winning the Big...
Fordham NCAA miracle snuffed before it can really start Too little, too late. Eighth-seeded Fordham used a furious second-half rally to cut a 16-point first-half deficit to one with 8:40 remaining, but ninth-seeded Richmond refused to wilt. The Spiders,...
Florida Gulf Coast architect proving he's no one-hit wonder The mid-major coach isn't ready for the big-time. … USC made a mistake. … A change is needed. Andy Enfield heard the whispers. He felt the heat. USC, under his...
Fordham picked to finish in A-10 cellar, new coach calls it a 'challenge' Welcome to Fordham, Jeff Neubauer. The cellar is this way. The new Fordham men's basketball coach got a taste of the rebuilding job that awaits him at Atlantic 10 media...
Davidson avoids A-10 shocker with buzzer-beating win It's not how you start, but how you finish. Through much of their quarterfinal clash with La Salle in the Atlantic 10 Tournament, top-seeded Davidson did not resemble favorites. It didn't last....
St. Bonaventure's Gathers hits winning 3 at buzzer Jordan Gathers hit a 3-pointer at the buzzer, and St. Bonaventure stunned No. 18 Saint Louis 71-68 in the quarterfinals of the Atlantic 10 tournament Friday. The ninth-seeded Bonnies (18-14)...
CORAL GABLES, FLA. (WSVN) - Police are asking for the public's help in locating a thief who was caught on camera breaking into an SUV in Coral Gables, Monday morning.
Surveillance video showed the subject walking up to an SUV parked in the driveway of a home near Red Road, on South Greenway Drive. The person is seen rummaging through the vehicle and taking sunglasses and money before disappearing.
Area residents said the theft is nothing new. “It's becoming a constant problem in Coral Gables and on the Greenways,” said Matthew Meehan, whose car was targeted. “It's not just isolated to my house and my car. It's a lot of my neighbors as well.”
If you have any information on this break-in, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $1,000 reward.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The brawl in Manilla has shocked the basketball world. Picture: George Calvelo/Getty Images
The brawl in Manilla has shocked the basketball world. Picture: George Calvelo/Getty Images
BOOMERS coach Andrej Lemanis fears the ugly scenes in the Philippines will make it harder to call on Australian NBA stars for international duty.
Aside from the physical and emotional toll on players and the damage to the sport's reputation, Monday night's all-in brawl could have further consequences for the Boomers.
NBA teams are already reluctant to release players as it does for the two FIBA windows that fall in the league's off-season.
But the ugly events in Bulacan could provide them with another excuse to withhold top-line stars such as Ben Simmons from joining the Boomers for anything short of World Cups or the Olympics.
Alternatively, players themselves might not want to risk their own safety for qualifiers in countries such as the Philippines, where security measures were clearly not up to scratch.
Two NBA players, Milwaukee Bucks pair Thon Maker and Matthew Dellavedova, were on Australia's roster for the match.
Maker is facing a possible FIBA suspension after attempting numerous fly-kicks on Philippine opponents during the brawl.
"Obviously that's one of the concerns ... what it means generally in terms of players' willingness to participate and put their hand up," Lemanis told reporters on Wednesday.
The ugly fracas looks set to end in serious penalties.
Daniel Kickert admitted he "overstepped" the mark in elbowing Philippine guard Roger Pogoy in the face.
Kickert is likely to receive a long suspension from the global governing body for his hit on Pogoy, which sparked the ugly third-quarter brawl.
"I was put in a position where I obviously made an action which was regrettable and unfortunate," Kickert told reporters in Brisbane on Wednesday.
"I think I've overstepped a little bit with my response to the escalation in the game, I regret those things."
Boomers assistant coach Luc Longley alleged Philippines coach Chot Reyes incited his players to act violently, blaming him for the ugly brawl that marred the game.
The Australian described the all-in fight as the worst thing he'd ever seen on a basketball court.
Longley rushed to the aid of Chris Goulding as he was set upon by a dozen Philippine players and officials.
"It was horrifying ... really disturbing," Longley said.
Guard Goulding escaped serious injury despite also having a chair thrown at him by one of the Philippine coaches.
Goulding touched down at Melbourne Airport early on Wednesday morning but declined to address the incident.
"I'll speak to everyone at a more appropriate time," he said.
Lemanis said Goulding and Nathan Sobey, who was punched by an official and also hit by a chair, had only a few "bumps and bruises" to show for the fracas.
"The emotional scars, we'll see over time. That's hard to tell," he said
BERLIN — Police say a burning bird falling from an overhead electric line set fire to a field in northern Germany that was parched by dry weather, torching some 7 hectares (17 acres) of land.
Police in the Baltic Sea port city of Rostock said witnesses reported that the bird caused a short-circuit in a railway power line and fell to the ground in flames. The neighbouring field then caught fire, and more than 50 firefighters were deployed to tackle the blaze on Tuesday evening.
Farmers in northeastern Germany have been complaining of the effects of a persistent lack of rain over the past two months.
By The Associated Press
Josh Duggar files new privacy lawsuit in Arkansas He's suing the city of Springdale and Washington County again for improperly publicizing records of a 2006 juvenile investigation.
Duggar sisters ask judge to stop Josh from joining their privacy lawsuit Court documents reveal the sisters want a judge to deny their brother's request to join their lawsuit over documents released in 2015 that revealed they had been molested by him...
Josh Duggar withdraws from sisters' privacy lawsuit His sisters filed a lawsuit after a magazine disclosed that the sisters told police they had been molested by him years earlier.
Josh Duggar whines about 'public scrutiny' after molestation bombshell Duggar is seeking to join his sisters' breach-of-privacy lawsuit in which they allege investigators promised them confidentiality after a tipster reported the molestation.
Duggars sue over outing of their child-molesting brother Four sisters of Josh Duggar who were revealed to have told police that they'd been molested by their older brother filed a federal breach-of-privacy suit.
Duggar family of the UK to welcome 20th kid Britain's biggest family have announced that they will be welcoming their 20th child later this year. The Radford family, from Lancashire, who starred in “19 Kids And Counting,” confirmed the...
Josh Duggar resurfaces for his 29th birthday The Duggar family has released a new photo of their troubled son Josh on his 29th birthday.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Share
Walmart is getting some help in its ongoing battle against Amazon for grocery delivery dominance. On Tuesday, April 24, the retailer announced a new partnership with the delivery service DoorDash, who will now serve as a “key delivery provider” for Walmart's burgeoning Online Grocery program. The companies' partnership will kick off in the Atlanta metro area, but don't worry — even if you don't live in the Georgia metropolis, you'll likely have access to this service soon. Walmart is hoping to reach more than 40 percent of all households across the U.S. by the end of 2018.
“We're connecting all the parts of our business to create a shopping experience like no one else can. With the expansion of our Online Grocery Delivery program, customers can have great items at every day low prices delivered to their door with the click of a button,” said Greg Foran, president and CEO of Walmart U.S. “With the help of DoorDash, we're delivering the best of Walmart to customers in Atlanta and beyond.”
DoorDash will work alongside Walmart's in-house team of more than 18,000 personal shoppers in order to bring deliveries to thousands of customers across Atlanta. The partnership is similar to one the shopping behemoth already has with Postmates, which Walmart relies upon to complete deliveries in Charlotte, North Carolina, one of the newest markets to receive the Online Grocery perk. As Walmart continues to expand across the U.S., we can probably expect more and more partners to sign on as well.
“Our work with Walmart marks DoorDash's official launch beyond restaurant delivery,” said DoorDash's chief operating officer, Christopher Payne. “We look forward to expanding across the country, enabling Walmart customers everywhere to spend more time doing the things they love.”
Once a Walmart personal shopper has chosen all of your fresh vegetables, produce, and other kitchen staples from a brick and mortar store, he or she will hand this off to a DoorDash “Dasher,” and deliver it to your doorstep during your specified delivery window. There's a $30 minimum order and a $9.95 delivery fee associated with the service. Alternatively, you can try Online Grocery Pickup, which allows you to order your necessities online and then have them delivered to your car while you wait in the Walmart parking lot. This option is also available in Atlanta, as well as in 1,200 stores throughout the United States.
OAKLAND PARK, FLA. (WSVN) - A woman watching a 2-year-old child was stabbed, deputies said, by the boy's father in Oakland Park.
According to the Broward Sheriff's Office, the woman was stabbed near 4050 N.E. 1st Ave. Deputies said they believe the boy's father stabbed the woman and then took his child.
Officials also believe this may be a part of a domestic dispute.
The woman has since been transported to a nearby hospital.
BSO deputies remain on the scene and have set up a perimeter.
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this developing story.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Mike Martin Jr. thinks it has a chance to be one of the best recruiting classes in recent years for Florida State Baseball.
In a couple of days, he'll know for sure.
The deadline for amateur players to sign with Major League Baseball teams is at 5 p.m. on Friday, and the Seminoles appear to be in good shape with all six of their remaining drafted signees -- including a pair of high school All-Americans in Nander De Sedas and Elijah Cabell.
So far, the only FSU commitment to go pro is Lakeland third baseman Brandon Howlett, who signed with the Boston Red Sox after being taken in the 21st round.
"They're all here," Martin Jr. said. "They're all saying the right things. They've been here two weeks, getting into the college rhythm. To enjoy each other's company. The trainers and strength and conditioning guys are just raving about them. They seem to have a teamwork and togetherness and bond, so I think it's going to be hard for people to pry them away."
De Sedas was projected to be an early first-round pick after a stellar summer in 2017, but he didn't have a great senior season at Montverde Academy. He also had a big asking price. And before the draft, he let pro teams know that if they didn't plan on hitting that number, then he was going to attend FSU.
De Sedas ended up being drafted in the 29th round by the Milwaukee Brewers. It's doubtful -- but not impossible -- that he signs before the deadline.
Cabell's addition to the 2018 recruiting class was a wonderful June surprise for the Seminoles. He originally signed to play with LSU, which beat out FSU in the initial recruiting battle.
But two current LSU outfielders who were drafted, Antoine Duplantis and Zach Warren, look to be returning to school for the 2019 season. That left nowhere for Cabell to play. So he asked for -- and was granted -- his release by the LSU coaching staff.
That's when the story turned a bit surreal.
Because Cabell, a 14th-round pick by the Brewers, didn't decide to switch to Florida State until the middle of June, there was hardly any time to get him into summer school. And his mom had never even seen the campus.
So Martin Jr. organized an impromptu visit for Cabell and his mother. It just so happened to be the weekend before the first day of summer school.
"Look," Martin Jr. told Cabell. "You need to bring full-size sheets for a full-size bed. You need to bring towels. Everything else is in the apartment. But your baseball stuff ... you've got to bring it all. Because you're not leaving. ... You've got school at 8 a.m. the next morning."
"Sure enough, they liked it," Martin Jr. said. "We did it. She went back home and he stayed. He hasn't left yet."
The longtime Florida State hitting coach is spending July 4 in Atlanta watching yet another showcase tournament, trying to help build yet another stellar recruiting class.
After landing a group that included potential stars C.J. Van Eyk and Reese Albert last summer, Martin Jr. thinks the Seminoles have hit another home run with the Class of 2018. Despite the fact that head coach Mike Martin Sr. is entering the final year of his coaching career and a replacement likely won't be named until after the 2019 season.
"It goes to what we're selling," Martin Jr. said. "It's a neat place. It's a special place. It's different. The fans are into it. They're incredibly loyal. And it's the family environment that '11' (Martin Sr.) has created. And even with the uncertainly of who is going to be their coach, we pushed through it.
"I dang proud of what we accomplished."
Also of note, FSU All-America catcher Cal Raleigh has still yet to sign a deal either. He was the team's leading hitter in 2018 and was selected by the Seattle Mariners in the third round.
With just days left before the deadline, an agreement has yet to be reached.
Obviously, there is a long history of last-day, last-minute, last-second signings in the Major League Baseball Draft. Just because Raleigh hasn't inked a contract yet doesn't mean he's not going to. The odds are still heavily in the favor of his signing.
The last FSU junior to turn down a substantial signing bonus offer to return to Florida State for a senior year was James Ramsey in 2012.
---------------------------------------------
Discuss this story with other FSU fans on the Seminole Baseball Message Board.
The Executive Secretary of the Brong Ahafo Regional Peace Council, Alhaji Suallah Abdullah Quandah, has hinted that the council has amicably settled the impasse between the Brong Ahafo Regional Minister designate, Mr Kwaku Asomah-Cheremeh and the Sunyani Traditional Council.
He said two parties were, therefore, preparing to hold a joint press conference within the week to announce the resolution of the matter to the people of the Brong Ahafo Region and beyond.
As a result of the rift, the council kicked against the nomination of Mr Asomah-Cheremeh, who is the Regional Chairman of the New Patriotic Party (NPP), by President Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo as the regional minister-designate.
Accusation
The council accused Mr Asomah-Cheremeh of inciting the people against the authority of the Omanhene of the Sunyani Traditional Area, Nana Bosoma Asor Nkrawiri and stated that it could not collaborate with him if he became the regional minister.
It stated that even though it could not prevent Mr Asomah-Cheremeh from becoming the regional minister, it would not be part of his administration should he get parliamentary approval.
The Sunyani Traditional Council in its statement, however, indicated that its doors were still opened for the resolution of the issue it had with Mr Asomah-Kyeremeh.
Settlement
However, Alhaji Quandah told the Daily Graphic in Sunyani that it was part of the Regional Peace Council's mandate to settle the matter amicably.
According to him, the council had received assurances from the traditional council and Mr Asomah-Cheremeh of their readiness to maintain a cordial relationship and work together to fight for a common goal if his nomination is approved by Parliament.
He disclosed that the matter was settled after a series of meetings between the Sunyani Traditional Council and the NPP Regional Council of Elders.
Alhaji Quandah explained that the Techiman Traditional Council led by the Paramount Chief of the Area, Oseadeeyo Akumfi Ameyaw IV, also attempted to intervene before the peace council came in to assist.
“Through the intervention of the regional peace council, both parties have now agreed to smoke the peace pipe, coordinate and partner each other for the development of the region”.
Alhaji Quandah stated that each of the parties also pledged to honour each other's invitations in the future.
As part of the peace council's resolution process, he revealed that the council had seven separate meetings with the parties before resolving the matter.
Alhaji Quandah explained further that the council had three meetings with the Sunyani Traditional Council and four meetings with the regional minister designate and the NPP Regional Council of Elders before arriving at an amicable settlement.
Appeal
He appealed to supporters of the NPP and members of the Sunyani Traditional Council to refrain from comments that could worsen matters now that the issue had been solved amicably.
Alhaji Quandah entreated both parties and their supporters to forgive each other and unite for the betterment of the region, saying “without peace between the two parties, it is the citizens that would suffer”.
He thanked both parties for recognising the role of the peace council by allowing it to settle the impasse.
Burning season off to early start in Lake County
hello
Lake County Forest Preserve District crews burned 200 acres Tuesday in the Lakewood Forest Preserve just east of Wauconda, as officials are getting an early start to the 2017 controlled burn season due to the unseasonably warm and dry February weather.
Superintendent of Natural Resources Operations David Cassin says burning is the most efficient way to manage the restoration projects.
"Two hundred acres we can burn in a day, where mechanical removal of invasive species in that same 200-acre area could take us two to three months," Cassin said.
Burning makes native plants more robust, lengthens the growing season and is necessary for the seeds of some species to sprout, according to the district. Besides killing invasive woody species. controlled burns also are used to remove thatch from previous growing seasons, facilitate seeding and herbicide treatments, cycle nutrients back into the soil, and deter the early spring growth of cool-season, nonnative species.
Da'Leon Ward: Junior, running back
2016 stats: 103 ATT, 428 yards, 3 TD
Ward has a good opportunity in front of him after not playing in the 2017 season. He was ranked the No. 10 true freshman in the Big 12 for the 2016 season. We know the potential is there with Ward to be a big part of the running game for Tech. He has also shown the ability to play as a receiver, finishing with 18 receptions for 131 yards in the 2016 season as well. Justin Stockton has graduated and this is where the opportunity for Ward comes in. He can go head to head with Tre King for the starting running back position. Ward can still make an impact even if he is not named the starting back for the 2018 season.
Ryan Reynolds Makes A Touching Tribute To The Stunt Driver Who Died On Set Of 'Deadpool 2'
"Today, we tragically lost a member of our crew while filming Deadpool."
Whilst filming the sequel to the Marvel hit, 'Deadpool 2', a stunt person unfortunately passed away after her motorcycle crashed through the glass of a ground-floor studio.
Ryan Reynolds, the lead in the superhero movie, has since responded to the event, with a touching post on social media.
> Ryan Reynolds Trolled Hugh Jackman's Twitter Post Dedicated To His Fans
Pic: PA Images
The 40-year-old star wrote "Today, we tragically lost a member of our crew while filming 'Deadpool',
"We're heartbroken, shocked and devastated... but recognize nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain her family and loved ones must feel in this moment. My heart pours out to them - along with each and every person she touched in this world" continued Ryan.
The stand-in actor was taken to hospital following the incident, but medics were unable to revive her.
> Download Our App, To Get All Of The Latest News
Our thoughts are with the actor's family and friends.
LastPass Warns Users As It Fixes 'Major' Vulnerability
Password manager LastPass is advising users to avoid using its browser plugins while it battles to fix a "major architectural problem," which could allow an attacker to steal passwords or execute code.
The vulnerability was discovered by Tavis Ormandy, a security researcher at Google, who tweeted about its existence over the weekend. Keeping with responsible disclosure norms, Ormandy did not publicly state how the bug is exploited, and informed LastPass of its existence.
In a warning to users, the password manager firm wrote "We are now actively addressing the vulnerability. This attack is unique and highly sophisticated. We don't want to disclose anything specific about the vulnerability or our fix that could reveal anything to less sophisticated but nefarious parties. So you can expect a more detailed post mortem once this work is complete."
It detailed three steps users could take to keep themselves safe: launch sites directly from the LastPass Vault; use two-factor authentication; and beware of phishing attacks.
Ormandy has been focusing research efforts on LastPass for some time now, as part of his work with Google's Project Zero, a wing of the company devoted to finding and reporting security flaws in other company's products. A week earlier, LastPass issued a fix for a pair of issues the security researcher reported, saying: “We greatly value the work that Tavis, Project Zero, and other white-hat researchers provide. We all benefit when this security model works for responsibly disclosing bugs, and are confident LastPass is stronger for the attention.”
Despite the existence of bugs in products like LastPass, most information security experts recommend using a password manager. For the majority of users, password reuse is considered a more pressing security issue than the targeted hack of a password manager: data breaches occur with such regularity that anything which prevents the damage from spreading beyond the affected site is critical, and the vast majority of people are not capable of remembering enough unique, strong passwords to cover all the sites and services they use.
A minority of security researchers do have concerns over the password manager model, however. In 2014, Microsoft researchers Dinei Florêncio and Cormac Herley and Paul C Van Oorschot from Carelton University in Canada argued that they introduce a single point of failure, putting users not only at risk of a hack, but also simply losing or forgetting the password to their password manager.
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Love Island is almost in our lives once again and TBH, we couldn't be happier about it. Seeing people in the evenings / having a life outside of our living room was overrated, anyway.
And while we're busy stalking the new Islanders on Instagram, researching how to buy this year's water bottle and enjoying all the Twitter reactions to Danny Dyer's daughter being in the villa, we almost missed this huge collaboration.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Yep, Primark is back with more Love Island merch for 2018 - but this time, it's way more than just a few t-shirts.
Primark
To celebrate the 2018 series of everyone's favourite dating programme, Primark is going all out, with a range of homeware, fashion and more. And it's epic.
Along with your obvious "I got a Text' tees, there is also swimwear, mugs, keyrings, nightwear and our personal fave, an Islander bum bag. YASSS.
Primark
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
And, if you plan on having a Love Island party every night of the week while the series is on, there's some handy gold bunting you can buy too!
Primark has thought of everything.
See the entire collection below, which you can shop in store from June 4th.
Bollywood stars Salman Khan and Jacqueline Fernandez are facing the ire of the netizens for forcing an ‘unwilling child' to hug Jacqueline.
Jacqueline had taken to social media to share a clip of the stars' appearance on a reality TV show where the ‘Sultan' star can be seen persuading a young boy, a contestant, to give her a hug.
The two were present on the show to promote their upcoming film ‘Race 3.'
While Salman and Jacqueline took it all in fun, this did not go down well with their fans and followers.
“Negating consent and all that we are teaching kids about how their bodies are theirs. *slow clap*,” wrote one user.
“Kid of 5 or 6 says he doesn't want to hug Jacqueline Fernandez. Celeb panel laughs. “Aise kaise?” Repeatedly he says he doesn't feel like hugging her. Body language suggests same. Salman Khan forces him to hug her. Forces him to “tightly hug her” once again. Consent be damned,” wrote another.
Suburban voter turnout down, hot races or not
hello
Just months after a presidential election that brought political passions to a boil, suburban turnout in the April 4 local elections declined -- even in places with some of the hottest races.
The percentage of registered voters who cast ballots in this month's election of municipal, school and other local leaders was lower that it was in the similar election four years ago in suburban Cook, DuPage, Lake, McHenry and Will counties. Only in Kane County did turnout increase.
County-level turnout can be brought down by the high number of uncontested races, which draw less voter interest. More than two out of three local races were uncontested, more than in previous years, a Daily Herald analysis found.
But turnout also dipped in some places with fiercely fought local contests, an examination of precinct-level results shows.
"While I do think many people were energized on both sides of the aisle by the presidential election, a lot of people still don't realize the importance of local politics, local races for office," said Sarah Brune, executive director of the Illinois Campaign for Political Reform. "These mayoral and city council races, these are the people that really make decisions that impact your life."
Turnout on April 4 was 17.4 percent in suburban Cook County, 16.7 percent in DuPage County, 15.7 percent in Kane County, 15.8 percent in Lake County, 15 percent in McHenry County and 17.9 percent in Will County.
Local election participation always is far below the turnout in national elections, and this year was no exception. Turnout in November ranged from 66 percent to 74 percent in suburban counties.
While November's results energized some voters and enraged others, there's little indication that resulted in increased voter engagement at the local level, even on hot-button issues.
In the Palatine-Schaumburg High School District 211 board of education race, six candidates ran for three seats after the school board agreed to allow a transgender student limited access to a girls locker room and set a policy allowing transgender students to use the bathrooms of the gender with which they identify.
Turnout in the nationally watched race rose to 12.8 percent this year as voters elected two incumbents and a former board member. That compares to 9.6 percent turnout in the 2013 school board race.
Some contentious races this year resulted in modest decreases in turnout rather than any increase.
In Wheeling, longtime Mayor Dean Argiris had been accused of improper personal use of a village credit card and vehicle, which he denied. He was ousted April 4 in an election that brought out 11.7 percent of registered voters, compared to 15.6 percent in the 2013 mayoral election.
In Des Plaines, a divided council battled for months with Mayor Matt Bogusz over whether the city should cover council members' health care, pay for a municipal "rebranding" campaign and use lie detectors to seek who leaked confidential information to a reporter. Turnout in the city council race was 18 percent, down from 22.8 percent in the 2013 council race.
In Elgin Area School District U-46, the suburbs' largest school district, five candidates split over charter schools and school choice, transgender policy and a social studies curriculum some said was "against white males."
But turnout dipped to 12.1 percent this year compared to 13.5 percent in the 2013 U-46 race.
Some local races bucked the trend.
A campaign to borrow $24.2 million for school additions and renovations pushed turnout to 26 percent this year in the Glen Ellyn Elementary District 41 school board race, up from 11 percent in the 2013 race.
And the Mundelein mayor's race pitting incumbent Mayor Steve Lentz against Holly Kim and Ray Ladewig brought out 20.5 percent of registered voters, up from 16.5 percent in the mayoral race four years ago. Lentz's 2015 Fourth of July speech decrying same-sex marriage became an issue, as did forums organized by Kim about staging public protests and knowing your rights when dealing with police. The tight race between Lentz and Kim could be decided today with a count of mailed and provisional ballots.
The overall drop in turnout mirrors a downward trend in the number of candidates.
Barely 30 percent of the hundreds of races in the April 4 race were contested, a Daily Herald analysis showed. That's down from about 45 percent of races contested in local elections eight years ago.
Kent Redfield, professor emeritus of political science at the University of Illinois in Springfield, noted patterns of voter interest develop over years, not as a result of a single heated election.
"Change doesn't happen overnight. ... It has to ripple out over time," he said, adding other markers also gauge voters' engagement in the political process, "like volunteering and doing things more than showing up at the polls."
Redfield said those hoping for a re-energized electorate shouldn't read too much into bumps in turnout in places like District 211.
"You had something that was very visible, that generated some more attention and activity than what might be the baseline," he said. "But on the other hand, getting excited about going from 9 percent to 12 percent, reading that as a rebirth of citizenship, is probably not justified."
Besides, he said, if it's "circuses and crises that are driving people to participate and engage in government, then I don't think it's a particularly good formula."
UK doorstep lenders accused of intimidation in collecting debts
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Police in Commerce, Texas, on Tuesday dropped evading arrest charges against a former Miss Black Texas winner who said she was called a derogatory slur and arrested during a racially charged incident on May 20, reports WFAA-TV.
Charges dropped against #MissBlackTexas. Carmen Ponder says arrest was racially motivated. @FOX4 pic.twitter.com/i4aiFTtk3s — Lori Brown (@LoriBrownFox4) June 13, 2017
Carmen Ponder, 23, a paralegal studies major at Texas A&M-Commerce and plans to go to law school after her graduation in December, said she wanted charges “off of her record.” Hunt County Attorney Joel Littlefield filed paperwork saying that “insufficient evidence” was the reason for dismissing the charges after Ponder was arrested by Commerce Police Chief Kerry Crews, writes the television news outlet.
Ponder, who won her beauty pageant title last year, said she was followed by an angry motorist into a grocery store parking lot on May 20. The former beauty queen said the motorist referred to her as a “black b***h” as she walked into the store. Upon exiting the store, she said in her initial account, officer Crews, who was dressed in plain clothes, ordered her to apologize to the other driver.
Explaining the incident to police, Ponder also said Crews allowed his 14-year-old daughter to illegally operate a vehicle, reports the New York Daily News.
Results of an independent investigation released Monday by the City of Commerce cleared Crews of Ponder's allegations, saying there was no evidence of a racially motivated arrest or statement. According to the investigation, Crews also did not let his teen daughter operate a vehicle, notes the News.
Ponder's attorney, S. Lee Merritt called his client's arrest “unconstitutional,” echoing many Black Americans who have seen Blacks wrongfully arrested for crimes.
I'm afraid @CityOfCommerce missed the point. Chief Crews directed the unlawful arrest of @CarmenSierraaa under unjustifiable circumstances https://t.co/wuLugVL3Ss — S. Lee Merritt, Esq. (@MeritLaw) June 12, 2017
Good thing Ponder had the wherewithal to prevent her legal career from being derailed by a bogus criminal charge, which has sidelined so many people color. We wish her luck in her future endeavors.
SOURCE: WFAA, New York Daily News
SEE ALSO:
Black Miss Texas Says Cop Called Her Black B***h Before Wrongful Arrest
Watch: Video Shows NJ Police Kick Burn Victim After Car Wreck
Britain's Queen Elizabeth on Friday congratulated Sri Lanka's President Maithripala Sirisena on the occasion of the island country's 70th National Independence Day.
In a message sent to Sirisena, Queen Elizabeth said the relationship between Britain and Sri Lanka has continued to grow and she hoped the connections between the people would continue to flourish in the years to come.
“It gives me great pleasure to send to Your Excellency my congratulations on the occasion of the celebration by Sri Lanka of the seventieth anniversary of Independence,” Queen Elizabeth said.
“Although I am unable to be with you as you mark this historic moment, I am very pleased that the Earl and Countess of Wessex are able to represent me and to join you in celebrating all that the people of Sri Lanka have achieved in the past 70 years.”
“I send my best wishes to the people of Sri Lanka on this occasion.”
(Xinhua – FILE PHOTO)
By Meghan Bragg, reporter
The owners of Cape Coral gun store Shoot Center and their clients are suing the state of Florida for banning bump stocks.
The people listed in the 15-page action lawsuit state it's unconstitutional to take their property without getting paid for it.
Aaron Forum with Shoot Center says they used to sell bump stocks at their store and they can cost more than $500.
Now if you own that device that replaces the stock of the gun, you have until Oct. 1 to get rid of it.
Governor Rick Scott signed a law banning bump stocks in hopes to make schools and communities safer.
"The government has effectively taken people's property without just compensation, " said Andrew Kagan, an attorney with Kagan Legal Group.
Kagan Legal Group and Behar Behar Law Group are the attorneys behind the case and say it's more than just a fight to keep the device.
Kagan also argues the language in the new law would ban more than just bump stocks, but any device that's used to increase the rate of fire.
"Binary trigger doubles the rate of fire and essentially (the law) made those illegal to own as well," said Forum.
The lawsuit was filed late Thursday after the Governor signed the law two weeks before.
Copyright 2018 WBBH/WZVN (Waterman Broadcasting). All rights reserved.
NAGA CITY (Bicol Standard) – Bicol Standard, the region's most read and fastest-growing news source, is celebrating its 25th anniversar...
If you're mailing packages this holiday season, you're not alone. The United States Postal Service will ship around 15 billion packages by the new year. That's 10% more than last year.
"It's very busy at this point," says Robert Cox, Postmaster at the Vestal post office.
Cox has his staff working long hours to cover the demand. He attributes much of the increase to more online shopping.
"And they're coming through the post office to be delivered and we're trying to get everything there on time," says Cox.
There are a few things you can do to make sure your packages arrive on time. Below are the shipping deadlines to get packages to doorsteps before Christmas.
December 12th - Shipping to military
December 14th - Standard ground shipping
December 19th - Priority mail
If you're really last minute, you can always overnight it, but for an extra cost.
While the staff is working late hours, the Vestal post office is not open later than usual. The regular hours still remain. There are two post offices in Broome County that will have special holiday hours.
The Endicott main post office will open its doors for special Sunday hours from 10am to 2pm. The Binghamton main post office will extend its Saturday hours from 9am to 4pm on both the 9th and the 16th.
CTV Ottawa
Huntley Centennial Public School at 118 Langstaff Dr. in Carp was closed to students Tuesday, Feb. 14, 2017 due to flooding and lack of water and heat.
School staff were asked to come to school. Parents were asked not to drop off children at school and the school board will update as the situation unfolds.
The Ottawa Carleton School Board says updates will be posted to the board's website .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Surge in Chinese corporate investment into the US
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Teaching is demanding enough, but special education teachers must cope with even more challenges. Professional learning is rarely aligned to special education teachers' needs. Special education teachers face more parental interaction, longer hours, potential lawsuits, additional paperwork, while their students need more attention. The slogan “work more, same pay” is not exactly a great selling point in teacher recruitment.
The federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, or IDEA, requires every student have what's known as an individualized education program. The IEP involves hours and hours of filling out forms and writing reports documenting each student's progress. Recently, the Tennessee Board of Education, in the name of greater transparency, has proposed a rule that may actually create more problems for special education teachers.
The proposed rule says the LEA must notify the parents of a child with a disability at least 10 days before an IEP meeting to ensure that a parent will have an opportunity to attend. A meeting conducted pursuant to state law may be conducted on at least 24 hours' notice to the parents. If the LEA prepares a draft IEP prior to the IEP meeting, a copy shall be provided to the parents of the child at least 24 hours prior to the scheduled meeting time. The copy of the draft IEP shall become the property of the parents. If the LEA prepares a draft IEP prior to the IEP team meeting, the LEA shall make it clear to the parents at the outset of the meeting that the services proposed by the LEA are preliminary recommendations for review and discussion with the parents. It is not permissible for the LEA to have the final IEP completed before an IEP team meeting begins.
Many, but not all, districts provide parents with a draft prior to the IEP meeting, if requested and with a reasonable timeline. However, it would not be appropriate or reasonable to mandate that districts provide a draft prior to all IEP meetings.
A few of the concerns, suggestions and questions put forth by our members showed the proposed rule:
• may discourage LEAs from creating drafts, which would lead to longer, less structured IEP meetings and may increase the likelihood of procedural errors.
• may result in LEAs having to hold separate IEP meetings, which could delay initial services up to 30 days after initial eligibility, in order to give time to have a draft ready.
• currently, there are no means of documenting LEA's compliance as drafts are removed from EasyIEP system after 30 days or when final IEP is created
• places an undue paperwork burden on already paperwork-heavy sped teachers.
• may send information that is confusing to parents without having immediate access to professionals who can help interpret or give meaning to info in IEP.
• may result in fewer parents attending IEP meetings as perception would be that IEP is already completed and their attendance is not necessary.
• may lead to meetings starting with an adversarial tone.
• not all IEP team members are staffed at the same school, making it impossible for them to convene with the other IEP team members to collaborate on the draft 24 hours prior to the meeting.
Looking at the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act and new regulations, an LEA should provide the parents with a copy of its draft proposals, if the LEA has developed them, prior to the IEP team meeting. Parents deserve an opportunity to review any recommendations prior to the IEP team meeting to be better able to engage in a full discussion of the proposals for their child. It is already not permissible for an LEA to have a final IEP completed before an IEP meeting. Parents should be able to request a copy of any draft documents prior to an IEP team meeting. However, it is critical to be reminded that not all IEP team members are staffed at the same school, and it may be impossible for them to convene with the other IEP team members to collaborate on the draft 24 hours prior to the meeting. This creates twice the work for teachers.
Which brings us back full circle. We subscribe to the philosophy of “all means all” in public education, which means we educate each and every one of our students to the highest level possible. If we continue to overwhelm special education teachers when we already have a special education teacher shortage by adding to their workload, recruitment and retention challenges will only escalate.
Then, students with disabilities will never attain their full academic potential especially if teachers with no special education background are placed in their classroom. The proposed IEP policy, as currently being suggested needs work. This may well be a legislative item in 2019.
J.C. Bowman is a executive director of Professional Educators of Tennessee, a non-partisan teacher association headquartered in Nashville.
Northwestern hosted a parade of visitors during spring practice this year. Most of them were 2019 prospects, but there were a number of 2020s, as well.
One of those high school sophomores who made the trip to Evanston to watch the Wildcats practice and take in the program's new Ryan Fieldhouse was Bryce Mostella, a 6-foot-6 defensive end prospect from Kentwood (Mich.) East.
Mostella watched Northwestern's first practice at the sparkling new facility on April 7. He talked to WildcatReport about his impressions and his recruiting picture in this premium recruiting story.
New York: There are limits to investors' love affair with Opec.
After unprecedented optimism that the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries will manage to ease a global supply glut, money managers reduced their bets on rising West Texas Intermediate prices for the first time in a month. While the group and other major exporters are pumping less crude, US inventories and production are on the rise, and shale drillers keep adding rigs. The US benchmark has traded mostly between $50 (Dh183.65) and $55 a barrel for the last two months.
“There's starting to be fatigue about the range we've been trading in,” John Kilduff, a partner at Again Capital LLC, a New York-based hedge fund that focuses on energy, said by telephone. “It won't be summer until we break out to the upside.”
Opec achieved the best compliance rate in its history at the outset of its accord to cut production, a plan that's being supported by strong demand, the International Energy Agency said in a February 10 report. In the past, Opec had often struggled to fully deliver promised cuts due to a reluctance to lose income and market share. Former Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Ali Al Naimi said on December 2 that, in the history of Opec deals, “the unfortunate part is we tend to cheat.” Meanwhile, US producers last week extended the biggest surge in oil drilling in more than four years as the prolific shale plays of Texas and Oklahoma lure investment from Exxon Mobil Corp. and Continental Resources Inc.
US crude output climbed to 8.98 million barrels a day in the week ended February 3, according to the Energy Information Administration. That's an increase of about half a million barrels a day from last year's low, and the agency expects production to keep climbing to reach 9.53 million a day next year, the most since 1970.
Tight range
Hedge funds cut their net-long position, or the difference between bets on a price increase and wagers on a decline, by 5.4 per cent in the week ended February 7, US commodity futures trading commission data show. WTI slipped 1.2 per cent to $52.17 a barrel in the report week, and closed at $53.86 on February 10. It was trading at $53.80 a barrel, down 6 cents, on Monday at 1:04pmin Hong Kong.
Money managers' net-long position in WTI decreased by 20,540 futures and options to 359,387. Longs fell 1.8 per cent, while shorts climbed 26 per cent, the biggest gain in three months.
Willing Investors
“The shorts increased, which shows that there are investors willing to bet that the Opec production cuts are fully priced into the market and that the oil bulls are vulnerable to bearish news,” Tim Evans, an energy analyst at Citi Futures Perspective in New York, said by telephone.
As they boost output, US oil producers are hedging their price risk for this year and 2018. Producers' short positions, protecting against a drop in prices, increased to 707,498 futures and options, the most since August 2007, according to the CFTC.
Pioneer Natural Resources Co. plans to continue being a “heavy hedger,” Chief Operating Officer Tim Dove said last week. The company raised its drilling budget more than expected and is expanding its fleet of rigs in the Permian Basin. Pioneer's hedges provide upside to about $62 a barrel, Dove said.
Opec implemented 90 per cent of promised output cuts in January, the first month of its agreement, according to the IEA. Eleven non-Opec members who joined the agreement have made about half their pledged reductions, the agency said.
“I think that we will be looking at the reverse of this report in a week,” Michael Lynch, president of Strategic Energy & Economic Research in Winchester, Massachusetts, said by telephone. “The IEA report on compliance has dispelled doubts about Opec's adherence.”
1:56
Baby elephant seals eat, sleep and cuddle at the Piedras Blancas rookery
1:30
How Cambria's colorful, often kooky, scarecrows are made
2:04
Congratulations!
Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image This foot path from Simla to hospital got damaged by landslide in Lautoka. Picture: REINAL CHAND
A LANDSLIDE has placed a few houses in Simla, Lautoka, at risk.
The landslide was caused by the heavy downpour in the Western Division over the past few days.
Simla resident Ranil Chandra said the slip along a footpath that connected to the Lautoka Hospital posed a danger to most houses along the street.
"My next door neighbour has already moved out of his home," he said.
"The footpath had collapsed because the soil was too soft from all the rain we had.
"Some of the water and mud went into my neighbour's house so they had to move."
Mr Chandra said other houses were also under threat.
"The thing about this landslide is that a lot more houses are located beside the footpath.
"It runs directly beside three or four houses and if it continues to rain, more mud can enter other houses including ours."
He said the damaged footpath had been closed to the public.
"There have been signs put up warning people not to use the footpath, but we think there should be more done.
"They need to build a retaining wall beside the footpath."
European fintech deals hit 5-year high in 2016
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Anyone who has jumped across the pond to visit their transatlantic cousins will have noticed that the two nations are prone to getting their wires crossed.
While Britain and the US may have historically shared a 'special relationship', it doesn't mean they're actually talking the same language.
From confusion over pants and trousers to the very different uses of the word rubber, a handy infographic has outlined 63 of the main differences between British and American English nouns.
Whether you're taking a vacation in the US or holiday in Britain you're likely to encounter different terms to describe everything from food to clothing, as highlighted by an infographic from Grammar Check.
Some differences, such as British football being called soccer in the US, are well known to sports fans, but tourists ordering food need to be vigilant if they don't want any dining surprises.
The name of potato-based items seems to be one of the most baffling differences. Chips in the US are crisps in the UK and chips in the UK are fries in the States.
The names of sweet snacks are also lost in translation with biscuits and sweets in Britain known as cookies and candy, respectively, in America.
You'll also need to be careful if you're visiting anywhere with a strict dress code.
A Brit told to come in pants and a vest would arrive in a state of undress compared to their formally attired American friends sporting waistcoats and trousers.
Similarly if a Brit were told there is only enough hand luggage space for a purse they might be left wondering what to do with the rest of their handbag.
Legal matters could cause confusion, too.
For any case where you would hire an attorney in America you'll need to look up a barrister in Britain.
Meanwhile, if you're American and your hire car breaks down while you're visiting the UK and a mechanic asks you to pop the bonnet, you may be left scratching your head.
The bonnet in Britain is the hood in America, while the boot in Britain is the trunk in the States.
Sonali Bendre Diagnosed With High-grade Cancer
Sonali further wrote, "A niggling pain led to some tests, which led to this unexpected diagnosis. My family and close friends have rallied around me, providing the best support system that anyone can ask for. I am very blessed and thankful for each of them."
The Actress Is Undergoing Treatment In New York.
"There is no better way to tackle this, than to take swift and immediate action. And so, as advised by my doctors, I am currently undergoing a course of treatment in New York. We remain optimistic and I am determined to fight every step of the way. What has helped has been the immense outpouring of love and support I've received over the past few days, for which I am very grateful. I'm taking this battle head on, knowing I have the strength of my family and friends behind me." - (sic)
TV Celebs Support Sonali Fight Against Cancer
Immediately after the actress broke the news, her fans and industry friends took to social media to wish the actress a speedy recovery. Television actors too, poured in wishes.
Shakti, Karan & Mandira
Shakti Arora: Our prayers are with u... u ll come out as a winner!! - (sic)
Karan Wahi: Have a speedy recovery. - (sic)
Mandira Bedi: God Bless. Beat it, hard and fast. And be well soon... - (sic)
Sophia, Mahi & Gauhar
Sophia Choudhary: Sending you all the love, strength, prayers in the world to fight this Sonali. God speed. - (sic)
Mahi Vij: We love you prayers prayers n just prayers. - (sic)
Gauhar Khan: Sending you all the positivity n love!!!! May you heal soon!! - (sic)
Ekta, Ayushman & KVB
Ekta Kapoor: You are going to b backkk! Ur in d duaaas of many! Get well sooon. - (sic)
Ayushman Khuranna: Prayers. Love. Wishes. - (sic)
Karanvir Bohra: Our prayers and blessings are with you..... praying for a speedy and health. - (sic)
Rucha & Gautami
Rucha Hasabnis: @iamsonalibendre Sending you all lots of love, positivity and healing energy. - (sic)
Gautami Kapoor: Sonali!!! You are a fighter. Love you... our prayers and thoughts with you. - (sic)
Napoli's Emanuele scores celebrates with teammates after scoring against Genoa.
Milan: Desperate Napoli fans have signed up as official Real Madrid supporters in a bid to attend a Champions League clash that will see an estimated 10,000 Neapolitans descend on the Spanish capital Wednesday.
Napoli, last season's runners-up, are nine points behind Juventus in the Serie A title race but, with a league-topping 57 goals in 24 games, are playing arguably the best football in Italy.
The southerners' first appearance in the last 16 of the competition since losing to Chelsea in 2012 has fans in a frenzy.
And Naples' mayor, Luigi De Magistris, is whipping it up.
“I know the mayor of Madrid well ... but we have to give them a nasty surprise on Wednesday,” De Magistris said in a video post on YouTube.
“Spain is a great country, but Naples is better and we have to go there looking to win.”
Along with Juventus, Napoli are supported by fans throughout the peninsula due to mass migration from the south during the post-war years to more industrial parts of Italy.
And fans are going to extreme measures to reach the Spanish capital.
Allocated only 3,917 tickets for the Santiago Bernabeu stadium, an estimated six thousand more Napoli fans want a piece of the action.
They have chartered planes, taken indirect flights via Istanbul, Zurich and Brussels and hired minibuses, according to widespread reports.
Most will be without a ticket, but gazzetta.it said: “Some have secured a ticket thanks to a Real Madrid-supporting friend or season-ticket holder while others have spent a fortune for a place in the executive boxes.
“But a lot more spent the 30 euros it costs, payable via internet, to become an official Madrid supporter (Madridista) in a bid to their hands on a coveted ticket.”
Some families are travelling via ferry from Civitavecchia to Barcelona then on to Madrid via train, on Monday. Seven other fans will embark on a 40-hour round trip over 4400 kilometres in a minibus.
But the statistics suggest disappointment awaits.
Napoli and Real have met only once in the competition, in 1987 when it was still the European Champions Clubs' Cup. After a 1-1 draw in Naples, Real won the second leg of their first round tie 2-0 to advance.
And the 11-times European champions are unbeaten in 11 consecutive Champions League games.
But Napoli midfielder Jose Callejon, along with teammate Raul Albiol a former Real player who came through the club's youth system, says it's time Napoli bared their teeth in Europe.
“It will be special to return to the Bernabeu, it's my home and I will always show my gratitude to the fans,” Callejon told La Sexta.
“We're on the ascendancy, and we have a lot of young players. We want to take a step up and become one of Europe's big sides.”
An upset of Zinedine Zidane's giants on Wednesday would set Napoli up well for the second leg at the San Paolo, added Callejon: “The San Paolo is incredible, it's our twelfth man.”
But again, the odds are against Maurizio Sarri's men, who have a far poorer record in European competition compared to a ‘Galacticos' side starring Cristiano Ronaldo.
Napoli have won two and lost four of their six away matches against Spanish opponents in Europe, and won none of their last four against La Liga sides.
In his time with Juventus, former France international Zidane never lost in six meetings with Napoli, scoring twice against the Azzurri.
Madrid have won eight of their 12 fixtures since drawing with Dortmund on match day six.
Since then, they lifted the Fifa Club World Cup and set a Spanish record of 40 games unbeaten in all competitions which was ended by a 2-1 defeat at Sevilla last month.
— AFP
The college basketball career of former McDonald's All-American Brian Bowen is officially over before it ever began as the South Carolina guard will stay in the 2018 NBA Draft.
According to an official release from the Gamecocks, the NCAA informed the school that Bowen would be ineligible for at least the 2018-19 season based on the alleged benefits the Bowen family received from Louisville. Since Bowen hadn't served a transfer year in residence at South Carolina, he was also potentially facing additional time that he would have to be out as well.
Bowen and his family were tied to the FBI's investigation into college basketball this fall as an Adidas executive is alleged to have been part of a scheme to deliver $100,000 to Bowen's family, according to court documents. Eventually cleared by the FBI on Nov. 2, Bowen was not allowed to play at Louisville.
After leaving Louisville amidst the investigation and enrolling at South Carolina in January, Bowen sat on the bench in the hopes of eventually being able to play for the Gamecocks. But the NCAA never gave the promising 6-foot-6 guard the chance to even begin his college basketball career.
“I am completely devastated by the NCAA's ruling,” Bowen said in the South Carolina release. “All I ever wanted to do was continue my education and play college basketball, however, after learning of the ruling, and discussing it with my family and attorney, I've decided to pursue my professional career. I'm grateful to the University of South Carolina and Frank Martin for believing in me and giving me the opportunity to be a Gamecock.”
This is a really tough break for Bowen, as he was likely never directly at fault for the stuff going on behind the scenes during his recruitment. While the evidence provided in the FBI investigation made it almost impossible for Bowen to be immediately eligible, he would have potentially missed over two years worth of time because of this situation.
For a former top-25 national recruit with a promising future, turning pro is probably the best course of action for Bowen at this point. It's disappointing that we'll never see Bowen play college basketball, but it's likely for the best that he moves on and continues his career away from these investigations.
2017 Teen Choice Awards – August 13, 2017 Teen Choice Awards 2017 - Arrivals LOS ANGELES, CA - AUGUST 13: (L-R) Ally Brooke, Normani Kordei, Dinah Jane and Lauren Jauregui of Fifth Harmony attends the Teen Choice Awards 2017 at Galen Center on August 13, 2017 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images)
How to take full advantage and benefit from the last part of Ramadan? Though all parts of Ramadan are full of…
Fatihu Beita No comments
Dubai: According to reports in some websites, Nokia is rumoured to be launching a high-end smartphone at the upcoming Mobile World Congress in Barcelona on February 27.
According to Russian website Worket, it could be called P1 and run Android 7.0 Nougat out-of-the-box and be powered by Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 835 processor with 6GB of RAM under the hood. The water and dust resistant phone will reportedly sport a 5.3-inch display protected with Corning Gorilla Glass 5 and have a fingerprint sensor and quick-charge capabilities on a 3,500mAh battery. It is rumoured to come with a 22MP snapper.
An earlier report on reputed website gsmarena had hinted about the Nokia 8, powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 835, with Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat) and boasting an Octa-core (4x2.45 GHz Kryo & 4x1.9 GHz Kryo), 6GB RAM and come in two variants 64/128 GB and a 24 MP snapper.
When Gulf News contacted HMD Global, the Finland-based company with rights to manufacture Nokia-branded devices, they remained non-committal. “We can't comment on any speculation about what we will announce on February 26, Per Ekman, Vice President, Middle East & North Africa, HMD Global, told Gulf News.
However, the fact that HMD Global is attending MWC 2017, is giving rise to speculation Nokia may unveil a high-end phone. And that could up the excitement in the smartphone segment dominated by the iPhones and the Galaxies.
After years of floundering in the wilderness (the forgettable Windows partnership), it does look like Nokia is trying to regain lost glory by embracing the Android platform. “Nokia is a trusted and well-loved brand across the world. It enjoys unrivalled brand awareness and an iconic status for design, reliability and usability. Our goal is to take the brand to a new generation of mobile users, with a new standard in design, material quality and manufacturing innovation for a true Nokia phone experience,” Ekman said.
Speaking to Gulf News, Ekman said their strategic partnership model differentiates them from their competitors. “We are bringing together the best of the industry to leverage world class partnerships with manufacturers, operating systems, brands and suppliers to bring the very best experience to consumers. Our strategic partnership model makes us asset light, nimble and agile.”
Nokia 6
The company had just last month (January 8) unveiled its first Android smartphone Nokia 6 in China. And given the response to the launch, it does look like Nokia is finally getting it right.
The Nokia 6 comes with Android 7.0 Nougat out-of-the-box and supports dual-SIM functionality. It has a 5.5-inch Full HD display of 1080x1920 pixel resolution. It is powered by an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 SoC, coupled with 4GB of RAM. There's also 64GB of internal storage, with support for microSD cards of up to 128GB in size.
Ekman said, “Nokia 6 is about precision craftsmanship and best in class multimedia experience. We believe premium is an experience not a price point, which is why we've gone the extra mile with Nokia 6's distinct design.
“It takes 55 minutes to machine a Nokia Plate shell from a solid block of aluminium. It then receives two separate anodising processes, taking over 12 hours to complete, with each phone being polished no less than five times. The end result is an aluminium unibody with the highest level of visual and structural quality – delivering a truly premium experience.
It's available in China for 1699 CNY (approx Dh920; $250)
“As the new home of Nokia phones, HMD will write the next chapter for these products,” the company states on its website.
Let's hope it's a smashing one!
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
Dawn Patrol: Little Wrigley among suburbs' first 2017 babies; Man arrested after firing gun to celebrate New Year
hello
Little Wrigley among suburbs' first 2017 babies
Newborn Wrigley Rose Dalbey -- named in honor of the Chicago Cubs -- entered the world at 12:12 a.m. Sunday and missed first place as the suburbs' first new year's baby -- by one minute. Wrigley wasn't due until Jan. 26, but was in a rush to try to nab the first baby of the new year honor, said Aaron Dalbey. Full story.
Man arrested after firing gun to celebrate New Year
The first case of 2017 for the Lake County Sheriff's Office came just after midnight Sunday when 911 callers reported a man shooting a handgun into the air. According to the sheriff's department, deputies were on their way to the 14600 block of West Wadsworth Road in Wadsworth when witnesses reported the man had gotten into a vehicle and left the area. Full story.
Police seek information on suspect in Aurora man's shooting
Aurora police are seeking information in the New Year's Eve shooting death of a 26-year-old Aurora man. Andrew Dockery of the 400 block of Jackson Street was shot just before 7 p.m. while he was standing outside in the 400 block of Melrose Avenue on the near southeast side. The shots were fired from a vehicle traveling east on Melrose, police said. Full story.
Suburban faith leaders share messages of peace, unity
Leaders of suburban faith communities came together Sunday to share messages of peace, unity and religious harmony during the 2017 World Peace Day Interfaith Prayer Service in Naperville. With minority religious communities facing backlash and the country's deep political and social divisions, the theme for this year's event was "Breaking Down Walls: Stories of Hope." Full story.
Plunging into the New Year in Lake Michigan
A lot of people find Lake Michigan too cold for swimming in summer. But more than 200 took the plunge on Sunday, marking New Year's Day and benefiting special recreation programs. Both air and water temperatures were around 35 degrees as participants rushed and dived into the lake during the 18th Annual Polar Bear Plunge at Waukegan's Municipal Beach. Full story.
Car strikes house in Geneva
A man injured his hand after the car he was driving veered off the road Sunday afternoon and struck a house in Geneva, emergency responders said. A 2010 Ford Taurus carrying two people was heading westbound in the 1400 block of Sherman Avenue when it left the roadway and struck the back of a single family home in the 0-100 block of Maple Court, Geneva police Sgt. Jeff Wolf said. Full story.
Weather
Mostly clear and 35 degrees this morning. Rain moves in during the afternoon, with highs in the low 40s. Lows tonight in the upper 30s. Full story.
Traffic
Bridge work is scheduled to reduce Route 31 to a single lane between Crane and Ferson Creek roads in St. Charles. Traffic is directed through the work zone one direction at a time via temporary signals. Full traffic.
Bears lose to Vikings, finish at 3-13
The final score in the Bears' 38-10 season-ending loss to the Vikings represented just some of the many depressing numbers facing a franchise near the bottom of the NFL barrel. The Bears' 3-13 record is their worst since the NFL went to 16-game schedule in 1978. Percentage-wise, it's the second-worst season in franchise history after the 1-13 disaster in 1969. Full story.
The scene of a serious crash near the Paluma turn-off.
The scene of a serious crash near the Paluma turn-off.
UPDATE 11pm: POLICE are investigating the cause of a fatal single vehicle crash that killed a Gracemere man.
A police report says the man was aged 37 and driving a light truck towing a box trailer north on the Bruce Highway, at Mutarnee, north-west of Townsville, about 5.30pm before the truck lost control and rolled several times.
The driver, the sole occupant of the truck, was pronounced deceased at the scene.
The highway was closed while rescue crews attended but has since reopened.
Investigations are continuing.
UPDATE 8.10PM: A man has died after a truck rollover on the Bruce Highway.
A Queensland Ambulance spokeswoman said the driver man was pronounced deceased at the scene.
A Queensland Fire and Emergency Service spokeswoman said firefighters had to extract the patient from the vehicle.
The spokeswoman said a medical helicopter was also in attendance to help at the scene.
The highway remained closed at 7.50pm.
The Forensic Crash Unit is investigating.
UPDATE 6.45PM: The driver of a truck that rolled on the Bruce Highway north of Townsville remains badly trapped.
A Queensland Fire and Emergency Service spokeswoman said fire and rescue crews were still working to release the man from the vehicle.
A witness who stopped to help said the crash looked very serious.
"I stopped my truck and ran over and went straight into the cab as no one was beside him and I was checking for a pulse," the witness said.
"I checked his wrist then his neck and under his armpit where I got a weak pulse.
"I kept calling his name but he didn't make a sound."
The witness said a rescue helicopter landed at the scene around 6.30pm.
Both lanes of the Bruce Highway are believed to be closed.
The vehicle, believed to be a body truck, was reported to be leaking fuel.
The crash occurred near Ollera Creek off the Bruce Highway, close to the Paluma turn-off.
A Queensland Police spokesman said police were first called to reports of a crash at 5.35pm.
BREAKING: EMERGENCY services are responding to reports of a truck leaking fuel with the unconscious driver trapped inside.
Police, paramedics and fire and rescue teams are rushing to the scene of the truck rollover on the Bruce Highway north of Townsville.
Emergency service crews from both Townsville and Ingham are understood to be responding.
The incident is believed to have occurred near Mutarnee, north of Rollingstone, about 5.40pm.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
By Isabella Patta, Staff Writer — A new exhibit at the Hunter museum features Latino artists and their work — ranging from imaginative to drawing on past experiences.
“Our America: The Latino Presence in American Art” will be displayed from Friday, Feb. 17 until Sunday, June 4.
The exhibition is drawn entirely from the Smithsonian American Art Museum in Washington D.C. and features close to 70 artists. The featured artists have Mexican, Puerto Rican, Cuban, Dominican or other Latin American roots.
The exhibition includes paintings, drawings, print, sculptures, installation pieces and photography.
Cara McGowan, director of marketing and communication at the Hunter Museum, said, “This exhibit captures the range of not only artistic media, but also the range of experience of these artists.”
It also touches on a number of subject areas: personal, political and historical, McGowan said.
One theme of the exhibit is “Migrating Through History,” which focuses on border crossing and the artists' journeys. Two of the featured artists are Scherezade Garcia and Muriel Hasbun.
Other art pieces are purely imaginative and artistic and don't reflect the past.
“There is something for everybody in this show, and that's what we really hope people experience when they come,” McGowan said.
The exhibit has a total of nine themes, featuring pieces from abstract expressionism to time-based art. Olga Albizu is one of the featured artists. Stan Getz and Bill Evans used some of Albizu's abstract expressionists paintings, including the “Radiante” painting, as record covers for Jazz albums.
“We want people to feel that the museum is for them,” McGowan said. “It's for everyone in the community. We want to encourage people to come, look around and discover something new, because things are always changing around here.”
Another new exhibition will open on March 17. “(Re)Invention,” from the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, features the work of emerging artists, who are 16 to 25 years old and have disabilities. Kate Pincus-Whitney, one of the artists, will talk about her experience at the opening reception on Mar. 16, 6-7 p.m.
Opening times and hours of the museum can be found on the museum's website, huntermuseum.org. Students are encouraged to purchase a student membership, which is $15 per year and offers unlimited access. The museum offers free admission on the first Thursday of each month, where accessing the special exhibitions, like “Our America: The Latino Presence in American Art,” costs $5.
OTTAWA — The federal Conservatives blew past their governing Liberal rivals in last year's annual fundraising race — in donors as well as dollars.
Annual financial reports published on the Elections Canada website show the Tories raised $18.84 million from 94,786 contributors in 2017, outflanking the Liberals by nearly $5 million.
That's compared with $18.25 million the Conservatives raised from 82,662 donors in 2016.
For their part, the Liberals raised $13.89 million from just 64,444 contributors, compared with $17.18 million from 82,285 donors the previous year.
Related Coverage Laptop in Las Vegas shooter's suite was missing hard drive
CHANDLER, Ariz. (AP) — An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman who carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was charged Friday with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets, according to court documents.
Unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where Stephen Paddock launched the Oct. 1 attack had the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig, according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Phoenix. It says Haig didn't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition.
Haig has acknowledged selling 720 rounds of tracer ammunition to Paddock in the weeks before the shooting that killed 58 people. Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
The criminal charge involves another type of ammunition — armor-piercing bullets.
The documents don't say if any ammunition tied to Paddock was used in the attack. Las Vegas police wouldn't say whether armor-piercing bullets were used in the shooting but referred to a preliminary report saying some rifle magazines were loaded with armor-piercing ammunition.
Haig, a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years, was charged 35 minutes before holding a news conference where he said he didn't notice anything suspicious when he sold the tracer rounds to Paddock.
Haig told investigators that when Paddock bought the ammunition at his home in suburban Phoenix, Paddock went to his car to get gloves and put them on before taking the box from Haig, the complaint said.
“I had no contribution to what Paddock did,” Haig told reporters earlier Friday, adding that there was nothing unusual about the type or quantity of ammunition the shooter bought. “I had no way to see into his mind.”
A phone message left for Haig's attorney, Marc Victor, wasn't immediately returned.
The two armor-piercing bullets found in Paddock's hotel room with Haig's fingerprints had an “incendiary capsule” on their noses, the documents said. A forensic analysis of those two bullets had tool marks consistent with the equipment in Haig's backyard workshop, according to the complaint.
It also alleges that FBI agents searching Haig's home on Oct. 19 found armor-piercing ammunition.
The complaint said Haig sold such bullets in more than 100 instances to customers across the United States, including Nevada, Texas, Virginia, Wyoming and South Carolina.
He appeared in court Friday and was released under the condition he not possesses guns or ammunition. If convicted, he could face up to five years in prison and a fine as high as $250,000.
Haig and his business partner, whose name wasn't provided, sold 40 to 50 rounds of incendiary rounds to Paddock in late August at a Las Vegas gun show, according to the complaint.
The next month, Haig said he met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show and that he was well-dressed and polite.
He didn't have the quantity of tracer ammunition on hand that Paddock was seeking, so Paddock contacted him several days later and lined up a sale at Haig's home.
Haig said he was shocked and sickened when a federal agent informed him of the massacre 11 hours after it unfolded.
Haig's lawyer said they held the news conference in a bid to protect his reputation after he was revealed earlier this week to be a “person of interest” in the investigation. Haig's identity emerged by mistake after his name was not redacted in court documents.
A law enforcement official previously told The Associated Press that investigators don't believe Haig had any involvement or knowledge of the planned attack when he sold ammunition to Paddock. The official wasn't authorized to discuss an ongoing investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Haig arose in the investigation when a box with his name and address was found in the Mandalay Bay hotel suite where Paddock opened fire on a music festival below.
He gave the box to Paddock to carry the 720 rounds of tracer ammunition from the sale.
Haig said Paddock told him that “he was going to go out to the desert to put on a light show, either with or for his friends. I can't remember whether he used the word ‘with' or ‘for.' But he said that he was going out at night to shoot it with friends.”
Haig, who has closed his ammunition business, said he has received unwanted media attention and death threats since his name was released.
The FBI didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. The U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives referred questions to the U.S. attorney's office in Las Vegas, which declined to comment.
Thousands of people gathered in Yerevan on Tuesday to lay flowers in commemoration of the mass killings of Armenians by Ottoman Turks a century ago.
The mass killings and expulsions of around one million Armenians between 1915 and 1917 is view by many historians as the 20th century's first genocide.
This year's remembrance day falls a day after former President Serzh Sargsyan resigned from his new post of prime minister.
SAN DIEGO -- For the first time in five years, there's an AFC West champion not named the Denver Broncos.
For the first time in four years, Mike McCoy isn't the Chargers' coach after he was fired.
Alex Smith threw two touchdown passes and ran for another as the Kansas City Chiefs beat the San Diego Chargers 37-27 on Sunday afternoon to win the AFC West.
The combination of the Chiefs (12-4) sweeping the season series from the Chargers (5-11), and the Oakland Raiders' loss to the Denver Broncos, gave K.C. its first divisional title since 2010. It gets a first-round bye and will host a second-round playoff game.
"For us it was such a big swing, to go from potentially playing a road game in the wild card to a bye and hosting a game, there was no in-between there," Smith said. "We took care of our end and got some help from Denver, so it was pretty sweet, we saw the score there at the end, and we had our deal sealed up. Pretty awesome, and to win the division is special as well, that's something that this group hasn't done."
The Chargers have lost 23 of the past 32 games and 13 of 14 against AFC West foes. It was too long of a skid for the Chargers' brass, which canned McCoy after he went 27-37.
Smith was 21 of 28 for 264 yards, with two touchdowns and an interception. Charcandrick West had both of the scoring receptions.
Philip Rivers completed 22 of 38 for 269 yards, two touchdowns and two interceptions.
"We gave ourselves a chance," Rivers said. "We turned it over twice, which killed us."
Antonio Gates dropped what would have been an NFL record touchdown reception for tight ends in the fourth quarter. After Gates, who earlier tied Tony Gonzalez with his 111th career scoring catch, was unable to collect Rivers' pass, Josh Lambo kicked a 29-yard field goal.
Gates was being tracked by numerous Chiefs defenders.
"It was drawn up perfectly," Gates said. "I knew the second touchdown was going to have been a spectacular catch. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to make a catch."
Tyreek Hill returned a punt a franchise-record 95 yards for a score in the third quarter's final minute, extending the Chiefs' lead to 34-17.
"All in all, it was a good win, all the way around," Chiefs coach Andy Reid said.
After climbing back into the game, the Chargers proved again to have no answer for the Chiefs' offense.
On the same play, which resulted in his first touchdown catch, West was all alone near the goal line as Smith rolled to his right. Smith's quick toss covered 4 yards and the Chiefs seized control, 27-17.
Kansas City was about to turn the game into a route, marching to the San Diego 16 to start the second half. But Jahleel Addae snatched a deflected ball from the air and returned 90 yards for a touchdown. Suddenly, the Chargers trailed just 20-17, but they would get no closer.
Trying to force a ball into double coverage, Rivers set a career-high with his 21st interception -- corralled by Daniel Sorensen -- toward the end of the first half. The Chiefs stretched their lead to 20-10 off the turnover, as Cairo Santos kicked a 25-yard field goal.
Rivers threw the first of his two opening-half interception -- this one picked off by Marcus Peters -- and the Chiefs didn't waste the opportunity.
With about six minutes remaining in the half, Smith rolled to his right and connected with a wide-open West. The 4-yard touchdown gave the Chiefs a 17-10 cushion.
Smith ran around the left side for a 5-yard touchdown, knotting the score at 10-10 with 12:53 to play in the second quarter.
Gates carved his name in the NFL record book with his 2-yard, second-quarter touchdown that delivered a 10-3 Chargers' lead. Gates' reception marked his 111th career touchdown catch, tying him with Tony Gonzalez for the most by a tight end in league history.
The Chiefs, on their second series, pulled even with the Chargers at 3-3. Santos kicked a 35-yard field goal after the Chiefs had the ball at the San Diego 10. But a sack and tackle for a loss by Joey Bosa made Kansas City settle for three.
Lambo capped the Chargers' first possession with a 35-yard field goal.
NOTES: San Diego S Darrell Stuckey (knee) and LB Christopher Landrum (concussion) were injured in the first half and did not return. ... Kansas City OLB Justin Houston (knee) was out, replaced by Tamba Hali in the starting lineup. ... Chiefs RB Spencer Ware (ribs) was also unable to play. ... The Chiefs elevated LB Justin March from the practice squad. ... Kansas City DE David King was waived. ... Chargers LT King Dunlap (knee) was out. ... RB Melvin Gordon (hip, knee) didn't play and ended the season three rushing yards shy of 1,000. ... In potentially the final Chargers' game in San Diego, tickets were on sale for $33 on the secondary market.
Team Stats Summary
This is Nigeria, where everybody is criminal, politicians wey thief billions no dey go prison o,.. says Nigerian rapper, actor, and songwriter; Folarin Falana aka Falz The Bahd Guy.
Falz The Bahd Guy in this new song making wave allover the world xrayed the sordid situation in Nigeria.
What is your take on this ?
Is Fela Anikulapo Kuti back in Falz The Bahd Guy ?
Are we all criminals?
WILMINGTON, NC (WWAY) — The Hannah Block Community Arts Center is holding an open house, going back to its roots, for Independence Day.
The public is invited between 1:00 – 6:00 pm as the center will bring you back into the 1940's, around the time the building was first built. Staff will be in costume the Cape Fear Swing Dance Society will bring the music and movements from the iconic era.
- Advertisement -
A documentary film, Home Away From Home, will also be shown all afternoon to honor the 75th anniversary of the USO building. The Wilmington Film Museum will be open for tours all day. The exhibit features artifacts, images and trivia from films made in Wilmington and elsewhere in North Carolina.
Coffee and doughnuts are free and sodas will return to the World War II price of five cents.
Microsoft's Xbox division has confirmed that support for 120Hz refresh rate displays is coming to the Xbox One console family of consoles in a preview update scheduled for release next month, though it will be limited to 1080p and 1440p resolutions.
Following February's release of an update adding 1440p resolution support and an automatic low-latency mode toggle to the Xbox One S and higher-performance Xbox One X games consoles, Microsoft has been working on increasing the consoles' maximum supported refresh rate. The result: The May Xbox Update for members of the Xbox Insiders programme, which provides access to alpha- and beta-status updates prior to their public release, will be the first to allow players to switch the video output of the consoles to 120Hz, double the previous maximum of 60Hz.
Those looking to take advantage of the functionality, though, will not be able to do so if they're the lucky owners of Ultra HD (consumer 4K) displays: Microsoft's Bradley Rossetti, Xbox Insider team lead, has confirmed that the feature will be available only when using a 1080p or 1440p display.
As well as 120Hz refresh rate support, the May Xbox Insiders update will include the ability to group games and software applications, but only for limited numbers of randomly-selected users in the alpha-status release ring, the ability to trim video clips directly in the Xbox Guide without loading the Upload Studio application, improved family sharing, a better Xbox Accessories application layout, and new functions for controller buttons in the Xbox Dashboard.
More information on the upcoming release is available on the official website.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — After five days of scouring the life of Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock and chasing 1,000 leads, investigators confessed Friday they still don't know what drove him to mass murder, and they announced plans to put up billboards appealing for the public's help.
In their effort to find any hint of his motive, investigators were looking into whether he was with a prostitute days before the shooting, scrutinizing cruises he took and trying to make sense of a cryptic note with numbers jotted on it found in his hotel room, a federal official said.
So far, examinations of Paddock's politics, finances, any possible radicalization and his social behavior — typical investigative avenues that have helped uncover the motive in past shootings — have turned up little.
“We still do not have a clear motive or reason why,” Clark County Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said. “We have looked at literally everything.”
The FBI announced that billboards would go up around the city asking anyone with information to phone 800-CALL-FBI.
“If you know something, say something,” said Aaron Rouse, agent in charge of the Las Vegas FBI office. “We will not stop until we have the truth.”
Paddock, a reclusive 64-year-old high-stakes gambler, rained bullets on the crowd at a country music festival Sunday night from his 32nd-floor hotel suite, killing 58 and wounding hundreds before taking his own life.
McMahill said investigators had reviewed voluminous video from the casino and don't think Paddock had an accomplice in the shooting, but they want to know if anyone knew about his plot beforehand.
Investigators believe Paddock hired a prostitute in the days leading up to the shooting and were interviewing other call girls for information, a U.S. official briefed by federal law enforcement officials said. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
The official also disclosed that Paddock took at least a dozen cruises abroad in the last few years, most of them with his girlfriend, Marilou Danley. At least one sailed to the Middle East.
It is unusual to have so few hints of a motive five days after a mass shooting. In previous mass killings or terrorist attacks, killers left notes, social media postings and information on a computer — or even phoned police.
“The lack of a social media footprint is likely intentional,” said Erroll Southers, director of homegrown violent extremism studies at the University of Southern California. “We're so used to, in the first 24 to 48 hours, being able to review social media posts. If they don't leave us a note behind or a manifesto behind, and we're not seeing that, that's what's making this longer.”
What officers have found is that Paddock planned his attack meticulously.
He requested an upper-floor room overlooking the festival, stockpiled 23 guns, a dozen of them modified to fire continuously like an automatic weapon, and set up cameras inside and outside his room to watch for approaching officers.
In a possible sign he was contemplating massacres at other sites, he also booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September, according to authorities reconstructing his movements leading up to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
His arsenal also included tracer rounds that can improve a shooter's firing accuracy in the dark, a law enforcement official told AP. It wasn't clear whether Paddock fired any of the illuminated bullets during the high-rise massacre.
Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of the .308-caliber and .223-caliber tracer ammunition from a private buyer he met at a Phoenix gun show, a law enforcement official not authorized to comment on the investigation said on condition of anonymity.
Tracer rounds illuminate their path so a gunman can home in on targets at night. But they can also give away the shooter's position.
Video shot of the pandemonium that erupted when Paddock started strafing the festival showed a muzzle flash from his room at the Mandalay Bay resort, but bullets weren't visible in the night sky.
Investigators are looking into Paddock's mental health and any medications he was on, McMahill said.
His girlfriend, Danley, told FBI agents Wednesday that she had not noticed any changes in his mental state or indications he could become violent, the federal official said.
Paddock sent Danley on a trip to her native Philippines before the attack, and she was unaware of his plans and devastated when she learned of the carnage while overseas, she said in a statement.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Kyrie Irving scored 37 points, Kevin Love added 27 and the Cleveland Cavaliers avoided another fourth-quarter collapse in Game 2, beating the Indiana Pacers 117-111 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
After squeaking out the opener by a point, LeBron James and Co. showed more intensity on defense, more swagger in general and won their 10th straight first-round game over the past three seasons.
However, they nearly blew an 18-point lead in the fourth as the Pacers got within four before Cleveland closed it out at the line.
James added 10 rebounds and seven assists, but had eight of Cleveland's 19 turnovers.
Game 3 is Thursday night.
Paul George scored 32 and Jeff Teague 23 for Indiana, which showed more fight, but now has a steep hill to climb to get back in the series. Cleveland is 12-0 when starting 2-0 in the postseason.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Barbara M. (Harriman) Kirkland, 72, passed away on April 13, 2017 at St. Luke's Hospital after a brief illness. She was the wife of Robert K. Kirkland, with whom she shared 34 wonderful and memorable years of marriage. She was the daughter of the late Nelson F. Harriman, Jr. and Margaret A. (MacDonald) Harriman. Barbara was predeceased by her sister Joyce and brother Frank.
Barbara was born in New Bedford, MA and raised in Mattapoisett, a town that she and her husband loved very much and where she spent her entire life, with the exception of a short work period in CT.
Barbara got a teaching degree in Health and Physical Education from Bridgewater State College. Upon graduation, she worked for a short period as a PE instructor at Bennet Junior High in Manchester, CT. When she returned to Mattapoisett she continued her education at BSC while accepting a job in the Sandwich school system as the Health and PE instructor, she held this position for 16 years. In 1983 she married the love of her life Robert “Bob” Kirkland. In 1985 Barbara left teaching to be a caregiver to both hers and Bob's parents.
Barbara was a woman of many firsts, hers was the first graduating class of the then new ORR High School in 1962 and she was also a member of the first women's team to enter the Mattapoisett boat race. Barbara will always be remembered for the twinkle in her eyes and the love that she shared with so many people. She will be sorely missed by all who had the pleasure to know her.
Her Funeral Service will be held on Tuesday, April 18, 2017 at 12 Noon at the Saunders-Dwyer Mattapoisett Home for Funerals, 50 County Rd. (Rt.6), Mattapoisett. Visitation will be from 9 AM – Noon, prior to the service. Burial will follow in Cushing Cemetery. For directions and guestbook please visit www.saundersdwyer.com.
The Haryana government today issued transfer and posting orders of eight IPS officers with immediate effect.
K K Mishra, DGP, Police Headquarters, Panchkula has been posted DG, Headquarters, Panchkula relieving P K Agrawal, Additional DG, Headquarters of the charge.
P K Agrawal, ADG, Headquarters, Panchkula has been given additional charge of ADG, Crime, an official release said here.
Hardeep Singh Doon, IGP, Haryana Armed Police (HAP), Madhuban has been posted in addition as IGP, Administration Haryana, Panchkula.
B Sathesh Balan, Commandant, 1st India Reserve Batallion, Bhondsi (Gurugram), has been posted DIG, STF, Bhondsi, the release said.
Sangeeta Kalia, SP, Panipat has been posted Commandant, 1st IRB, Bhondsi in Balan's place.
Manbir Singh, SP, State Vigilance Bureau, Gurugram has been posted SP, Panipat in place of Sangeeta Kalia.
Partiksha Godara, Commandant, 3rd Battalion, HAP, Hisar has been given additional charge of SP, Hansi.
Rajesh Duggal, SP, Rewari has been given additional charge of Commandant, 3rd Battalion, HAP, Hisar relieving Partiksha Godara of the charge.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) — South Florida residents are being asked to be conservative with their water as hotter and drier than normal conditions are expected within the coming months.
Last week the South Florida Water Management District issued a water shortage warning to all of the 8.1 million residents within the 16 counties that includes Miami-Dade, Broward and Palm Beach counties.
“The purpose of this warning is to urge South Florida families to voluntarily conserve more water,” said SFWMD Governing Board Chairman Dan O'Keefe. “This effort will help your water supply last through the remainder of the dry season.”
The best way to be more conservative with our water supply is to minimize your use of H2O for your lawn. Click here to see your water use limits for your landscaping based on your county rules.
Officials say if locals don't voluntarily comply, they may look into mandatory restrictions on water use to be able to distribute the remaining water supply and make it last until wet season which typically starts June 1st.
At last check, since the start of the dry season on November 1st, there has been less than half (44%) of the average rainfall in South Florida, according to SFWMD. Miami-Dade County was the only area from Orlando to the Florida Keys that got normal rainfall levels.
Last week, Florida Governor Rick Scott declared a State of Emergency due to the drier conditions that have helped wildfires spread through parts of the state. With hotter and drier conditions expected, there's an increased chance that more wildfires will spark and spread.
There's also a ban in place on all open fires and campfires within Hendry, Glades, Okeechobee, Osceola and Polk counties. If drought conditions continue, the ban could be expanded to other locations.
Secretary of Defense James Mattis issued a strong warning to North Korea Monday: "If they shoot at the United States, I'm assuming they've hit the United States. ... If they do that, then it's game on."
"You don't shoot at people in this world unless you want to bear the consequences," Mattis told reporters at the Pentagon.
Soon after Mattis issued his warning, state-run North Korean media outlet KCNA reported that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un had inspected his military's plan to launch missiles at Guam and discussed the possibility of a strike with his top commanders.
"He said that if the planned fire of power demonstration is carried out as the US is going more reckless, it will be the most delightful historic moment when the Hwasong artillerymen will wring the windpipes of the Yankees and point daggers at their necks, underlining the need to be always ready for launching to go into action anytime once our Party decides," the report said.
Mattis said that the US military would be able to determine "within moments" after launch whether or not a North Korean missile was headed for US territory, including Guam. He later added that the US would "take it out" if the missile was determined to be headed for any US territory.
But he also made clear that while the military was poised to protect Guam from the North Korean military threat, a declaration of war was a decision that remains with President Donald Trump and Congress.
"War is up to the President, perhaps up to the Congress, the bottom line is we will defend the country from an attack, for us that's war, that's a wartime situation," he said.
"We will defend the country from any attack, at any time, from any quarter. Yes, that means for a lot of young troops they're going to be in a wartime situation, welcome to reality. But it's not declaring war, it's not that I'm over here Dr. Strangelove doing things like that," he added.
President Trump is due to discuss the crisis with Japanese Prime Minister Abe in a phone call later Monday Washington time.
Mattis' warning comes as a senior US defense official tells CNN that American spy satellites have observed a mobile missile launcher capable of launching an intermediate range ballistic missile being moved in a way that leads the US military to believe preparations are being made for a possible intermediate ballistic launch.
The official cautioned that at this point it's not believed to be directly related to the threat issued by North Korea last week to strike the waters near Guam. However, the official did acknowledge that given typical North Korean missile launch cycles, the recent movement does suggest the regime could be readying for a potential launch of a single missile as soon as in 24 to 48 hours if there has been a decision to proceed with a launch.
Several US officials continue to tell CNN that North Korea often moves missiles and launch equipment around, but that such movements do not necessarily mean there has been a decision to conduct an imminent launch.
The official would not say if there was a missile on the launcher at this time.
On Friday, CNN reported that US spy satellites had observed increased activity at the Chamjin missile factory, according to US defense officials. One US defense official told CNN that US intelligence has assessed that a "probable ballistic missile" was being readied for shipment based on the activity observed. North Korea monitoring project 38 North reports that the Chamjin factory produces many of the medium, intermediate, and intercontinental ballistic missiles used by the regime.
The US and South Korea will start their Ulchi-Freedom Guardian joint military exercises next week. The drills antagonize the North Koreans, as Pyongyang believes they are preparations for an invasion. Seoul and Washington say the exercises are defensive in nature.
People use newly installed automated security lanes at McCarran International airport — one of the airports where an Oregon man made harassing calls, reporting family members as terrorists because they were invited to a family wedding and he wasn't, according to court documents. John Locher AP
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott throws water on guard Zack Martin at the end of the Reliant Home Run Derby charity competition at Dr Pepper Ballpark in Frisco, Texas Wednesday May 16, 2018. Proceeds from the derby will benefit The Salvation Army. (Andy Jacobsohn/The Dallas Morning News)
Ezekiel Elliott, left, of the Dallas Cowboys celebrates Zack Martin's home run to secure $50,000 on behalf of Reliant for The Salvation Army Youth Education Town on Wednesday, May 16, 2018, in Frisco, Texas. (Brandon Wade/AP Images for Reliant)
Jean-Jacques Taylor, Cowboys insider for NBC 5 in Dallas-Fort Worth (KXAS-TV) and host of J Dub City 9 a.m.-1 p.m. weekdays on 103.3 KESN-FM, answered your questions about the Cowboys in a live chat recently. Here are some highlights:
What will you be watching at OTAs this week?
Taylor: It's hard to tell much in the Underwear Olympics. I would say I'm more interested in seeing what the coaches do from a conceptual standpoint in terms of bunch routes and pick plays.
Will Zack Martin have his new deal before training camp?
Taylor: There's every indication he'll have it before the start of camp. Or, maybe, before the end of camp. Both sides want to get it done. They're not that far apart, so it'll eventually get done.
Could Jihad Ward or Datone Jones be sleeper players for the Cowboys? Nobody's really talking about them.
We know Antonio Banderas for his movies, but the actor also has a love of high fashion. The always stylish Antonio sat down with Deco to talk about Miami Fashion Week, which kicks off Wednesday evening.
Designers, models and fashionistas are in town for Miami Fashion Week.
The five-day event will feature collections from established and up-and-coming designers.
Antonio Banderas: “We have had several days of fashion excitement.”
Antonio Banderas returns as the events' honorary president.
He wants to put Miami on the map as a fashion destination, along with New York, Paris and Milan.
Antonio Banderas: “The big designers are putting their eyes on Miami Fashion Week like the possibility of becoming one of the future big cities of fashion in the world.”
Guests will see collections from Custo Barcelona and Ágatha Ruiz de la Prada, along with one of Antonio's favorites.
Antonio Banderas: “This year, something extraordinary is going to happen with Roberto Cavalli. He's going to present 25 garments from his latest collection.”
Banderas currently stars in National Geographic's “Genius” series playing Pablo Picasso.
Turns out the actor caught the fashion bug after launching his line of fragrances.
Antonio Banderas: “The genesis was the perfume company. It was an idea of friends of mine. It was very weird because, normally, it happens in the opposite direction. You start with the garments and the fashion and then the perfumes and all those complements come later. But I started in the opposite direction.”
Antonio will host a charity gala with proceeds going to Nicklaus Children's Hospital.
It's all part of a plan to put Miami on the fashion map.
Antonio Banderas: “Last year, we were packed. What's gonna happen this year? It's pretty much just to see how this city has the capacity to take actually take this as something that is theirs.”
FOR MORE INFO:
Miami Fashion Week
https://miamifashionweek.com/
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A retired Metro Police homicide detective gave insight to the newly released 1 October police body camera videos.
Detective Phil Ramos watched the video and said he can only imagine what was going through those detectives' minds as they stood outside Stephen Paddock's hotel room door.
“The thing that struck me was how tense and how stressful it was for those guys getting ready. You can hear it in their voices and you can see sweat on their faces. They're very anxious, one: to get in, but also there's a sense of, 'Are we gonna get out of here?'” Ramos said.
Many people questioned why the first officer into the room didn't turn on his body camera.
“In this specific circumstance when it's a nightmare scenario unfolding, you don't know if you're gonna have a fire fight and you may not come back out of there. Turning on the body cam [forgetting], to me, was something that I can see happening and I don't fault him one bit,” Ramos said.
[RELATED: Full FOX5 coverage of the 1 October shooting]
When an officer accidentally fired his gun, Ramos also said that's not extremely surprising.
“I think what may have happened is they were so intent on expecting to be in a fire fight that they were ready to start pulling those triggers. Because in a situation like that, you can't wait until a gunshot's coming at you to react,” Ramos said.
“I was a little surprised (that the body camera footage didn't have a time stamp on it). “I don't know that the officers have the option to turn that time stamp off, but it could be that the cameras they were using didn't have a time stamp on them.
Ramos said while the video shows a portion of the night, there is still a lot to come and conclusions can't be drawn from just these videos.
To view the videos, click here.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Written and Media by Kyler Stork.
The Panther basketball team came out Wed. Feb. 9 to make a statement. Greenville was hungry for the win after IWU beat them 140-119 at their home court. With a win, they would punch their ticket to the postseason SLIAC tournament. During the game, the crowd was electrifying as the Panthers jumped out to a 29-21 lead after senior, Kenny Greene's, dunk. Greene also fired from a long range all night. He finished with 26 points and 15 rebounds. The Panthers went into the locker room at half leading the Tigers 65-58.
In the second half, senior, Stevonte Young, gave the Panthers energy on defense swiping four steals. Greenville tallied 15 steals for the night and made sure they capitalized off the IWU turnovers. The Panthers did not take that for granted as they scored 34 points off the IWU mistakes. Late in the second half, senior Shane Smith gave the Panthers all the energy they needed. Smith drove through the lane and slammed it home giving the Panthers a 106-99 lead with six minutes to go. The crowd yelled and cheered, “Let's go Panthers”, as Greenville never looked back. Smith scored 19 points and senior forward, Elmo Smith, provided 20 points to go with his six rebounds. Sophomore, Johari Dix, did most of the assisting through the game as he led the team with seven assists. When the buzzer sounded, the crowd erupted as the Panthers got the victory 122-114.
With the win, the Panthers moved to 18-4, 12-3 SLIAC, which gave them a reserved spot in the SLIAC postseason tournament. Right now, the Panthers are in first place as they head to Eureka for another conference game. The game is set for 3 PM Feb. 11 at the Eureka gymnasium. Don't miss it!
INDEPENDENCE, Mo. — Westbound Interstate 70 is closed at Interstate 470 in Independence after a crash Wednesday night.
Drivers are urged to find an alternate route. Officials have not indicated when the interstate will reopen to westbound traffic.
Independence police dispatch said four vehicles were involved in the crash, which caused significant damage. Details about any potential injuries were not available.
FOX4 will update this story as more information is confirmed.
This story is about Published 7h
Key Cowboys-Packers matchups: Will Ezekiel Elliott torch Green Bay run D a third time? Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Louis DeLuca/Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott (21) runs for big yardage in the first quarter during the Dallas Cowboys vs. the Green Bay Packers NFL football game at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin, on Sunday, October 16, 2016. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
By Jon Machota , Staff Writer Contact Jon Machota on Twitter: @jonmachota
FRISCO - The Cowboys have developed a rivalry recently with the Packers, playing five times in the last four seasons. Green Bay holds the upper hand with four wins, including two in the playoffs.
But both rosters have changed significantly over the last few years, so here are three matchups you need to know heading into Sunday's game. Aaron Rodgers vs. Cowboys' pass rush
G.J. McCarthy/Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys defensive tackle David Irving (95) Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers during the second half of Dallas' 30-16 win Sunday, October 16, 2016 at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wis. (G.J. McCarthy/The Dallas Morning News)
Discipline will be the key. Get too far up field, Rodgers will step up or outside of the pocket where he's most accurate. The plan is to keep him in a well, meaning there are players surrounding him at all times. He'll still complete throws in that situation but his accuracy has been proven to decrease significantly. Rodgers is also excellent at quickly getting back up to the line of scrimmage after a play, making it difficult for a defense to substitute players. Get caught trying to run a player off the field, Rodgers will get the ball snapped, ending up in a free play and a penalty for too many men on the field. "You got to rush smarter," Cowboys defensive tackle Maliek Collins said of facing Rodgers. "I think it comes down to how we play as a front. How do we contain him." How do you simulate that in practice? "We got a good guy across from us," Collins said while looking towards Dak Prescott. "No. 4 over there." Ezekiel Elliott vs. Packers' run defense
Louis DeLuca/Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott (21) runs for yardage during the Dallas Cowboys vs. the Green Bay Packers NFL football game at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin, on Sunday, October 16, 2016. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
Elliott had two outstanding games running the football against the Packers last season. The 2016 NFL rushing champ totaled 157 yards on 28 carries in Green Bay during Dallas' 30-16 win last October. He had 125 yards on 22 carries in the 34-31 playoff loss at AT&T Stadium in January.
Those 282 yards are five more than he has in four games this season. What can Elliott use from those games on Sunday? "Just go back and see what worked last year," Elliott said. "Just see what plays that we ran last year that were successful and see what we're running this year and just revisit the film, see what I did well and try to build on that." Elliott is averaging 3.6 yards per carry this season. He averaged 5.6 yards per carry last year against Green Bay. Dez Bryant vs. Kevin King
Ashley Landis/Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Dez Bryant (88) dives over the goal line for a touchdown while being tackled by Green Bay Packers cornerback LaDarius Gunter (36) during the fourth quarter of their divisional playoff game on Friday, January 15, 2017 in Arlington, Texas. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
King is a rookie cornerback that the Cowboys considered drafting late in the first round this year. He has the ideal size (6-3) and athletic ability to match up against bigger receivers. He's already had reps against Julio Jones and A.J. Green. Now, he's expected to see a lot of Bryant. "Liked him a lot," Cowboys coach Jason Garrett said of King this week. "Big, long, athletic corner, good cover guy, had a good feel for playing. A lot of ability and a lot of potential going forward, so it doesn't surprise us one bit he was picked as high as he was." Here's how opponents' top receivers have done against the Packers this season. Player Team Targets Catches Result Doug Baldwin Seahawks 4 4 63 yards, zero TDs Julio Jones Falcons 9 5 108 yards, zero TDs A.J. Green Bengals 13 10 111 yards, one TD Kendall Wright Bears 4 4 51 yards, zero TDs Twitter: @jonmachota
HALLANDALE BEACH, FLA. (WSVN) - A woman was killed after, officials said, she was hit by a vehicle while crossing the road in Hallandale Beach, Monday afternoon.
Hallandale Beach Police said the crash took place in the westbound lanes of the 2500 block of East Hallandale Beach Boulevard, just west of A1A, at around 2:30 p.m.
Paramedics transported the victim to Memorial Regional Hospital where she was pronounced dead.
Authorities have shut down all westbound lanes of Hallandale Beach Boulevard between A1A and Three Islands Boulevard.
Investigators described the victim as a woman in her 60s. They have not provided further details about the circumstances behind the accident.
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this breaking story.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Chicago authorities have determined that‘ death in September was an accident.
The nation was shaken when news that the 19-year-old Chicago girl had been found dead in a freezer last month. The story inspired internet sleuths to do some digging in an attempt to find out who may have killed her. The public grieved along with her mother, who believes there has been a coverup in Kenneka's death. She has even led protests outside of the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Rosemont where she found.
According to The Chicago Tribune, however, the Cook County Medical Examiner's Office ruled that Kenneka's death was an accident. The office announced today that she ultimately died of hypothermia, but that drugs and alcohol did contribute to her demise.
The medical examiner's toxicoloy report found that Kenneka had a 0.112 blood-alcohol level at the time of her death, which is above the legal limit of 0.08. Medical examinders also tests for a number of narcotics, medications, and chemical compounds to find out if she had been exposed to any date rape drugs. Reportedly, she had topiramate in her system.
Topiramate is a medication meant to treat epilepsy and migraines, but a statement from a Chicago morgue explained that it can intensify the symptoms of drunkeness, such as “dizziness, impaired memory, impaired concentration, poor coordination, confusion and impaired judgment.” Kenneka's family said she did not have a prescription for topiramate when she ingested it.
Based on its findings, the morgue announced that it has ruled out any foul play in Kenneka's death, stating:
“There is no evidence, per the police investigation, that Ms. Jenkins was forced to consume the alcohol or the drug. There is no evidence of another person in the vicinity of the kitchen with the decedent and there is no evidence of an altercation or interaction with another individual in the time immediately prior to demise. There was no other evidence of external or internal trauma due to physical abuse.”
It should be noted that the autopsy did mention that abrasions and contusions were found on Kenneka's right leg.
In the days following the discovery of Kenneka's body, police also released video of her wandering the halls of Crowne Plaza before her death. Although she is seen entering the kitchen in the videos, there is no footage of her walking into the freezer. Authorities inspected the freezer, which was set to 34 degrees, when Kenneka was found.
RELATED STORIES:
Kenneka Jenkins' Funeral Draws Over A Thousand People: ‘She Was Sent Here To Touch The World'
Here's Everything We Know About The Mysterious Death Of Kenneka Jenkins
Mother Of Teen Found Dead In Freezer: ‘Someone In This Hotel Killed My Child'
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
OTTAWA — The European Union parliament approved a trade deal with Canada on Wednesday after three hours of debate and years of negotiations.
The Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement between Canada and the European Union, also known as CETA, was adoted by a vote of 408-254 with 33 abstentions.
Here are some facts about the deal:
— Canada is the EU's 12th most important trading partner. The EU is Canada's second-largest trading partner after the U.S. and accounts for nearly 10 per cent of its external trade.
— In 2014, Canadian exports to the EU totalled $39.5 billion, with imports at $53 billion.
— The EU has a population of more than 500 million and a nominal GDP of almost $18 trillion.
— The agreement would eliminate about 98 per cent of the tariffs on both sides of the deal.
— A joint Canada-EU study concluded that the trade agreement could increase bilateral trade by 20 per cent annually and boost Canada's income by $12 billion annually.
— The study suggested the economic benefit of the agreement would be equivalent to creating almost 80,000 new jobs or increasing the average Canadian household's annual income by $1,000.
— The first round of negotiations was held in Ottawa in October 2009 and an agreement in principle was announced four years later. After fine-tuning some contentious clauses, a final legal text was released in February 2016.
— Adoption of the deal in Europe was nearly scuttled by Wallonia, a Belgian region of 3.6 million people. A final round of negotiation saved the agreement from a Walloon veto that would have ended seven tough years of talks.
The Canadian Press
Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau will visit the University of Chicago on Feb. 7 as part of an event to celebrate the fifth anniversary of the Institute of Politics.
Trudeau will give remarks and answer questions from Institute of Politics founder and director David Axelrod during the event, which will begin at 4:30 p.m. in Mandel Hall. Tickets to the event are sold out, but it will be streamed live on UChicago's Facebook page and through the Institute of Politics website.
Trudeau, the son of former Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, became Canada's 23rd prime minister in 2015. He is among the 1,000-plus guests to visit the Institute of Politics since January 2013 as part of its speaker series, including Joe Biden, John McCain, Madeleine Albright, Alicia Garza, Bernie Sanders and Elena Kagan.
The non-partisan institute also has hosted nearly 100 fellows as part of its resident and visiting fellows program, supported more 1,000 student internships around the world, and helped more than 500 students participate in student-led civic engagement projects.
The Canadian Press
Environmental groups plan to take a closer look today at a diesel spill the occurred after a barge sank in Howe Sound, just north of Gibsons.
The sinking happened Wednesday and the Coast Guard says two ships were sent to the scene to join the Western Canada Marine Response Corporation, Squamish Nation and provincial officials dealing with the situation.
It's estimated about 200 litres of diesel leaked from a tank aboard the barge but the Coast Guard says the incident has now been concluded.
Greenpeace members plan to visit the scene today and Living Oceans Society spokeswoman Karen Wristen says although most of the fuel will evaporate, the spill is near shore and some diesel could contaminate shellfish or refloat at high tides, creating further pollution problems.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Authorities searching multiple states for a suspect in the deadly shooting of a Cleveland man say they have no idea what led up to what they say appears to be a random shooting.
Cleveland's police chief said Monday that only Steve Stephens knows the answer.
Police say the 37-year-old Stephens shot a Cleveland retiree picking up aluminum cans Sunday and then posted a video of the killing on Facebook.
Authorities say Stephens is considered armed and dangerous and could be anywhere.
Cleveland police chief Calvin Williams says authorities have already searched every location Stephens has been associated with in the Cleveland area.
In a rambling video posted after the killing, Steve Stephens said, “I snapped, I just snapped.” But as the manhunt dragged on Monday, police were unable to explain what set him off.
“Only Steve knows that,” Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said as authorities posted a $50,000 reward for Stephens' capture in the shooting of Robert Godwin Sr., a 74-year-old former foundry worker.
In the video, Stephens blamed a former girlfriend he had lived with, saying he woke up last week and “couldn't take it anymore.” But in a statement Monday, the woman shed little light on what might have gone wrong and said Stephens was good to her and her children.
As for the shooting victim, Godwin appeared to have been selected at random, gunned down while picking up aluminum cans Sunday afternoon after spending Easter with some of his children.
A manhunt that started in Cleveland's gritty east side expanded rapidly into a nationwide search for Stephens, a 37-year-old job counselor who worked with teens and young adults, police said.
“He could be nearby. He could be far away or anywhere in between,” FBI agent Stephen Anthony said.
Law enforcement officials said his cellphone signal was last detected on Sunday afternoon in Erie, Pennsylvania, about 100 miles (160 kilometers) east of Cleveland.
Police reported getting dozens and dozens of tips, and nine schools in Philadelphia were locked down Monday while authorities investigated possible sightings of Stephens. But they said there was no sign he was actually there.
Some of those who know Stephens described him as pleasant and kind, while some said he had a gambling problem. He filed for bankruptcy two years ago.
“He got along with everybody, so it's just unbelievable what happened,” said Alexis Lee, a friend who saw Stephens last week.
The police chief said: “We are not going to pinpoint a specific thing and say this is what triggered this, because we don't know.”
Godwin's daughter said he was killed while collecting cans in a plastic shopping bag.
“Not because he needed the money, it was just something he did,” said 52-year-old Debbie Godwin. “That's all he was doing. He wasn't harming anyone.”
She said her father, who had 10 children, was a gentle man with nothing mean about him.
In the shooting video, Stephens told Godwin a woman's name and said, “She's the reason that this is about to happen to you.” The victim did not seem to recognize the woman's name. The gunman then pointed a weapon at Godwin, who shielded his face with the plastic bag.
The woman Stephens spoke of, Joy Lane, said in a text to CBS that “we had been in a relationship for several years. I am sorry that all of this has happened.” She said Stephens was “a nice guy” who was generous to everyone.
The video of the killing was on Facebook for about three hours before it was taken down.
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens, despite his claim in a separate video on Facebook that he killed over a dozen people.
Detectives spoke with Stephens on Sunday by cellphone and tried to persuade him to surrender, police said.
Stephens worked at Beech Brook, a social service agency in suburban Cleveland that deals with vulnerable young people. He helped them gain job skills and find employment, said Beech Brook spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer.
An extensive background check before he was hired turned up nothing worrisome, she said.
Stephens filed for bankruptcy in January 2015. His attorney at the time, Trent Binger, said Monday that he remembered Stephens discussing gambling problems.
“He was an easy client to deal with,” Binger said. “Always respectful to me … well-mannered.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Claiming vindication and straining to derail the Russia probe, President Donald Trump declassified a top secret congressional memo Friday, and suggested it proved the investigation of his presidential campaign was fatally flawed. Democrats said the document did nothing to clear him or his campaign, and the FBI said he'd endangered the nation's security.
The memo, prepared by Republicans on the House intelligence committee, asserts that the FBI relied excessively on anti-Trump research funded by Democrats in seeking a warrant to monitor the communications of a Trump campaign associate — and that federal authorities concealed the full details of who was paying for the information.
Trump has been telling confidants that he believed the document would validate his concerns that the FBI and Justice Department conspired against him. But the FBI says the four-page document is inaccurate and stripped of critical context. And Democrats say the memo, which makes public material that is ordinarily considered among the most tightly held national security information, cherry-picks Republican talking points in an effort to smear law enforcement.
Rep. Adam Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said the GOP document “mischaracterizes highly sensitive classified information” and that “the selective release and politicization of classified information sets a terrible precedent and will do long-term damage to the intelligence community and our law enforcement agencies.”
The memo had been classified since it deals with warrants obtained from the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. The White House declassified it on Friday and sent it to the intelligence committee chairman, Republican Rep. Devin Nunes, for immediate release.
The disclosure is likely to further escalate an intra-government conflict that has split the president and his hand-picked law enforcement leaders.
It also comes amid an ongoing effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit the investigation by special counsel Robert Mueller that focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice. Republicans seized on the allegations in the memo to argue that the FBI's investigation was politically tainted from the start.
But the memo does nothing to address obstruction questions that have led Mueller to express interest in interviewing Trump. It also reveals that the FBI investigation began months earlier, in the summer of 2016, based on information involving a separate Trump aide, George Papadopoulos, who has already pleaded guilty to federal charges.Mueller inherited the probe in May of 2017. Four people have so far been charged in his investigation, including two who have pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI. Trump, who lashed out anew at the FBI and Justice Department ahead of Friday's document's release, refused to express confidence in Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller and is mentioned by name in the memo. Asked if he was more likely to fire Rosenstein, and if he still had confidence in him, he retorted. “You figure that one out.” Of the memo, Trump said, “I think it's a disgrace. What's going on in this country, I think it's a disgrace.” Earlier in the day, he tweeted, “The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans – something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people.” The memo offered the first government confirmation that the FBI in October 2016 obtained a secret warrant from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to monitor a Trump campaign associate, Carter Page, on the basis that the FBI believed he might be an agent of a foreign power — in this case, Russia. That warrant was reauthorized multiple times, including by Rosenstein. The memo asserts that opposition research conducted by a former British spy, Christopher Steele, “formed an essential part” of the initial application to receive the warrant. It's unclear how much or what information that Steele collected was included in the application. Steele's research was compiled into a dossier of salacious allegations involving Trump and Russia. It's unclear how much has been corroborated by the FBI. Regardless, the FBI routinely relies on multiple sources of information when it obtains surveillance warrants, and that information oftentimes is not verified at the time agents make their applications. Steele's opposition research effort was initially funded by the conservative Washington Free Beacon. It was later picked up by the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign through a Washington law firm. In a statement, Page, who served as a foreign policy adviser and came on the FBI radar in 2013 as part of a separate counterintelligence probe, said, “The brave and assiduous oversight by Congressional leaders in discovering this unprecedented abuse of process represents a giant, historic leap in the repair of America's democracy.” The memo release, and Trump's tweet, escalates a clash with the man he picked to lead the FBI, Christopher Wray, after firing James Comey as agency director. It also seemed at odds with House Speaker Paul Ryan who said a day earlier “this memo is not an indictment of the FBI or the Department of Justice.” FBI officials, including Wray, have also made direct appeals to the White House, warning that the declassification and release could set a dangerous precedent. Comey weighed in on Twitter as well, saying: “All should appreciate the FBI speaking up. I wish more of our leaders would. But take heart: American history shows that, in the long run, weasels and liars never hold the field, so long as good people stand up. Not a lot of schools or streets named for Joe McCarthy.”
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The last two signs honoring Mercer County veterans will be unveiled on Saturday, Oct. 7, at the old Harrodsburg High School. The ceremony begins at 1 p.m. All family and friends of Lance Cpl. Donald Deloy Hanson, United States Marine Corps, and all Vietnam veterans are invited to attend. The public is also welcome.
For Jack Mattingly, who served as a sergeant in the United States Marine Corps during the war, the signs represent the respect deserved for Mercer County veterans.
“The signs represent that we brought those guys home,” Mattingly said.
To learn more, check out this week's issue of The Harrodsburg Herald.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Most California cities expect their spending on public employee pensions to climb by at least 50 percent over the next seven years, restricting their ability fund basic services like public safety and parks, according to a study their lobbying organization released on Thursday.
The report escalates the League of California Cities' appeal for more flexibility in negotiating pension obligations. Almost all of California's cities belong to the $360 billion California Public Employees' Retirement System, and some cities over the past year have raised increasingly loud complaints that fee hikes from the pension fund are “crowding out” other spending priorities.
The new report warns that pension costs are becoming “unsustainable.”
“The impact of pension costs are becoming such a large element of city costs that it is inevitably going to cause the reduction of services somewhere,” said Dan Keen, a retired Vallejo city manager.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The league developed its study by conducting a survey of its members and hiring an accounting firm to review CalPERS' financial statements. About 170 cities responded to the survey.
By 2024, cities anticipate that they will spend an average of 15.8 percent of their general fund budgets on pensions, up from an average of 8.3 percent today. About 10 percent of cities anticipate spending more than 21 percent of their general fund budgets on pensions in 2024.
Cities are spending more on pensions because of several changes CalPERS has made to shore up the retirement fund, such as lowering its investment forecast. Because the fund expects to earn less money from its investments, government agencies must kick in more money to pay for their workers' pensions. CalPERS now expects to average 7 percent earnings on its investments each year, down from its previous projection of 7.5 percent.
CalPERS is doing well in the stock market this year, with its portfolio gaining almost $40 billion since July. But the system is underfunded overall. Its assets are worth about 68 percent of what it owes to retirees and public workers.
The league report paints cities as having few options. It notes that they could raise taxes, create special funds to pay down their pension liabilities ahead of schedule, reduce services or bargain changes in compensation plans with their unions.
Cities don't have a totally free hand in bargaining, however. For instance, they're barred from tinkering with cost-of-living adjustments that retirees receive in their pensions.
“These pressures are not only mounting, but will force cities to make very tough choices in the next seven years and beyond,” said League of California Cities Executive Director Carolyn Coleman.
Public employee unions generally want more time for CalPERS to recover from its recession investment losses. A pension law Gov. Jerry Brown signed in 2012 eliminated generous retirement plans that the Legislature offered to public employees during the Dot Com boom, a change that's intended to gradually bring CalPERS back to full funding because it applies only to workers hired after Jan. 1, 2013.
Brown at a news conference last month predicted the next recession will force even bigger changes on California public pension plans. In a high profile court case, his office is advocating for an end to the legal precedent that prohibits public agencies from reneging on pension promises without offering workers other compensation.
Dave Low, president of the union that represents classified school employees, said local governments are paying more for pensions because CalPERS has responded to criticism by moving to more conservative projections.
“This is a long-term process,” he said. “Pensions are one piece of compensation. When we go to the table, everything is on the table, health care, wages, step increases. They have a lot of control in compensation.”
Vets went through three sets of clippers rescuing this poor little Shih Tzu from its matted fur.
Adorable Missy – who had 2kg of fur shorn off – was rescued by RSPCA officers after being found living in her cruel owner's garden.
The poor pooch's fur was so matted she couldn't see in front and was found running around in circles.
RSPCA Inspectors Kris Walker said: “I was stunned to be confronted by such a bundle of tangles and knots.
“When I first saw Missy I couldn't even tell she was a dog let alone what breed she was.
“I took her straight to the veterinary hospital and they went through three sets of clippers removing the hair from her body.
“In the process they unearthed her collar which had become embedded in
her fur.”
Missy's original owner was convicted of causing unnecessary suffering to an animal and received a lifelong ban on keeping any animal at Leeds Magistrates Court in May.
She spent about a month with the RSPCA before finding a new home with dog-loving couple Jeff Noad and Christine Morris, of Bradford, West Yorks., and their rescue dog Poppy.
Christine said: “Missy is really happy here.
“Although they started as strangers she and my other dog Poppy – who we have had for 18 months – are made for each other.
“Both of them came from the RSPCA. They get on so well, it's as if they had been brought up together.
“They eat, sleep and play together and have the occasional tussle and cuddle up in the car.
“Missy is the noisy one and Poppy is so laid back. They are the best things that have come into our lives.”
Category: News
Brexit at Chequers: what to expect from cabinet meeting
FT political editor George Parker looks at what to expect from UK Prime Minister Theresa May's meeting on Brexit with her full cabinet at Chequers on Friday. The future of the customs union and the Northern Ireland border will top the agenda.
WINNIPEG — Farmers and traders are keeping a watchful eye on the weather trying to sort out feed grain supplies.
“This time of year, it's a weather market and weather has been improving in much of Saskatchewan and in some of the more critically dry areas. They got a decent amount of moisture over the weekend,” said Allen Pirness, senior trader at Market Place Commodities Ltd. in Lethbridge.
According to data from Environment Canada, areas of Saskatchewan south of the Trans-Canada Highway are receiving about average rainfall. Those regions were particularly parched last summer.
ADVERTISEMENT
Since April 1, Estevan in the southeast has received 184 millimetres, Broadview has seen 187 mm, Regina 111 mm and Maple Creek in the southwest has had 130 mm.
In southern Alberta, Calgary has had 104 mm of precipitation since April 1, Lethbridge 95 mm and Medicine Hat remains dry with 51 mm since April 1. South of Lethbridge where feedlot alley draws large feed supplies, Pincher Creek received 17 mm of rain last week, 147 mm since April 1, which is 75 per cent of normal, and Milk River near the Canada/U.S. border has reported 13.5 mm last week for an accumulation of 120 mm since April 1, which is about 75 per cent of normal.
Pirness said recent rains sparked some farmers into action and Market Place saw feed grains sales coming out of dry areas. That is a sign of farmer optimism, he said, as farmers begin to clear out bins to make room for new crop.
“They're selling the old crop now instead of holding it over.”
ADVERTISEMENT
He said the market continues to watch the international trade situation for signs of how U.S. trade protectionism measures will shake out. Many analysts think China is maybe looking for new soybean suppliers and will leave U.S. growers looking for new buyers.
“There is a path to draw that we could see Canadian soybeans getting exported, more of them, and there might be some U.S. soybeans coming up here to Canada for domestic crush. That's kind of a strange scenario.”
He said trade wars have a way of disrupting normal trade routes that make logistical sense.
He added that South Korea's decision to resume imports of Canadian wheat following the discovery of an unauthorized genetically modified wheat two weeks ago, demonstrated the industry is getting the problem under control.
Japan's ban on Canadian wheat imports continues.
Pirness said people wondered if more Canadian wheat would be forced into feed markets with the bans in place, but he said that now appears unlikely.
Feed barley prices near Lethbridge were at C$240 per tonne, he said.
Bids at Agfinity.com show new crop feed barley FOB Hairy Hills, Alta., being offered at C$209.19 per tonne; CW HRS wheat in St. Paul, Alta., offered at C$230.31 per tonne; and CW feed barley delivered to Lethbridge offered at C$250.52 per tonne.
The National Leader of the Progressives Congress, Senator Bola Tinubu, former governor of Edo State, Mr. Adams Oshiomhole, and Lagos-based lawyer, Mr. Femi Falana, SAN, have chided former President Olusegun Obasanjo over his recent statement where he advised President Muhammadu Buhari not to seek re-election in 2019.
Tinubu, who said Obasanjo was playing politics with the special statement he wrote to the President, explained that if the former President meant well, he would have met with the President to talk about the issues he raised in the letter.
Tinubu spoke in an interview with journalists when he visited Governor Rochas Okorocha in company with the pioneer National Chairman of APC, Chief Bisi Akande, at the Government House in Owerri, on Friday. He said he was in Owerri to see the governor, Rochas Okorocha, who he described as his “good friend” and to pay his respect to the late Chief Alex Ekwueme.
He said, “I believe that would have been the conversation between retired military heads of state. They have unfettered access to each other either through the Council of State or any other means; he could see the current President privately.
“They both had the same background. He (Obasanjo) was also his senior in the army. I think Obasanjo was playing politics with the public letter. That is all I see. They also met at the African Union meeting too. He has a way of discussing with the President any time he wants.”
On the coalition championed by the former President, Tinubu said it was not yet time to speak on the matter.
Meanwhile, Oshiomhole said Obasanjo was not in the right position to give such advice because he was not a known adviser to Buhari.
Speaking with State House correspondents shortly after meeting with the President behind closed doors at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, on Friday, Oshiomhole said“What President Buhari inherited is difficult to describe. I have said so before that when you meet such a situation, your first task is to halt the drift. When you halt the drift, then you stabilise before you begin to go. There is no miracle about it.
“I don't think that anybody who understands the challenge of nation-building, of national economic management and so on will expect that in two years you can fix in a sustainable manner all of the things that have been destroyed over 16 years before this party came into office.
Also, a human rights lawyer, Falana, took a swipe at the former President, saying he had the opportunity to provide good leadership and make Nigeria great but failed to do so.
Speaking while fielding questions from journalists in Benin, the Edo State capital, on Friday, Falana said, “If President Obasanjo, who ruled this country for 11 and a half years, had institutionalised democracy, rule of law and respect for human rights, we would not be in this mess. So, please, let Obasanjo and others be honest to admit that they brought us to this shameful episode.””
The human rights lawyer, therefore, called on Obasanjo to stop insulting the collective intelligence of Nigerians.
He added, “With great respect to former President Olusegun Obasanjo, apart from the allegations of nepotism and clannishness, which cannot be disputed, every other allegation made there (in the statement) took place under President Obasanjo and, in fact, he institutionalised the culture of impunity under the democratic dispensation in Nigeria.
“But I do not want to take issues with Obasanjo for now on his letter so that one is not seen as endorsing impunity in our country.”
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's new deputy social media adviser Hananya Naftali is a popular Israel advocate online, served in the Armored Corps, fought Hamas in Operation Protective Edge, and calls himself a Jew who loves Jesus.
Naftali was hired by Netanyahu's social media adviser Topaz Luk, who says he “hired a superstar.” Naftali will assist Luk in running Netanyahu's social media networks.
Naftali has recently posted videos of himself defending Israel's policies on the Gaza Strip and criticizing the United Nations and the leadership of the Palestinian Authority. But Naftali's posts about his religious faith have raised eyebrows.In one video, he calls himself “a Christian.” In another, he says that both his parents are Jewish, and he denied charges that he converted soldiers in the army, which were raised after he posted in January 2014 that on a weekend in the IDF he “read the Bible and shared Jesus.”“I am not part of any cult,” he said in the video. “I'm not part of the messianic Judaism denomination. In fact, I am not part of any denomination. I am just a normal guy who made his own decision to follow Jesus.”Blogs online have posted tweets in which the bloggers said Naftali identified as a Messianic Jew, but were since deleted.Luk described Naftali as “a full Jew on both sides, who respects Christians who love Israel and do so much to strengthen Israel.”“This is the main thing,” he said.Luk denied reports that all the social media staff of Netanyahu got their jobs because they were friends with Netanyahu's son, Yair. Luk said he served in the IDF Spokesman's Unit with Yair, but that neither Naftali, nor Jonathan Urich, who handles Netanyahu's personal social media, had ties with Yair.“Everyone is in their position because of their talents,” Luk said.
Union Savings and Loan Association in New Orleans has agreed to buy Hibernia Bancorp in New Orleans.
The $82.7 million-asset Union said in a press release Monday that it will pay $28.2 million in cash for the parent of the $136.5 million-asset Hibernia Bank. The deal is expected to close in the second quarter.
Union said it plans to change its name to Hibernia Bank after completing the deal.
“The combination of our local community institutions will provide all current and future customers with greatly enhanced banking opportunities,” Stephen Schonberg, Union's president and CEO, said in the release. “Together, we will still be able to provide the same level of excellent personal service our customers expect through an expanded branch network.”
Union was advised by FIG Partners and Luse Gorman. Hibernia was advised by Banks Street Partners and Silver, Freedman, Taff & Tiernan.
By NATALIYA VASILYEVA, Associated Press
MOSCOW (AP) — Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko turned up at a news conference in the Ukrainian capital Wednesday less than 24 hours after police reported he had been shot and killed at his Kiev apartment building. The country's security services said Babchenko's death was faked to foil a plot to take his life.
Ukrainian police said Tuesday that Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back Tuesday and found bleeding there by his wife. Authorities said they suspected he was killed because of his work.
Vasyl Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, announced at a news conference Wednesday that the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko's slaying. He then startled everyone there by inviting the 41-year-old reporter into the room.
To the applause and gasps of the press, Babchenko took the floor and apologized to the friends and family who mourned for him and were unaware of the plan.
“I'm still alive,” he said.
Before ushering Babchenko into the room, Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who had been recruited and paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the killing. The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn hired an acquaintance who had fought in the separatist war in eastern Ukraine as the gunman.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, fled the country in February 2017 after receiving death threats. He spoke and wrote about leaving the country because of the threats against him and his family. He said his home address was published online and the threats he received were made by phone, email and social media.
Ilya Ponomarev, a former Russian lawmaker who also moved to Ukraine, said Wednesday that Babchenko continued being threatened after he settled last fall in Kiev, where he worked as a host for the Crimean Tatar TV station. Babchenko did not take the intimidation too seriously, according to Ponomarev.
Moscow's annexation of Crimea and support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine were topics on which the journalist was scathingly critical of the Kremlin.
___
Ayse Wieting in Istanbul and Geir Moulson in Berlin contributed to this report.
There will be no extension for accreditation of journalists hoping to be a part of the Asaba 2018 African Senior Athletics Championships organisers have warned.
In a statement issued by Olukayode Thomas, the Head of Media and Publicity for the Asaba 2018 championship, he reiterated that there will be no extension to the June 30 deadline date announced when the accreditation process officially opened nearly two months ago.
According to Thomas, the Local Organsing Committee are working round the clock to ensure that all accredited journalists are provided with an enabling environment to make them carry out their duties outwithout any form of stress. The accreditation process can be easily done by visiting http://caaasaba 2018.com.ng/ media-accreditation/ to fill the form online.
CLOSE The Seminoles will face Southern Miss in the Walk-On's Independence Bowl on Dec. 27 at Independence Stadium. Roy Lang III
Buy Photo Florida State interim head coach Odell Haggins (left) speaks with Terry Slack (right) of the FCA during Walk-On's Independence Bowl festivities Monday at Independence Stadium. (Photo: The Times)Buy Photo
Last year, the Florida State Seminoles played in the New Year's Six – the set of the best bowl games in college football. On Dec. 27, the Seminoles will play at Independence Stadium in the Walk-On's Independence Bowl.
Considering the trying 2017 campaign, that's just fine with Florida State interim head coach Odell Haggins. He's up for something new.
“It was an honor to win that last game and be here in the Independence Bowl,” Haggins said Monday the Team Announcement Party. “I've never been to Shreveport; a lot of our kids haven't. They're looking forward to coming here; they're talking about the food and have looked it up (on the internet).”
Monday served as the first official precursor to the matchup between the Seminoles (6-6) and Southern Mississippi (8-4).
“It's a bowl game I grew up around, coming from Vicksburg, Mississippi,” Southern Miss head coach Jay Hopson said Monday. “I've been here before – I'm excited; we're excited.”
CLOSE Southern Miss head football coach Jay Hopson says his program is excited to come to Shreveport for the Dec. 27 Walk-On's Independence Bowl and is ready to take on a prominent program like Florida State. Roy Lang III
The Seminoles will make their I-Bowl debut after they garnered the Atlantic Coast Conference's bid with a sixth-place finish in the Atlantic Division. They won their final three games to earn a record 36th-straight bowl bid and will come to town amid an interesting coaching situation.
Haggins, who was named FSU's interim head coach after Jimbo Fisher left for Texas A&M the day before the final regular-season game, will coach the Seminoles in Shreveport.
Willie Taggart has already been named Fisher's successor, but will not be on the field against the Golden Eagles.
“It's not about me running the show, it's about our seniors playing their last two games,” said Haggins, a former Seminoles defensive tackle who coached Florida State in its victory against ULM to end the regular season. “It's about the players and the university.”
Success against Southern Miss in Shreveport would lead Florida State to a 41st consecutive winning season.
The Seminoles have won seven of its past nine bowl games, including a 33-32 victory against Michigan in the Orange Bowl (part of the New Year's Six bowls) last year in Miami.
The Golden Eagles will make their third appearance in the nation's 11th-oldest bowl game. In their most recent appearance (1988), they defeated UTEP, 38-18, behind a quarterback named Brett Favre. Southern Miss is 2-0 in the game (16-14 vs. McNeese in 1980).
Southern Miss finished tied for second in Conference USA's West Division and collected an I-Bowl berth after the Southeastern Conference came up well short of the teams needed to fill its obligation to Shreveport.
This is the third straight bowl berth for the Golden Eagles, who defeated Louisiana-Lafayette, 28-21, in New Orleans last year.
“This is where we wanted to be,” Hopson said. “We were kind of hanging on pins and needles hoping we'd get the opportunity to come back to Shreveport.”
Florida State and Southern Miss are scheduled to arrive in Shreveport on Dec. 23.
Twitter: @RoyLangIII
2017 Walk-On's Independence Bowl
Who: Florida State (6-6) vs. Southern Miss (8-4)
When: Dec. 27, 12:30 p.m.
Where: Independence Stadium
TV: ESPN2
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Bollywood actor Sonu Sood, whose film Kung Fu Yoga with martial arts legend Jackie Chan is doing robust business in the UAE, took on a new role on Monday as he turned our news anchor for the day during his visit to our Gulf News office.
The daily digital newscast is usually read by the editors from our newsroom, but the Happy New Year actor sportingly donned the new role with ease and gave us an update on the top stories around the world.
“I haven't done this before, but it was a lot of fun. I enjoyed this experience of being in a newsroom and finding out how the newspaper business functions,” said Sood.
We have a Bollywood actor as our newscast reader today. Looking sharp @SonuSood! #StayTuned pic.twitter.com/7cuhY2vTS3 — tabloid! (@GulfNewsTabloid) February 13, 2017
His life isn't uneventful either. His wife will be joining him in Dubai to celebrate Valentine's Day on February 14.
“I planned to return to India today, but then I decided that she should come here instead. I plan to make the day extra special for her. I am a romantic at heart. I plan to take her shopping to the Dubai Mall and then eat some good dinner together,” said Sood, who has filmed his hits including Happy New Year, City Of Life and Kung Fu Yoga in the UAE.
He's so familiar with some of the malls that he acts as a shopping guide to directors such as Farah Khan of Happy New Year fame.
“I knew the map of that mall in my head … Dubai is like my lucky mascot. All my important hits have been filmed in this city and I feel a connection to this city and it's so close to Mumbai too,” said Sood.
The day didn't end with an interview with the star. The actor gave us a crash course on how to keep fit even if work was hectic by heading to the gym at the Hotel Westin Dubai, Al Habtoor City.
“Imagine if you have a quick meeting at a hotel and you just have twenty minutes to spare. Why not squeeze in a workout? Let me show you how and remember there's no excuse for not working out,” said Sood.
Read the full interview in tabloid! soon.
FILE - In this June 1, 2017, file photo, Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry (30) shoots against Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James during the second half of Game 1 of basketball's NBA Finals in Oakland, Calif. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File)
For a nation that celebrates the right to the pursuit of championships alongside the pursuit of happiness, we certainly struggle to admire greatness in sports. The NBA Finals starting Thursday night provide the perfect example.
LeBron James is headed to his eighth straight Finals. The last time he failed to reach the Finals, Wade Phillips thought his job in Dallas was pretty secure. This is not merely an admirable run. This is a jaw-dropping run.
To play into June year after year after year after year after year is the stuff of physical freaks, not to mention the mental toll it takes on one to be the best player on all those teams. I don't think there's any question James is respected more than any athlete in American team sports.
Even though he has become the king of the underdog in Cleveland, I'm still not sure one could call him beloved.
Opposite James are the Golden State Warriors, a team that in one simple move -- the free agent signing of a league MVP -- went from fun-loving Splash Brothers to Oh No Not Them Again. It doesn't help that there's something a bit uninviting about Kevin Durant's demeanor. It doesn't help that Draymond Green sometimes feels like the guy who runs the team and sets the tone for their play. It doesn't help that Steph Curry will occasionally embarrassingly celebrate his unmatched 3-point shooting range with premature on-court celebrations of himself.
And it doesn't help (for some) that coach Steve Kerr thinks it's fine to ridicule the NFL for its anthem policy, even though his league has one that is even more restrictive of players and has a history of severe punishment for demonstrations.
Mostly, though, people are just sick of the Warriors. Why does this happen so quickly when a team establishes its greatness? Obviously, championship teams have their own fan bases and some are quite large, but I'm talking about how the average fan not necessarily engaged with those teams gets turned off by repeated winners.
The last ones that played around here were the Cowboys of the '90s. The Stars and Mavericks have captured titles more recently, but there was no sustained success in either case. When the "Triplets" grabbed three Lombardi Trophies in four years, they were rivaling (at that moment) the dominance that Michael Jordan and the Bulls were demonstrating in Chicago.
I don't have to tell you that while Troy, Emmitt and all the rest had their posters in every house here, there was a level of arrogance that team achieved -- largely through Jimmy and Jerry and Barry, but not to be outdone by Michael and eventually Deion -- that rendered America's Team something less than lovable elsewhere.
Actually, we saw the seeds of greatness planted here in Dallas just before those Cowboys took charge. Mike Krzyzewski was the young coach of the Duke Blue Devils, making his first Final Four trips at Reunion Arena in 1986. What was not to like about his story?
Five championships and 12 Final Fours in his pocket now, Coach K ranks as one of the great coaches in sports history. But Duke -- again, for many -- has become the embodiment of private school brats you can't possibly cheer for in March.
I can't tell you exactly how Jordan and the Bulls avoided being poisoned with the stench of championships, but they did. Winning six times in eight seasons with Jordan playing baseball during one and parts of a second in between, the Bulls remained the people's choice throughout. When Jordan threw Utah's Bryon Russell into the lane for his final game-winner, well, Russell was just in the way of a great final act.
Something about the way Jordan was perceived, even though we knew he had plenty of personal flaws.. Something about the city of Chicago and the old Chicago Stadium, perhaps, that took us back to another time.
The only other Jordan I can find in sports today is Roger Federer. With 20 grand slam titles, Federer does no wrong. The constant pressure applied by Rafael Nadal, lurking just behind with 16 and soon to make it 17 in Paris, keeps the tennis world begging to see Roger win one more.
And yet Serena Williams, with 23 titles, unarguably the greatest women's player of all time, lands more squarely in the "admired" than "adored" category for a laundry list of reasons too long to ponder in this space.
For the most part, we appreciate the rise, and then we wait even more eagerly for the fall. If you don't believe that, maybe you also think the average NFL fan can't wait for Tom Brady and Bill Belichick to make another Super Bowl run. Or you believe that the new "young" Yankees can hang onto Aaron Judge's goofy grin long enough to win two or three more titles before becoming the old can't-stand-'em Yankees once more.
For now, it's the King vs. the Champs. Pick your preferred poison.
Retrospect Inc. has released Retrospect 15, a major new release of the backup software that introduces email protection and the BackupBot artificial intelligence feature. Retrospect 15 can now back up IMAP email accounts to a local or cloud destination, restore a lost email message or account, and help users migrate from one service to another more easily.
With BackupBot, Retrospect can create an entire backup strategy for all available sources to a selected destination in a single click. It schedules backups to optimize the backup window and uses a linear regression algorithm to predict future storage needs. Retrospect 15 also introduces Data Hooks — extensible dashboard plugins that provide data on all aspects of the backup process — and backups for remote employees.
Retrospect 15 costs $49 for Retrospect Solo, which protects a single non-server computer and its external hard drives, and $119 for Retrospect Desktop, which covers one non-server Mac and up to five additional Windows, Mac, and Linux computers. You can upgrade to Retrospect 15 from versions 13 and 14 at a reduced price — check your upgrade price by entering your license into this wizard. If you have a currently active Annual Support and Maintenance agreement, your upgrade is free. ($49 for Solo and $119 for Desktop new, upgrade pricing available, 189 MB, release notes, 10.6.8+)
What are the MOST Shazamed songs of all time?
The music-identifying app Shazam released a list of “The 10 Most Shazamed Songs of All Time.”
So, these are the songs that are playing somewhere when you see people holding up their phones trying to figure out what they are.
Here's the list, along with the number of times they've been tagged…
1. “Wake Me Up”, Avicii . . . 22.3 million Shazams
2. “Blurred Lines”, Robin Thicke, with T.I. and Pharrell . . . 20.1 million
3. “Lean On”, Major Lazer with MØ and DJ Snake . . . 20.1 million
4. “Somebody That I Used to Know”, Gotye with Kimbra . . . 19.9 million
5. “Let Her Go”, Passenger . . . 19.6 million
6. “Rather Be”, Clean Bandit with Jess Glynne . . . 18.8 million
7. “Cheerleader (Felix Jaehn Remix)”, OMI . . . 18.7 million
8. “Thinking Out Loud”, Ed Sheeran . . . 18.7 million
9. “Take Me to Church”, Hozier . . . 18.6 million
10. “Thrift Shop”, Macklemore and Ryan Lewis with Wanz . . . 16.1 million
Click Here to see more.
Actress Josie Loren married retired NFL quarterback Matt Leinart at the Basilica of Saint Lawrence in Asheville on Saturday, US Weekly reported. Their reception was held at the Omni Grove Park Inn, according to People Magazine.
Screen grab of photo posted on Instagram by Matt Leinart
CTV Vancouver
For the crowds that gather nightly at the Rio Theatre on Broadway in East Vancouver, the building holds a singular place in the cultural landscape of Vancouver.
“This place is wonderful,” said Scott Cowan while waiting in line at theatre's box office Friday night. “It's one of the few places like this left in the entire city."
“We get to do a lot of weird shows that you wouldn't really get to do other places,” said burlesque performer Kitty Glitter.
The Rio has been around for nearly 80 years, operating primarily as a movie theatre between 1938 and a renovation a decade ago that added live music and theatre performances to the rotation.
“I saw my first show at the Rio,” said performing artist Julia Lank. “I was 15 and I came to the midnight screening of the Rocky Horror Picture Show … I felt so grown up.”
Memories like Lank's are part of the old theatre's appeal and its staying power, but recent rezoning by the city has thrown the ability of future crowds to create future memories into doubt.
The theatre's location is now zoned for residential towers up to 10 stories tall, and that has the owners of the building - who are not the same as the operators of the theatre - looking to sell.
Corinne Lea is the owner of the Rio Theatre - the business, not the building. She has an eight-year lease on the space, which a new owner would have to either assume or buy her out of, unless she buys the building herself.
Lea estimates that she would need between $1 million and $1.5 million to put down as a deposit in order to finance a mortgage on the building. She has until Feb. 6 to make an offer.
Lea told CTV News she has known for roughly a year that the building was for sale.
“We were kind of biding our time trying to get ourselves in a better financial position so that we could make an offer to the landlord so that we could own the property,” she said. “Since the listing went viral last weekend because there were a lot of people concerned about the future of the Rio, it also drew attention to developers and now we have more competition.”
The city's rezoning places a requirement on any would-be developer that it must include a theatre in its plans for a new building on the site. A new theatre wouldn't necessarily be a live-performance venue, however, Lea said, and it wouldn't replace the history of the current building.
"I absolutely love what I do,” she said. “I feel so lucky because I know not everyone is able to find that career or that thing that they love to do."
With files from CTV Vancouver's Ben Miljure
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Rochester Girls Softball is open to Rochester, Marion, and Mattapoisett. Open Registration for grades 3-8 through March 1. Register online at townofrochesterma.com under “Community Links.”
An actionable plan is important to accomplish clear-cut goals, Vice-President says
The stirring speech by His Highness Shaikh Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, on the opening day of the World Government Summit on Sunday brought to the distinguished audience of world leaders and thinkers a deep understanding of the values and vision that has made the UAE a force to reckon with on the global arena. Combining breadth of vision, strength of conviction and eminence of thought, Shaikh Mohammad's multi-contextual address on ‘How to Reignite the Region's Development' referenced many of the pressing contemporary challenges facing the region and the world — the true import of Islam, the impact of the United States' Middle East policies, the need for Arab governments to align with probity, and the UAE's national vision, to name some.
In doing so, Shaikh Mohammad brought into sharp focus the importance of the interplay of national vision and global responsibility, an interplay that has been deeply understood and embodied by the UAE, enabling it to carve for itself an enviable place in the global hall of nations. A significant aspect of Shaikh Mohammad's address, given the current narrative of conflict and prevalence of extreme ideology in regional hot spots, was the reiteration of Arab heritage and the real meaning of Islam. Calling attention to the peerless contributions of the Arab civilisation to world history and underlining the peaceful nature of Islam are absolutely critical counters in today's times when rampant distortion of Islam's essence is dominating many political discourses around the world.
Shaikh Mohammad's assertion of the collective will of the GCC to flourish and of its remarkable achievements in the current decade was also an important note to strike as was his observation of the many mistakes made by previous US administrations on Iraq, the legacy of which still troubles the region.
The UAE's clear-cut goals on the other hand offer a stark contrast to such lack of vision. But Shaikh Mohammad took it a step further in stating, “A vision alone is not enough as we have to set plans to accomplish this vision, and the real benchmark lies in actions,” he said. It is this determination of the UAE to implement a clear-cut vision into an actionable plan that has been its bold as well as fine print of success.
As Shaikh Mohammad put it, hard work, accountability, a strong will, principled management and above all, prioritising the happiness of people are guiding principles of the UAE and in arriving at its own success story, the UAE has also presented to the world a textbook formula well worth emulating.
Bollywood actress Ayesha Takia who has been a part of films like 'Wanted', 'Dor' and others has been receiving threats from a litigant. Her mother-in-law and sister-in-law too are being harassed. Ayesha's husband Farhan Azmi posted a series of tweets on his official Twitter page to seek help from the Mumbai police.
He also accused a senior official, DCP Dahiya of not responding to his calls and also blocking Ayesha's account. He tweeted, "My wife @Ayeshatakia , mother & sisters are being harassed,threatened stalked by a litigant, @MumbaiPolice #dcpDahiya refusing to answer my calls or messages. #DahiyaIPS has illegally frozen our bank accounts Dear PM @narendramodi ji @SushmaSwaraj Pls intervene!! #betibachao".
He further tweeted a screenshoot of his conversations with DCP Dahiya. In his tweet he alleged that the DCP was disconnecting the call-
His next tweet read-
After the required action was taken, Farhan thanked the Mumbai Police and wrote, "Thank you @DevenBhartiIPS Ji #MumbaiPolice for stepping in. I trust the Mumbai Police. 3 rotten apples cannot spoil #theappletree @CPMumbaiPolice @MumbaiPolice
For those who ain't aware, Farhan was slammed with charges of cheating by his former business partner, Kashif Khan. Kashif lodged an FIR at Bandra police station. A source close to the family told timesnownews.com, that the accused got Ayesha's number and has been threatening her that she and her husband will be in jail very soon. They also informed that Farhan's mother and sister, who is seven months pregnant have also received similar threat calls and texts from the litigant.
Dubai: Many companies in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) region are not planning to change their compensation budgets for 2017, with employee salaries expected to continue at a relatively flat rate compared to a year ago.
Recent data released by recruiting experts Hays suggested that most employers (82 per cent) expect workers' monthly incomes to either remain unchanged or increase marginally by less than 5 per cent in the next 12 months.
Among those expecting some changes, 43 per cent see a 5 per cent wage hike, while a smaller number (12 per cent) anticipate increases of 5 per cent to 10 per cent. Pay cuts are anticipated by 2 per cent of the organisations.
From an employee perspective, fewer people are anticipating increases of 15 per cent this year, while two per cent are expecting some workers to undergo pay cuts during the same period.
“Workforce salaries are one of the single biggest costs for employers and, given the challenging economic climate of the past twelve months, it is simply not viable to offer company-wide pay rises," said Chris Greaves, Managing Director of Hays, Gulf Region..
"Instead, we have seen added focus to be on individual performance related pay, which typically amounts to a lower spend for employers than company-wide pay increases.”
Hays' salary review found that less than half of working professionals in the GCC (48 per cent) saw increases in their paycheques of 5 to 10 per cent. However, nearly one in ten (9 per cent) experienced pay cuts.
Among the accountancy and finance professionals, 51 per cent reported salary adjustments, of which 14 per were reductions, an increase from just 1 per cent the previous year.
For this year, a small number of workers in the industry (3 per cent) are anticipating a decrease in pay. However, the majority of workers in the sector (61 per cent) are bullish about 2017, with 61 per cent of them saying they expect salary increases.
About half of workers in the construction and property sector were not spared some pay adjustments either. Among those who saw changes in their salaries, a significant number (24 per cent - also one of the highest) received pay cuts. Those who were granted salary increases mostly enjoyed 5 to 10 per cent rise.
Among the engineering professionals, about four in ten (40 per cent) reported some salary changes, of which 16 per cent were pay reductions, up from 6 per cent a year earlier. The average pay hike received by engineering workers last year ranged between 5 per cent and 10 per cent.
Employees who work in human resources departments (48 per cent) reported salary adjustments, of which 15 per cent were reductions. The majority (54 per cent), however, are optimistic that they will get pay hikes this year.
Information and technology (IT) professionals (34 per cent) saw their salaries changed last year. Pay reductions accounted for 12 per cent of the adjusments. This year, 61 per cent of IT workers, expect their salaries to change.
Lawyers, legal secretaries and other professionals in the industry, appeared to be the least affected by the economic slowdown, with a whopping 59 per cent of them reporting pay increases.
The average pay increase received ranged between 5 per cent and 10 per cent. A higher number (68 per cent) are looking to get further changes in their paycheques this year.
Office support professionals were among those the least happy with how their incomes fared last year. More than half (51 per cent) did see some adjustments in their take-home pay, but 18 per cent of that represented salary decreases.
Those who did get some financial rewards reported an average of 5 to 10 per cent pay hike. These professionals are also among the least optimistic this year, with nearly seven in ten (69 per cent) of them expecting no increases.
Sales and marketing professionals also went through a challenging period in 2017. Among the 49 per cent who saw their salaries changed, 20 per cent suffered pay cuts.
the 2018 Golden Globe nominations have been released and some big names in Black Film and Television are up for some pretty big awards. The Jordan Peele film “Get Out” was nominated for “Best Picture – Comedy or Musical.” Many believe that the film should have been in the drama category being that racism isn't “funny” but they got the nod nonetheless. Denzel Washington gets a nod for his role as “Roman J. Israel, Esq” for Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama. Daniel Kaluuya will give a stiff challenge in the Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy for his role in “Get Out.”
Also Read: Jordan Peele Gives His Commentary On The Craziest ‘Get Out' Fan Theories
R&B singer Mary J. Blige gets a nomination in her amazing role as “Florence Jackson,” a mother of a son who goes off to fight in World War II, only to come back to a country full of racism in the Netflix film “Mudbound.” Octavia Spencer was also nominated for her role in the film “The Shape of Water”
WATCH: Mary J Blige Says Her Personal Pain Helped Her Role In Mudbound
In the world of Television both “Black-ish” and “This Is Us” were nominated for Best Television Series – Drama & Comedy. Anthony Anderson and Sterling K. Brown were both nominated Best Actor for their roles in both shows. Issa Rae gets a nod for her role in the HBO hit series “Insecure.” See the full list below!
Best Picture – Drama:
“Call Me by Your Name”
“Dunkirk”
“The Post”
“The Shape of Water”
“Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”
Best Picture – Comedy or Musical:
“The Disaster Artist”
“Get Out”
“The Greatest Showman”
“I, Tonya”
“Lady Bird”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama:
Timothée Chalamet, “Call Me by Your Name”
Daniel Day-Lewis, “Phantom Thread”
Tom Hanks, “The Post”
Gary Oldman, “Darkest Hour”
Denzel Washington, “Roman J. Israel, Esq.”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama:
Jessica Chastain, “Molly's Game”
Sally Hawkins, “The Shape of Water”
Frances McDormand, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”
Meryl Streep, “The Post”
Michelle Williams, “All the Money in the World”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy:
Steve Carell, “Battle of the Sexes”
Ansel Elgort, “Baby Driver”
James Franco, “The Disaster Artist”
Hugh Jackman, “The Greatest Showman”
Daniel Kaluuya, “Get Out”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy:
Judi Dench, “Victoria & Abdul”
Helen Mirren, “The Leisure Seeker”
Margot Robbie, “I, Tonya”
Saoirse Ronan, “Lady Bird”
Emma Stone, “Battle of the Sexes”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture:
Willem Dafoe, “The Florida Project”
Armie Hammer, “Call Me by Your Name”
Richard Jenkins, “The Shape of Water”
Christopher Plummer, “All the Money in the World”
Sam Rockwell, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture:
Mary J. Blige, “Mudbound”
Hong Chau, “Downsizing”
Allison Janney, “I, Tonya”
Laurie Metcalf, “Lady Bird”
Octavia Spencer, “The Shape of Water”
Best Animated Film:
“The Boss Baby”
“The Breadwinner”
“Coco”
“Ferdinand”
“Loving Vincent”
Best Director – Motion Picture:
Guillermo del Toro, “The Shape of Water”
Martin McDonagh, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”
Christopher Nolan, “Dunkirk”
Ridley Scott, “All The Money in the World”
Steven Spielberg, “The Post”
Best Screenplay – Motion Picture:
Guillermo Del Toro, Vanessa Taylor, “The Shape of Water”
Greta Gerwig, “Lady Bird”
Liz Hannah, Josh Singer, “The Post”
Martin McDonagh, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”
Aaron Sorkin, “Molly's Game”
Best Original Score – Motion Picture:
“Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”
“The Shape of Water”
“Phantom Thread”
“The Post”
“Dunkirk”
Best Original Song – Motion Picture
“Home,” Ferdinand
“Mighty River,” Mudbound
“Remember Me,” Coco
“The Star,” The Star
“This Is Me,” The Greatest Showman
Best Motion Picture – Foreign Language
“A Fantastic Woman”
“First They Killed My Father”
“In the Fade”
“Loveless”
“The Square”
Best Television Series – Drama:
“The Crown”
“Game of Thrones”
“The Handmaid's Tale”
“Stranger Things”
“This is Us”
Best Television Series – Comedy:
“Black-ish”
“The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel”
“Master of None”
“SMILF”
“Will & Grace”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Drama:
Jason Bateman, “Ozark”
Sterling K. Brown, “This is Us”
Freddie Highmore, “The Good Doctor”
Bob Odenkirk, “Better Call Saul”
Liev Schreiber, “Ray Donovan”
RELATED: “This Is Us” Guys Land A Spot On People's 2017 Sexiest Man Alive List
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Drama:
Caitriona Balfe, “Outlander”
Claire Foy, “The Crown”
Maggie Gyllenhaal, “The Deuce”
Katherine Langford, “13 Reasons Why”
Elisabeth Moss, “The Handmaid's Tale”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy:
Anthony Anderson, “Black-ish”
Aziz Ansari, “Master of None”
Kevin Bacon, “I Love Dick”
William H. Macy, “Shameless”
Eric McCormack, “Will and Grace”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy:
Pamela Adlon, “Better Things”
Alison Brie, “Glow”
Rachel Brosnahan, “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel”
Issa Rae, “Insecure”
Frankie Shaw, “SMILF”
RELATED: Mary J. Blige, Issa Rae, And More Score NAACP Image Awards Nominations
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
“Big Little Lies”
“Fargo”
“Feud: Bette and Joan”
“The Sinner”
“Top of the Lake: China Girl”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Robert De Niro, “The Wizard of Lies”
Jude Law, “The Young Pope”
Kyle MacLachlan, “Twin Peaks”
Ewan McGregor, “Fargo”
Geoffrey Rush, “Genius”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Jessica Biel, “The Sinner”
Nicole Kidman, “Big Little Lies”
Jessica Lange, “Feud: Bette and Joan”
Susan Sarandon, “Feud: Bette and Joan”
Reese Witherspoon, “Big Little Lies”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
David Harbour, “Stranger Things”
Alfred Molina, “Feud”
Christian Slater, “Mr. Robot”
Alexander Skarsgard, “Big Little Lies”
David Thewlis, “Fargo”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Laura Dern, “Big Little Lies”
Ann Dowd, “The Handmaid's Tale”
Chrissy Metz, “This is Us”
Michelle Pfeiffer, “The Wizard of Lies”
Shailene Woodley, “Big Little Lies”
The next Galaxy smartphone from Samsung Electronics Ltd. will be making a clean break from its predecessors, according to Wall Street Journal insiders.
Citing “people familiar with the matter,” writers Eun-Young Jeong and Jonathan Cheng have revealed the next iteration of Samsung's flagship device will, like Apple Inc.'s iPhone 7, no longer include a home button, while the fingerprint scanner used to unlock the device will be moved to a new location in the back.
Other likely changes include a curved screen, a button on the side that will activate the company's new Siri-like virtual assistant, Bixby, and two available sizes for consumers to choose from.
And unlike the iPhone 7, it will feature a headphone jack.
The device is scheduled to be revealed at a New York City-based event late next month, the Wall Street Journal's sources say, noting that certain features could change in the interim.
Samsung itself declined to comment on the story.
It's likely that Samsung is hoping the Galaxy S8's streamlined design and virtual assistant, whom sources said is designed to answer voiced questions from users, will help consumers forget the embarrassing debacle of last year's Galaxy Note 7 recall, which began in September after reports that the device's 3,500 mAh battery was prone to heating up and exploding surfaced in late August.
Though Samsung officials initially believed that only batteries manufactured by one of its two suppliers, Samsung affiliate Samsung SDI Co., were overheating, an internal investigation ultimately discovered the fires were caused both by irregularly sized batteries and manufacturing issues.
According to the Wall Street Journal, Samsung SDI has spent 150 billion Korean won (approximately $170 million Canadian) since the Galaxy Note 7 recall on improving product safety, in addition to launching an X-ray inspection process for all batteries. The division is expected to manufacture batteries for the Galaxy S8 too.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
We are thanking our lucky stars this morning as news has broken on Twitter about a brand-new addition to our fave Christmas chocolates, Celebrations.
According to pics and some very excited people on the social media site, our Malteaser truffles, Galaxy chocs and mini Twixes will soon be joined by a new chocolate - the Milky Way Crispy Roll.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
@joshbythesea this is not a drill....
Milky-way Crispy rolls included in celebrations. pic.twitter.com/bZ0l4nHRSt — Rob White (@RobWhite_UK) December 7, 2017
Celebrations now having Milky Way crispy rolls in them is the best Christmas present ever tbf 😍 — Aaron Bumby (@Aaron_Bumby) December 7, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Celebrations bringing out mini milky way CRISPY ROLLS has made my day — Bon Wilson👸🏽 (@bonhollwilson) December 7, 2017
If the rumours about Milky Way crispy rolls being the new addition to Celebrations then Christmas 2017 will go down as the greatest Christmas of all time. — DH (@Darren_Hackett) December 9, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
If the news that Celebrations have added Milky Way Crispy Rolls is true, it's a complete game changer. — Stew Whiting (@StewWhiting) December 11, 2017
If Milky Way Crispy rolls are getting added to Celebrations I'm gonny turn into a fat, fat wee man this Christmas. Them and the Malteaser ones are bangin man 🤤👌🏼 — Jonny Boyd (@Jonnyboyd7) December 10, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Oh. My. God. They've put Milky Way Crispy Rolls in Celebrations!!!! — Bryler Durden 🦄 (@patto1878) December 7, 2017
Just found out the newest addition to the Celebrations tin is A Milky Way crispy roll! This is a game changer 🍫 pic.twitter.com/H0E7nMO3FR — ThisIsTheLife (@TwoBrokeBoggers) December 9, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Although there could be a downside to the new member of the party - it means an old one will have to leave.
Milky Way crispy rolls being added to celebrations is great news until you realise they replaced the normal Milky Way with them. Why Celebrations. pic.twitter.com/37KzF0grzz — The Lise 🥋 (@NinjaVarnish) December 9, 2017
If this thing about celebrations is true I'm going to be SO MAD, milky way is deffo better than the crispy rolls 😭😭😭 — bekAHAHA (@bekahasquith) December 10, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
And then the rumours just got out of control.
THE MALTESER IS BEING REPLACED BY THE MILKY WAY CRISPY ROLL IN CELEBRATIONS. THIS IS NOT A DRILL. — ΔИDY (@BTECIbra) December 10, 2017
After a little bit of online digging, we discovered that the boxes may not be as we'd hoped, as it appears these boxes are only currently on sale in Germany. It's the 'Dove' Galaxy chocolate that gave it away.
GOD DAMNIT MARS BRING THE CELEBRATIONS TUB WITH THE MILKY WAY CRISPY ROLLS TO THE UK. THIS IS IMPORTANT. — tash (@cordialmuke) December 10, 2017
We've contacted Mars to try and find out whether or not they plan on making similar changes here, and we'll update you if we hear back.
In the meantime, you could always buy a tub of Celebrations and a Milky Crispy Roll bar and eat it all together, just so it feels like you have the real deal?
Or if you're really desperate, people are selling the German tubs on Ebay for £10 + £10 postage and packaging.
BUY NOW
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, his lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made her return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning her first-round match at the French Open, she is out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside her older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. She gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometre) drive back to Paris in a rental car with his 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once he found out he could get into the main draw.
He then won his first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But she had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when she was coming back to the tour after a knife attack in her home in 2016 that left her needing surgery on her left hand, her playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in her first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which she eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up her game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in her weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto her No. 1 ranking. She won both of her previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
The B.C. government announced Monday that it will ban grizzly bear trophy hunting throughout the province at the end of November.
Natural Resource Operations Minister Doug Donaldson said the province is banning the hunt because it's what a majority of British Columbians want.
"The trophy hunting of grizzly bears is not a socially acceptable practice in B.C. in 2017," he said.
The ban will start on Nov. 30, 2017, the same day that the grizzly trophy hunt closes for the season.
The province will still allow hunting grizzlies for meat, but hunters will not be allowed to keep the bear's pelt, head or paws—the parts usually used as trophies. Donaldson did not elaborate on how food hunters should get rid of the trophy items.
The Great Bear Rainforest is the one exception to food hunting. The province is stopping all grizzly hunting there.
Green Party Leader Andrew Weaver issued a statement Thursday supporting the NDP's move to protect bears in the Great Bear Rainforest.
"I am encouraged that the BC NDP are respecting the wishes of the Coastal First Nations by placing a moratorium on the hunting of grizzlies in the Great Bear Rainforest," said Weaver, who has long advocated for the action.
But Weaver was critical of hunters not being able to possess hair, head or hide—saying it would create a system where not all of the animal is harvested.
In addition, he critiqued the NDP stance saying foreign hunters could still shoot a grizzly, take a picture and head home without harvesting any of the animal.
"What we really need in B.C. is a science-based approach to wildlife management, not a populist approach to species management," he said.
There are an estimated 15,000 grizzly bears in B.C. Each year, about 250 are killed by hunters. The government could not confirm how many of those 250 were taken due to the trophy hunt.
Donaldson says the NDP are delivering on a promise made to British Columbians during the election campaign.
He says the four-month period between the B.C. election and the NDP forming government delayed enacting the ban. People have already and made plans and purchased limited entry passes for this year's hunting season, he said, and that's why the NDP decided to still allow this year's hunt.
In the fall, Donaldson said the government will consult with First Nations and stakeholder groups to determine next steps and mechanisms in ending the trophy hunt. He said the government will also move forward with a consultation process on a renewed wildlife management strategy for the province.
G-Eazy and Halsey have officially broken up.
Halsey announced the split on her Insta story saying, “I feel the need to inform my fans. G-Eazy and I are taking some time apart. I'm eager to continue the upcoming passage of time dedicating myself to my art and my career and the duration of my tour. I wish him the best.”
The two got together during fall of last year.
Halsey Announces Break-Up With G-Eazy On Instagram! was originally published on radionowindy.com
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
(ru) Все права защищены! © 2007 - Contact online news : При использовании материалов активная гиперссылка на www.contact.az обязательна
(en) All rights reserved! © 2007 - Contact online news : When reprinting, active hyperlink on www.contact.az required. Powered by © Contact Online news, 2007 -
Email: editor.contact.az@gmail.com
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
A timely boost for Cullen's side ahead of their upcoming Champions Cup fixtures.
Jonathan Sexton is fit and will be available for selection for Leinster's Friday night matchup with Zebre.
The Irish international has been absent since suffering a recurrence of a hamstring injury during Ireland's loss to New Zealand at the Aviva Stadium in November.
The number 10 was expected to return for last weekend's victory over Ulster in the Pro12, but further caution was taken due to the delicate nature of the problem.
However, following a return to full training last week, Sexton will be raring to go come Friday, according to Leinster backs coach Girvan Dempsey:
‘They wanted to get to the crux of the issue and try and resolve it.' ‘It wasn't a case of: ‘just get him back and roll him out there'.
They wanted to use the time and try to get him 100%, get to the root of the problem and hopefully that will be the end of it.'
‘I think they have resolved it. He trained with us last week, he's training now. Rehab has gone really well, so hopefully you'll see him play this weekend.'
‘It was great to have him back running around last week, he got a feel for it.'
‘I think it will be hugely important. Rounds five and six against a strong Montpellier side and then away to Castres will determine where we finish in the pool.'
Further injury concerns had left Leo Cullen with a real headache at the out-half position, with Ross Byrne the only available option after Joey Carbery picked up an ankle injury in December.
But the timely return of first-choice Sexton should see the Irish provincial side push on and win their Champions Cup group with relative ease, as well as putting pressure back on Ospreys and Munster atop the Pro12.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times Indian ministers announce changes to new goods and services tax
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00* Select Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week* Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT's award-winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week* Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week* Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options:
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
Michael Kay's show wins this round ESPN New York's “Michael Kay Show” rallied in the month of February to beat Mike Francesa's WFAN replacements, “Carlin, Maggie and Bart,” which is a troubling result for the fledgling...
Interpreting the first round of the post-Mike Francesa ratings war No Mike Francesa, no problem. At least, so far for WFAN. After the equivalent of three innings of play, WFAN's new afternoon team, Chris Carlin, Maggie Gray and Bart Scott,...
Mike Francesa's WFAN replacements just need to relax During a case on obscenity, late Supreme Court Justice Potter Stewart was challenged to describe pornography when he famously explained, “I know it when I see it.” Same with good...
Michael Kay sizes up his new, wildly different WFAN challenge This is not how Michael Kay wanted it. His opportunity to win the afternoon sports radio ratings war has increased with Mike Francesa abdicating his afternoon throne at WFAN. Kay,...
Meet Mike Francesa's replacements, who aren't 'afraid of s--t' Steve Serby takes some time to chat with the three afternoon drive-time hosts who are replacing Mike Francesa — Chris Carlin, Bart Scott and Maggie Gray. The show officially kicks...
Why Mike Francesa won't endorse his replacements Mike Francesa is not making the immense challenge of replacing him any easier. The longtime afternoon host continued his farewell tour Wednesday, hosting an event for his fans at Long...
'Mad Dog' Russo rips one Francesa replacement Chris Russo said he should keep his mouth shut, but the Mad Dog couldn't help spending another day ragging on Bart Scott, one of the three new hosts who will...
'We haven't spoken since 2010': How Mike Francesa has welcomed his replacements ` The congratulations from Mike Francesa may not come too quickly. WFAN officially introduced the trio — Chris Carlin, Bart Scott and Maggie Gray — replacing the longtime host, using...
Imus, Rosenberg unloads on Mike Francesa's replacements The news about who will replace Mike Francesa on WFAN is out. Count Don Imus and Sid Rosenberg among those who are not impressed. Rosenberg joined Imus' show Tuesday, when...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A former policeman who got his very own name check at this year's Reading Festival has been nominated for a Pride of Reading Award .
Graham Benham, 64, served Thames Valley Police (TVP) and the people of Reading for more than 40 years, and could scoop the Employee of the Year Award at November's glitzy ceremony after being put forward by an anonymous well-wisher.
Reading born and bred, Mr Benham retired this summer after decades on the beat as a uniformed PC and 15 years as a civilian consultant with the TVP operations team.
The former Alfred Sutton School pupil was born in Castle Hill, where Reading Police Station now stands.
He completed his education at Reading College of Technology in Kings Road before joining the force in the 1970s.
Much of his time with the TVP operations team was spent liaising with organisers of prestigious events such as Reading Festival and Henley Regatta , and working with Reading Football Club to ensure the safety of fans and other stadium visitors.
"I am not worthy as so many others do deserve awards. I have done nothing outstanding."
The nomination stated: “Graham has always been there to help and advise community groups on the safe management of their events.
“This year at Reading Festival, [organiser] Melvin Benn acknowledged Graham's support for the event with a short presentation.
“Graham would be a very worthy winner of the Employee of the Year Award.”
When told of his Pride of Reading nomination, Mr Benham, who now lives in Pangbourne , said: “I am honoured and surprised by a nomination and feel I am not worthy as so many others do deserve awards. I have done nothing outstanding.”
On being name-checked at the festival, he said: “It was my last working day, and I was absolutely gobsmacked when Melvin did what he did.
“I was really humbled but absolutely embarrassed.”
"To have had input into moving from Elm Park to one of the better stadiums in the country was magnificent"
When asked what makes him most proud, he said: “Being Reading born and bred, I love the town of Reading and believe it is important to promote it as much as possible.
“Being able to strive on events that give the town so much publicity such as Reading Festival and Reading Half Marathon makes me proud.”
Mr Benham, who officially retires on October 20, was also proud to be involved in Reading FC's move from Elm Park to Madejski Stadium .
“To have had input into moving from Elm Park to one of the better stadiums in the country was magnificent,” he said.
“The first game was very emotional.”
"I've probably worked more festivals than Melvin!"
On what he will miss the most about TVP operations, he said: “After every event, particularly the Reading Festival, we would debrief and come up with ideas of how to improve it next year.
“I'm really going to miss being able to influence how the event is taken forward and made even better in the future.
“Over the years we have built such a strong relationship with the festival public through transparency with the organisers, the council and other services.
“As a PC and with Operations, I've probably worked more festivals than Melvin!”
The Employee of the Year Award is sponsored by Reading Buses .
Nominations for Pride of Reading have now closed but people can still nominate individuals or organisations for the Digital Ninja Award using the form below.
Any nominations received for any other categories after Wednesday, September 13 will not be valid.
Make your nomination for the Digital Ninja Award only
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
To nominate a person or business for the Digital Ninja Award all you need to do is fill out the form below and wait for our reporter to be in touch.
Please note there is no need to send in multiple nominations for the same person or organisation.
A panel of judges will decide the winners and shortlisted nominees will be invited to attend the awards ceremony in November.
The judges' decision on whether a nominee is shortlisted is based on each individual story – rather than the number of nominations each person or organisation receives.
If you can't see the form click here.
(ru) Все права защищены! © 2007 - Contact online news : При использовании материалов активная гиперссылка на www.contact.az обязательна
(en) All rights reserved! © 2007 - Contact online news : When reprinting, active hyperlink on www.contact.az required. Powered by © Contact Online news, 2007 -
Email: editor.contact.az@gmail.com
A West Point volunteer who has been a mentor to Askew and other cadets, said she'll hold her up as a role model for girls when she holds wor…
× Joe's Weather Blog: Keeping an eye on Wednesday (MON-8/14)
A lot of different blogs for you to read….there's part 1 of my Solar Eclipse blog…then part 2 was posted this morning…and then there is a matter of the weather as well for the week ahead,,,which is the purpose of this blog. My fingers may fall off after this week but it's fun to have a LOT to write about! Let's focus on a somewhat changeable week around the area…but I want to start with this…here we are on the 14th…and through the 1st 13 days of the month our average temperature is running 7.2° below average and are now #1 in terms of the coolest start to the month of August. Today will be the 20th straight day of NOT hitting at least 90° in KC (officially at KCI)
Forecast:
Today: Variable clouds with increasing breaks of sunshine as the day moves along. Somewhat warmer and more humid than it has been though with highs around 84°
Tonight: partly cloudy and muggy with lows well into the 60s
Tuesday: Partly cloudy and muggy. Highs into the mid 80s again
Wednesday: Thunderstorm chances will be around off/on all day. The time-frame to watch for perhaps heavier storms (or severe storms) is towards the later afternoon and evening. That is subject to change though. Highs again into the low.mid 80s.
Thursday: A nicer day with lower humidity…highs in the lower 80s.
Discussion:
I went through the records and I did find 2 previous Augusts where we didn't hit 90° at all for the month…1915 and 1950. There have been about 10 Augusts that we only hit 90° once. At this point until the last week of August I don't think we get there @ KCI…let's see what happens then.
This morning, as I look at radar…there are some cells across northern MO…that is actually part of the area that could use some rain…
By the time you look at this blog though…that activity may wane…
Clouds have certainly increased though overnight and as I've written in some previous blogs…forecasting cloud cover and the extensiveness of it for a 5-10 minute span 1 week out is ludicrous at this point. Imagine IF we woke up next Monday with these clouds in place…we'd be sweating the forecast of whether or not there would be significant breaks in time for the eclipse (but I digress).
The next few days will be characterized by a more noticeable muggy feel to the air…and temperatures running closer to average overall. As the humidity builds and the moisture throughout the atmosphere thickens up…we'l be watching ac old front approach the area on Wednesday. That front will be the main weather feature of the week…and one that needs to be watched for the potential of stronger storms capable of perhaps some severe weather and also some locally heavy rains…1-3″.
Here is the set-up for Wednesday…
A cold front will be coming into the area from the Plains region later in the day and towards Wednesday. Ahead of the front warm and moist air will be streaming northwards from the Gulf area…that process has actually already started since we can “feel” the mugginess” the air already. As we get into Wednesday this moisture will get thicker and thicker in the atmosphere. More moisture in the atmosphere means that what storms do form should be more efficient rain producers.
There are though some questions including how unstable we will get during the day…with there be off/on showers/storms during the day to reduce the instability when the front gets closer to the area…will there be some disturbance(s) that come up from the SW ahead of the front to create additional “appetizer” clusters of rain/showers…again potentially depleting the overall moisture in the atmosphere for the front's arrival? So the severe weather risk is by no means a slam dunk…but given the right circumstances…we could have some frisky storms form.
Our model data isn't convincing either which way…its showing some activity during the 1st part of the day…and that certainly can happen. It also is showing an attempt for the atmosphere to start “recovering” later in the afternoon and that too is reasonable…so let's put this on the proverbial radar screen to follow. Again certainly not a slam dunk severe weather day…if nothing else though the storms will produce some locally heavy rains in the region. Too early for much more than that.
Our feature photo comes from Heith Carrahan out towards Blue Springs earlier this month.
Joe
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
Govt. mulls implementation of sustainable school feeding programme
By Murtland Haley
Baby steps are being made in the direction of Guyana someday having a sustainable school feeding programme. Members of government yesterday expressed their support for such a programme, but simultaneously voiced their reservations with implementing such an initiative.
All of this occurred during a Ministerial Breakfast and Policy Briefing held at the Pegasus Hotel to address the issue. The event was organised by the Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations.
Representing government agencies were Minister of Agriculture, Noel Holder, Minister of Public Health, Volda Lawrence, Junior Minister of Public Health Dr. Karen Cummings, Minister of Social Cohesion, Dr. George Norton and Minister of Social Protection, Amna Ally. The Ministries of Education and Indigenous Peoples' Affairs were also represented. Also present was the First Lady, Ms Sandra Granger.
During the discussion segment of the meeting, FAO Lead on Food and Nutrition Security, Dr. Terri Raney said that government can derive a number of benefits from a sustainable school feeding programme.
She said that school feeding by itself is a good thing, but the sustainable school feeding model has much broader benefits. Noting this, Raney said that the question for government officials to answer is whether they agree that the model has the potential to generate the kinds of benefits considered in terms of healthy eating habits, employment, support for rural dynamic communities and good interface with public policy.
According to Raney, regular school feeding programmes only focus on vulnerable students. However, with this model, she said often there is stigma attached to these programmes whereby the students are made to feel that they are less worthy.
“With the sustainable school feeding programme, it's a universal programme. It's grounded in the universal right to food; so all children are eligible. No child is made to feel excluded.”
She said that as it relates to content, the sustainable model is much more diverse in terms a more nutritious and appetising diet. Raney explained that sustainable models are permanent programmes fully embedded into the social protection policy of the country.
One of the benefits outlined in the presentation, is that the model will have economic spin-offs within the community the school is located.
“They (sustainable school feeding programmes) emphasise purchase from local family farmers and through this, generate both community involvement and economic activities. They are more decentralised than regular school feeding programmes and really focus on community participation and community ownership.”
It was explained that the produce to make the food can be sourced directly from farmers in these communities, thereby providing a certain and ready market to absorb the agricultural products. This would give farmers an idea of how to tailor their production activities to meet the needs of the programme as it relates to the type and amount of vegetables and fruits cultivated.
For the programme to be implemented, Raney explained to the government officials that there needs to be a strong political commitment at the highest levels in Guyana.
“That means that the President, the First Lady, the Prime Minister, the Ministers, at the very highest level we need your commitment. This is not just an education programme, it's not just an agricultural programme, it's not just a health programme, it really requires the full commitment of the key political leaders here.”
At this point, it was explained by the First Lady that currently she has two projects whereby remedial education is provided and the children are given meals. She said that from the onset, the communities were engaged and the needs of each community were recorded.
Food was sourced from within the communities, according to Mrs Granger. She said that the teachers and the parents are involved. She said that if the sustainable model is implemented in Guyana, it can provide farmers with a guaranteed market, and also help them to add value to their products.
Commenting on the issue also was Minister Holder, who said that the timing of the school terms in Guyana is out of sync with the farming system, which can pose a problem. He said that historically, Guyana adopted a British school system. According to Holder, this works well with the British farming system, while in Guyana, it cuts across the farming system. He said that consequently, this affects the appreciation for farming by the younger population, since children are in school when the preparatory work is being done on farms and there is school when the harvesting is ongoing.
Moreover, Minister Lawrence said that before government implements such a system, she believes that careful steps must be taken to ensure that there is a complete ‘buy-in' to the programme by government, the opposition and other stakeholders.
She said that before the issue is taken to the National Assembly, a well-documented ‘position paper' must be prepared, to present and debate, so that when the programme is budgeted for and passed, the programme will have the full support of the legislative arm of government.
It was agreed that two pilot projects can be done to test the model – within a hinterland community and one on the coast. This will be done so that any tweaking which is necessary to satisfy cultural practices and religious sensitivities can be addressed.
KELLY NJOMBO, Lusaka
HIVOS, a Dutch development organisation has said Zambia needs to come up with strict regulatory measures that will enhance the monitoring of illegal fishing activities to avoid fish depletion in fishing regions.
In an interview on Thursday, Hivos Southern Africa regional advocacy manager for sustainable diets William Chilufya said it is unfortunate that despite the country having vast water resources, fish production still remains low.
Currently, Zambia produces about 100,000 tonnes of fish annually, but needs between 150,000 to 180,000 tonnes to meet the growing demand.
The fisheries sub-sector also currently, supports around one… http://epaper.daily-mail.co.zm/
"How do you reconcile public safety and the First Amendment?" That's the question Charlottesville, Va., Mayor Mike Signer asked in an interview on Sunday.
And it's a question city and state governments are likely grappling with after the weekend's violence in Charlottesville.
Around the country, white nationalists and other groups have protested efforts to remove statues and other symbols of the Confederacy. As counter-demonstrators arrive to protest the white nationalists, the resulting scenes are often tense and brimming with the potential for violence.
State and local officials prepared for Saturday's protests in Charlottesville, which were known about for months. But in the wake of fierce brawling in the streets of the usually quiet college town, and then a driver plowing his car into a crowd of pedestrians, killing one and injuring 19, many are asking what Charlottesville authorities could have done differently—and what could be done to prevent such violence in the future.
City Permitting and Free Speech
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe told NPR's Morning Edition that local authorities had done what they could to head off the fighting that erupted, but that they were foiled by a federal judge's decision to allow the Unite The Right rally to go on in Charlottesville's Emancipation Park.
Charlottesville tried to revoke the permit it had issued for the rally to be held in Emancipation Park, in order to move the protestors about a mile away to McIntire Park, which offered more open space.
"That was the place it should have been. We were unfortunately sued by the ACLU and the judge ruled against us," McAuliffe said. "That rally should not have been in the middle of downtown ... where [people] dispersed all over the city streets, and it became a powder keg. We've got to look at these permits, and we've got to look at where we put these rallies and protesters."
The ACLU responded that the injunction was the city's fault because it mounted a weak legal case.
"The Governor's anger about what happened is understandable," ACLU Virginia Executive Director Claire Guthrie Hastings said in a statement to NPR. "We are angry, too. The situation that occurred was preventable, and our lawsuit challenging the City to act constitutionally did not cause it. ... All we did was ask the City to live up to the requirements of the Constitution. That it failed to do so is on the City, not us."
Charlottesville Police Tactics Scrutinized
Also under scrutiny was the action – or inaction – of the Charlottesville police.
McAuliffe told Morning Edition that the police did "a magnificent job," and said the potential for violence had been high.
"They had to be very careful," the governor said. "We had been planning for this for a while. We had to show tremendous restraint because ... these people all came armed. I've never seen so many weapons. These people were wearing better gear than my own state police were wearing. They had body armor, helmets. I mean people were walking around with semi-automatic rifles through the streets."
"[If] one person fired one shot, it would have been a melee, and I would be talking to you today with a lot of body bags. None of that happened."
"Think of this," McAuliffe said. "Not one window was shattered, not one ounce of property damage, not one shot fired, and not one person went to the hospital, except for the 19 who were hit by a car terrorist. Which, you can't, you know – there's no preparation's that's gonna prepare for some nut, some murderer, who's going to turn his car into a weapon and run through a crowd."
But both protesters and counter-protesters criticized the police response.
"There was no police presence," Brittany Caine-Conley, a minister in training who locked arms with other clergy members in counter-protest, told The New York Times. "We were watching people punch each other; people were bleeding all the while police were inside of barricades at the park, watching. It was essentially just brawling on the street and community members trying to protect each other."
Princeton professor and activist Cornel West, who was also at the protest, told The Washington Post "the police didn't do anything in terms of protecting the people of the community, the clergy."
To Unite The Right rally's organizer, Jason Kessler, was also critical. "Charlottesville refused to honor permit as ordered by a federal judge. CPD didn't even show up until 1.5 hrs into the permit," he tweeted. "Inside the park was peaceful. Outbreaks of violence occurred where police refused to separate or even pushed the feuding groups together."
White nationalist Richard Spencer, another organizer, said the police had failed to protect the people who had gathered for the rally. "We came here as a demonstration of our movement," Spencer told the Post. "And we were effectively thrown to the wolves."
The ACLU's Hastings also criticized the policing on Saturday, which she said "was not designed to be ... effective in preventing violence."
"I was there and brought concerns directly to the Secretary of Public Safety and the head of the State Police," said Hastings. "They did not respond. In fact, law enforcement was standing passively by, waiting for violence to take place, so that they would have grounds to declare an emergency, declare an 'unlawful assembly' and clear the area."
Charles Ramsey, who formerly headed the police in Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., told the Post that demonstrators and counter-demonstrators "need to be in sight and sound of each other, but somebody has to be in between .... That's usually the police."
"The whole point is to have overwhelming force so that people don't get the idea they can do these kinds of things and get away with it," he said.
An NPR request for comment from the Charlottesville Police Department was not returned.
Lt. Joseph Hatter, a commander with the Charlottesville police, told the Post that officers tried to create separate areas. "It didn't work, did it?" he admitted. "I think there was a plan to have them separated. They didn't want to be separated."
He told the newspaper that he doesn't know that police waited to react to the violence. "I think we did the best we could under the circumstances."
Public Assembly and Public Space
Questions about how governments manage protests are likely to continue, and to be argued in court.
On Friday, a federal judge granted a temporary injunction, ruling that the city could not revoke the permit it had issued to Kessler to hold the demonstration in Emancipation Park.
In his opinion, Judge Glen Conrad said Kessler was likely to prevail on his claim that Charlottesville's decision to revoke his permit was content-based.
"Kessler's assertion in this regard is supported by the fact that the City solely revoked his permit, but left in place the permits issued to counter-protestors," Conrad wrote. "The disparity in treatment between the two groups with opposing views suggests that the defendants' decision to revoke Kessler's permit was based on the content of his speech rather than other neutral factors that would be equally applicable to Kessler and those protesting against him. This conclusion is bolstered by other evidence, including communications on social media indicating that members of City Council oppose Kessler's political viewpoint."
The judge wrote further that though the city maintained its decision to revoke Kessler's permit was due to the number of people likely to attend his demonstration, "their concerns in this regard are purely speculative." He added, "there is no evidence to support the notion that many thousands of individuals are likely to attend the demonstration."
Following the events in Charlottesville, those worried about potential violence have fresh evidence.
Public protests can become especially complicated when people are carrying guns and dressed in full camouflage, as some did this weekend in Charlottesville.
McAuliffe argues officials need help from the courts if governments are to maintain public safety while allowing people to exercise their First Amendment rights.
"We've got to get a better understanding with these judges to understand our job is to keep our community safe," he said. "The judiciary needs to do a better job of working with us."
And the ACLU's Hastings says that whatever strategies authorities use, they need to be lawful and in keeping with the Constitution: "It is my firm hope and desire that the Governor and other local officials will learn from this past weekend how constitutionally to prevent events like the horror we saw in Charlottesville."
On a recent Monday morning at Pelkey's Blueberry Farm on Greenbush Road in Charlotte, an excited child's voice carried over the hill: “Mom, do you see what I see? Those are all blueberries!”
The acres of blueberry bushes are impressive even to seasoned berry pickers, and belie the challenges of a very wet spring, which presented challenges not only at the Pelkey farm but berry farms across the state. Cassidy Myers, whose grandparents planted these bushes decades ago, said that while there was a slow start to the season, things have picked up over the last couple weeks.
Early in the season, she said, “we couldn't get a lot of work done in the field, but berries love the rain. The past few days we've been really busy, which is nice.”
According to the Vermont Agency of Agriculture, strawberry harvest season is in June, and blueberries and raspberries are harvested July through October. With about 3.5 inches more rain than average, June was a challenge for strawberry pickers and growers across the state, but that same weather is a boon for blueberries. Melissa Beatty, owner of the Charlotte Berry Farm, said the difference is “feast or famine, depending on the rain.”
Water is great for strawberries, but too much is trouble. An excessive amount of rain can propagate fungus, create a welcoming environment for plant eaters like slugs, or rot the roots of the growing plants. Beatty said their strawberries grew fine this year because “early on, the rain didn't hit as much.” Picking was another story.
“Strawberry season was shorter for us,” Beatty said. Though they usually offer a you-pick option, she said this year, “we didn't have anyone picking. There's no way we would have had people in there.”
Bob Castle of Fisher Brothers Farm in Shelburne said farmers expect rain, and the reason many berry farms are successful despite circumstances out of their control is because of planning. “There are any number of things a farmer can do to mitigate the effects of too much rain or too much sun, but the farmer better have thought of them well in advance and be pre-postioned to put them into action,” he said.
“Plant in raised beds, construct surface drainage or sub-surface drainage systems to handle excessive water, or grow in high tunnels or other greenhouse structures to mitigate the amount of water on foliage and the immediately surrounding soil, retarding the mold and fungus growth,” he said.
Berry pickers are a determined group of customers, however, and won't be deterred by a little rain or a sparse crop. Jackie Anderson of Moriah, N.Y., crosses the Champlain Bridge every year to visit Pelkey's. “We always come here to pick berries,” she said. “It's so beautiful.” This year she brought some assistants, her boys Breyten, Colten and Traeh, enthusiastic helpers who occasionally popped berries in their mouths for sustenance.
Nearby, Katie Prescott, her mother Kathy Prescott, and her boys Cadence and Sharma were hard at work filling a tray. From the Bay Area of San Francisco by way of Keeyesville, N.Y., this is an important part of their summer. “We come here every year,” Katie said. “It's a tradition.”
1. #InsecureHBO / LawrenceHive
Reactions to the latest episode of the HBO original series.
Here's what people are saying:
Insecure stays being great week after week
I definitely thought they were gonna rob Lawrence
Aww, Lawrence realizing he ain't about that life? he wants that old bouch back?
Lawrence is living right now boy. Straight living!!!
Even if they are in an open marriage, you don't smash the homie.
The code switching in the car —too real.
I spy Syd the Kid as the DJ at this party!
as the DJ at this party! Daniel is a freaking SCHNACK
Is Daniel's beard a lacefront?
2. #GameOfThrones/#DemThrones/#ThronesYall
Reactions to the latest episode of the HBO fantasy drama.
Here's what people are saying:
Sam screaming over Gilly while she tells him crucial info is the experience of every woman at every meeting ever
Clearly not emotionally stable because I'm crying at this Jon Snow and dragon meet and greet right now
I won't be surprised if Little Finger has actually crossed the Wall and made an alliance with the Night King
Can someone please be ahead of Little Finger for once?
I gotta sit through watching Jon fight white walkers again when I almost blacked out during his last battle? Nope.
Last season it took 5 episodes to travel in Westeros now all we do is blink and they're at their destination
3. #PowerStarz
Reactions to the latest episode of the Starz original series.
Here's what people are saying:
Tariq was like…nope…not tryna be an accessory to murder today.
When you realize why Angela told Silver to tell Ghost it was Mike. Then you realize she's a mastermind.
Angela knew .. she knew what she was doing telling Silver
Proctor, I thought you were one of us.
The state's top prosecutor and others are concerned that the current law calls for reporting abuse by parents, guardians and custodians of children but leaves out abuse by other people such as school personnel.
The proposed legislation would broaden reporting obligations to cover abuse and neglect by almost anyone.
'Page Six TV' host Bevy Smith brunches from noon to 9 p.m. TV personality and businesswoman Bevy Smith likes to unwind with family and friends on the weekends, especially after a usually frenetic week that includes co-hosting the nationally syndicated show “Page...
'Page Six TV' renewed for another season “Page Six TV” has been renewed through the 2018-2019 season on Fox TV stations.
'Page Six TV' parties with Karolína Kurková and Gloria Estefan Supermodel Karolína Kurková and superstar Gloria Estefan traded tales of being two hardworking mothers.
Page Six TV to stream on Hulu Endemol Shine North America and the New York Post's new nationally syndicated “Page Six TV,” which launched in September in more than 200 local markets across the U.S., will make its streaming...
'Page Six TV' scores big ratings wins with premiere episode “Page Six TV” is off to a flying start. The new syndicated show, which premiered Monday (7 p.m. on WNYW/Ch. 5), snared the best overnight ratings for a magazine launch...
Post's iconic 'Page Six' gossip column is now on TV It's standard practice for TV types to read celebrity news off a TV monitor — which is something you won't see on “Page Six TV,” the nationally syndicated gossip show...
Bevy Smith celebrates Andy Cohen at Sirius XM party “Page Six TV” contributor Bevy Smith hosted the soiree at Baccarat's new shop at Bloomingdale's.
U.S. Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford, left, talks with South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-moo during their meeting at the Defense Ministry in Seoul, South Korea, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. Pool Photo via AP Kim Hong-Ji
WASHINGTON (AP) — Don't expect designer babies any time soon — but a major new ethics report leaves open the possibility of one day altering human heredity to fight genetic diseases, with stringent oversight, using new tools that precisely edit genes inside living cells.
What's called genome editing already is transforming biological research, and being used to develop treatments for patients struggling with a range of diseases.
The science is nowhere near ready for a huge next step that raises ethical questions — altering sperm, eggs or embryos so that babies don't inherit a disease that runs in the family, says a report Tuesday from the National Academy of Sciences and National Academy of Medicine.
But if scientists learn how to safely pass alterations of the genetic code to future generations, the panel said “germline” editing could be attempted under strict criteria, including that it targets a serious disease with no reasonable alternative and is conducted under rigorous oversight.
“Caution is absolutely needed, but being cautious does not mean prohibition,” said bioethicist R. Alta Charo of the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
“This committee is not saying we will or should do germline — heritable — editing. What we are saying is that we can identify a set of strict conditions under which it would be permissible to do it,” Charo added. “But we are far, far away from being ready to try.”
Genome editing should not go beyond healing the sick and enhance traits such as physical strength, what's commonly called “designer babies,” the panel stressed.
But the public should get involved in these debates now, to say what might one day be acceptable.
The long-awaited report offers advice — the prestigious academies cannot set policy. But it is considered a step toward creating international norms for responsible development of this powerful technology. The U.S. National Academies and its counterparts in Britain and China have been holding international meetings with the hope of doing just that.
“Genome editing is a new tool for gene therapy and it has tremendous promise,” Charo said. But, she added, it has to be pursued in a way that promotes well-being and is responsible, respectful and fair.
Genome editing is essentially a biological version of cut-and-paste software, allowing scientists to turn genes on or off, repair or modify them inside living cells. There are a few older methods but one with the wonky name CRISPR-Cas9 is so much faster, cheaper and simpler to use that it has spurred an explosion of research.
Under development are ways to treat a range of diseases from sickle cell and hemophilia to cancer. In lab experiments using human cells or animals engineered with humanlike disorders, scientists are unraveling how gene defects fuel disease — and are even trying to grow transplantable human organs inside pigs.
That kind of research is very promising, is adequately regulated today and should continue at full speed, the National Academies panel concluded.
When it comes to the more sci fi-sounding uses, it's quite possible scientists will learn how to perform germline editing in five to 10 years, said panel co-chair Richard Hynes of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Safety is one reason for caution, he said, as scientists will have to learn whether editing one gene has unwanted downstream effects.
Some critics argue that families plagued by inherited diseases already have other alternatives — adopt, use donated eggs, or undergo in vitro fertilization and discard resulting embryos that inherit the bad gene. But Charo noted that sometimes parents carry two copies of a lethal gene, guaranteeing any children inherit it. Others oppose the discarding of embryos for religious reasons.
For some families, “you can see there would be strong arguments for doing it” if the other criteria are met, said Robin Lovell-Badge of Britain's Francis Crick Institute.
Some countries prohibit any germline editing research. Others, such as Britain, allow laboratory research with genome editing in embryos, not for pregnancy but to understand human development.
In the U.S., scientists can perform laboratory embryo research only with private, not government, funding. Any attempt at pregnancy would require permission from the Food and Drug Administration, which is currently prohibited from using federal funds to review any such request.
“The bottom line is there is no planetary government with enforcement power,” Charo noted Tuesday.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Airbus and Boeing expect turbulence in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Photo: Courtesy RCA
By Scott T. Sterling
From the moment it was officially announced, Justin Timberlake's Man of the Woods has generated a whirlwind of rumors, innuendo and controversy.
Related: Justin Timberlake Dances With Jessica Biel in ‘Man of the Woods' Video
The title alone had many trumpeting that the pop superstar was pulling a reverse Taylor Swift and “going country.” Others accused him of simply aping contemporary country music culture in an appeal at a wider audience.
Listening to Man of the Woods, the reality is far less sensational. As an artist who emerged from NSync into a fully formed pop star with the release of his 2002 solo debut, Justified, Timberlake has continually taken bold risks in ongoing efforts at staying at the vanguard of modern music and pop culture at large. His new album is no exception.
With the futuristic sheen of “Filthy,” an attempt at recreating the then-shocking effect “Sexyback” had upon its initial release in 2006, Man of the Woods finds Timberlake again delving into new territories hoping to shake things up in the world around him.
These are the 5 best songs on Man of the Woods.
“Wave”
With Timberlake re-teaming with the Neptunes (Pharrell Williams and Chad Hugo) for a number of tracks, the trio recaptures the bright, feel-good vibes that made Justified such an instant hit on this cool and melodic track.
“Supplies”
This one probably shouldn't work. Somehow, Timberlake throwing caution to the wind and going hard with the Neptunes on a full-blown trap-style club banger comes together into a track that will actually bang in Vegas clubs. Watch the futurist video, which contains explicit language, here.
“Say Something”
The first of two Chris Stapleton collaborations on Man of the Woods is the clear standout. The two share a similar genre-blurring aesthetic, with Stapleton's genuine roots a strong foil for Timberlake's pop experimentalism.
“Breeze Off the Pond”
Another Timberlake/Neptunes gem. Justin assumes a smooth, Stevie Wonder-like singing style on the relaxed, soul-pop track brushed with lush background vocals. The top-down summer road trip jam of the album.
“Morning Light”
Timberlake teams with Alicia Keys on this cool, breezy tune. Key's laid-back and subtle performance gives the track a warm, sultry appeal, and meshes well with Timberlake's controlled delivery. Like with the Stapleton tracks, Timberlake lets the featured artist lead the track and infuse it with their own personality.
Rubicon's Cloud-to-Device Identity and Authentication Delivers Efficiency, Policy Enforcement, and IoT Services to the Industrial, Smart Buildings/Cities, Healthcare, and Agricultural Markets
SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Rubicon Labs, a cybersecurity company providing secure identity for IoT devices, will make a presentation and showcase its breakthrough Identity Platform on ST's STM32L4 MCU device in Seattle tomorrow, April 18, at the ST Technology Tour 2017.
Titled "IoT Identity: A Driver for New Revenue Generation," the presentation will focus on both the enormous business opportunities and the dangers of the expanding the attack surface and security holes in IoT devices.
Rod Schultz, VP Product, will discuss how to identify security pitfalls and how to control and amplify the power of IoT devices to maximize business success and the opportunity to implement new business models. Rubicon's IoT Identity Platform is designed to unlock new revenue streams and provide secure identity for cloud services running on AWS, down to the very high-end ARM® Cortex®-M0 class of MCU processors. Rubicon will demonstrate the secure provisioning of identity and the services built on top of this secure identity such as data signing/validation, data encryption/decryption, and policy creation and enforcement.
Rubicon Labs' CEO Richard Egan said: "The Rubicon Identity Platform showcased on an ST ARM® Cortex®-M class device expands the Rubicon Labs ecosystem with a close partnership with ST and helps enable Identity for IoT ecosystems for several markets, including industrial, medical, and agricultural sectors."
Those interested in attending the Rubicon Labs presentation can join the event for free by signing up at: ST Technology Tour. The Tour, sponsored by ST Technology, is a traveling seminar with hands-on exhibits and presentations.
About Rubicon Labs:
Rubicon Labs was founded in 2012 with a mission to provide trust, identity, and security. It is disrupting the world of digital identity in the IoT space with an identity service from the cloud down to the smallest micro-controllers that allows unique identities to be easily provisioned across networks. Rubicon's choice of symmetric cryptography allows identity be done at very low power and high speed. This service abstracts the challenges of security and identity and allows for the monetization of IoT networks and data.
Rubicon Labs is venture-backed with funding from Akamai, Third Point Ventures, and Pelion Venture Partners. The team has driven the development of globally successful technologies with Apple (including key contributions to the DRM structure for iTunes), Logitech, Broadcom, and key defense technologies. The company holds 13 patents with additional pending. For more information, please visit: https://www.rubiconlabs.io/
2:25
'I've seen my death. I'm not going to live long,' victim tells mother hours before fatal shooting
This story is about Published 4h
Tyler Seguin gives away his secret sauce for preparing fish, on playing in the World Cup of Hockey with Jamie Benn Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
/Bruce Bennett/Getty Images NASHVILLE, TN - JANUARY 30: Tyler Seguin #91 of the Dallas Stars (C) takes a picture as Jamie Benn #14 of the Dallas Stars looks on during the 2016 Honda NHL All-Star Skill Competition at Bridgestone Arena on January 30, 2016 in Nashville, Tennessee. (Photo by Bruce Bennett/Getty Images)
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter: @SportsDayDFW
Editor's note: This story was originally published on August 18, 2016. Dallas Stars center Tyler Seguin recently joined ESPN's "Hockey Today" podcast. Here are some highlights: On his passion for fishing Scott Burnside: Before we started to tape this you were saying your summer had been both short and long. Seems sort enigmatic. What's the long and the short of the Tyler Seguin summer? Tyler Seguin: I think the short of it was that I really enjoy fishing and I'm a little disappointed it's going to come to an end. The long of it is I really haven't played a full hockey game in a long time now considering I got hurt at the end of the season. Definitely have that itch. Looking forward to the next couple weeks because hockey is going to start ramping up now.
Player profile: The franchise record Stars center Tyler Seguin is already on verge of claiming
Scott Burnside: Let's start with the fishing part. Are you a lake fisherman? Are you a deep sea kind of guy? What's your fishing preference? Tyler Seguin: I'm a lake person. I've been at a cottage pretty much since I could walk and play hockey. My parents would always rent a cottage every weekend. It was always a goal of mine to purchase one myself. I did that this past season. I've been pretty much on the water almost all summer on weekends going for bass...and pike. Really enjoying it out there. Scott Burnside: Now can you clean your own fish or do you have someone else do it? Tyler Seguin: That's half the fun of it. Yeah, I can clean. I'm sure my old man would definitely critique my cleaning skills. I think we have different looks on how to properly to do it. But in the end it makes for a good lunch once in awhile. Scott Burnside: Before we leave the fish, is there a special Tyler Seguin fish recipe? Do you blacken it? Do you grill it? Tyler Seguin: More of what it would call a special sauce. Basically it's pretty simple. It's ketchup and mayonnaise. You mix it together and you toss it on your fish. That's probably the little secret. I don't know how popular it is or how many people do it. But you can't have fish without that. The most frustrating part of his Achilles injury
/Jae S. Lee/Staff Photographer Dallas Stars center Tyler Seguin checks on his right achilles at the end of the Stars' 4-3 win over Tampa Bay Lightning at American Airlines Center in Dallas, Thursday, March 17, 2016. (Jae S. Lee/The Dallas Morning News)
Scott Burnside: The injury itself: an Achilles injury. On a scale of 1-10 how much did it hurt? And did you know at the time like, 'Oh, this is not good?' Tyler Seguin: The hurt part, when it got actually cut there wasn't too much pain. Obviously it was at the end of the game and with the adrenaline I honestly didn't really feel it. I knew something was off. But then the days after that, the surgery...I don't know if I can give it a number but that was pretty painful. Obviously the setback with my calf muscle. The thing with this injury it was such an uncommon one and a weird one. I mean, that's where I got a little frustrated because you couldn't really get an answer on how long or when it'd be ready like that, like a typical hockey injury. I had to learn a lot especially sitting upstairs for so long. It's definitely going to help me to go forward. If he's looking forward to the World Cup of Hockey
Quick scouting reports on young Stars Lindell, Honka, Dickinson and Shore
Scott Burnside: Do you have a sense of maybe teams you're looking forward to playing? Maybe it's Team North America with all the young guys. Maybe it's Team USA given the natural rivalry between the two countries. Is there sort of a part of the tournament itself that you're looking forward to after you actually get that [Team Canada] jersey on?
Tyler Seguin: I think I'm looking forward to definitely playing everybody. I think it's always special going against US and Russia. I'd say the team I'm most -- I guess the word might be curious -- about...is Team North America with all the -- I don't want to say kids because I'm pretty much right there with their age -- younger players and what they're going to be like in the tournament. No you can't be surprised if they're going to upset people. But for our team that's going in with really not too much pressure, that can be a very dangerous team so I'm looking forward to seeing how they do. Playing with Stars teammate Jamie Benn Scott Burnside: One of the [things] I assume must be the attractive parts to you of this tournament is you get to share it with your oftentimes linemante and captain of the Dallas Stars Jamie Benn, [who's] also coming off an injury this spring. Is there sort of an added element or bonus to playing on the team like Team Canada with a guy with whom you are so close in your regular NHL duties? Tyler Seguin: Yeah definitely. A special thing. Even something like the All-Star game last year was the first time we've gone to really an event like that together. I think you go through any of these experiences; we're all hockey players. We all have these dreams and goals. I think to be able to share that with a fellow teammate and most of the time linemate is only going to make things even more special. Get the latest Stars news here | Follow dmn_stars on Twitter | Like our Stars Facebook page here
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Bottles of medicines at the shelves in one of the major pharmacy in Suva. Health and Medical Services Minister Rosy Akbar has called for policies to be put in place to ensure access quality and safety of essential medicines with affordable costs. Picture:
COMPLAINTS regarding highly obvious differences in prices of medicine have been received by the Consumer Council of Fiji, says council's chief executive officer Premila Kumar.
Ms Kumar said many consumers had issues regarding prices and in many cases they could not afford medication.
"The other issue is where the generic medicine is sold as original so that is basically a trade fraud, where they are trading or selling generics as originator brand and unfortunately consumers don't know," she claimed.
"They cannot differentiate the two so that becomes an issue and later when they find out about pricing from one store to another, consumers come to us and ask why the medicine is sold by a pharmacy at a particular price whereas another would sell at a different price."
Ms Kumar also said generic medicine tended to be an unfavourable choice among the public.
"There is nothing wrong with generic medication. Originator brands are more expensive because the patent is still with the creator of the medication.
"When the patent is taken off, it simply means many other companies can make the same medication so that doesn't mean the active ingredient is any way lesser.
"I suppose generic medication is seen not in a positive way in Fiji and consumers always say we want good medicine and good here defines originator brands."
Ms Kumar said this in an interview with the media during the four-day Quality Assurance and Rational Use of Essential Medicines in the Pacific Island Countries meeting in Nadi which she was attending.
She said the meeting was especially important as it allowed her organisation to bring issues faced by consumers directly to policymakers.
According to Ms Kumar, there was a need to find solutions to problems faced by the pharmaceutical sector across the region.
When contacted, Fiji Pharmaceutical Society president Reshnika Sen said generic and original branded medication had different pricing.
"That is why when doctors prescribe the medicine, they write only the drug name," she said.
"So when consumers go to pharmacies to buy medicine, for example, the price of Indian branded medicine will be different from the Australian one."
Ms Sen said the Commerce Commission regulated the prices of 72 types of medicine.
"For the remaining medicine, prices will vary because it is a very competitive market and competition drives the prices."
How bad would liquidity have to get for one of China's largest companies to dump about $13 billion in assets in less than four months? Investors may find out and get a sense of whether the disposals are enough when debt-laden HNA Group Co., the once-high-flying conglomerate, releases its results as soon as this week.
The 2017 annual report will provide the most extensive details yet of HNA's financial distress before it began offloading property from Hong Kong to New York, and selling shares in companies from Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. to Deutsche Bank AG in 2018. More disposals are on the way, as HNA still has at least $7 billion in real estate and stock for sale, according to a Bloomberg tally.
The disposals are emblematic of China's sudden loss of appetite for foreign trophy assets. HNA and other acquisitive conglomerates such as Anbang Insurance Group Co., Dalian Wanda Group Co. and CEFC China Energy Co. are now hunkering down after going on a multiyear buying binge gobbling up everything from New York's Waldorf Astoria hotel to large stakes in Deutsche Bank.
Still, things have been looking up lately for HNA as the asset sales have helped some of the conglomerate's bonds rise more than nine percent from their lows in mid-December. Also, Chinese President Xi Jinping recently announced measures to bolster the economy in HNA's home base of Hainan, which could benefit the embattled group.
Read more: QuickTake explainer on HNA
Closely held HNA declined to comment for this story. Below are some metrics that analysts and investors will watch for to give them a better picture of HNA's financial situation.
Borrowing Costs
In the first half of last year, HNA paid more interest than any other Asian non-financial company and ranked fifth worldwide, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Borrowing costs soared to above $2 billion during the period, more than what HNA could cover through its earnings before interest and taxes -- a rarity for a company of that size.
Then things got worse. HNA sold China's most expensive short-term dollar bond in early November and one unit paid a record coupon in China's bond market in January. Concerns about the conglomerate's finances deepened as news spread about its units missing bills and bank payments, which HNA countered by saying it had a healthy debt structure and that it wouldn't default on borrowings anytime soon. Bonds of a couple of the conglomerate's units fell to record lows late last year.
Leverage
Total debts, which stood at 590 billion yuan ($93 billion) as of June, should also be in focus. In December, HNA provided an update that those debts had increased to 637.5 billion yuan by November.
The June number was almost 28 times the group's first-half Ebit. Worldwide, only five non-financial companies with assets of over $100 billion had a higher multiple, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
Another debt figure that will be in the spotlight will be how much credit the group had available from Chinese banks as of the end of last year. HNA has said it had about 310 billion yuan of untapped credit lines as of mid-December.
Cash
The group, whose businesses range from aviation to hospitality and property, may have among the biggest cash piles in corporate China -- it had 144 billion yuan of cash and equivalents at the end of June. But that was still below the 185 billion yuan in short-term debt it had during the period. Even if you were to add short-term investments and Ebit to that pile, it would still fall short of the near-term debt obligations.
Having a smaller cash pile than one's short-term debt isn't necessarily cause for alarm because that's the case at some companies like Toyota Motor Corp., whose investment-grade credit rating allows it to roll over borrowings for cheap. But HNA has to refinance debt at much higher costs, exacerbating its financial condition and illustrating why it would need to resort to large asset sales to stay afloat.
In the face of a liquidity crunch HNA is said to have told creditors early this year that it planned to sell about $16 billion in assets during the first half of 2018. The group has disposed of $13 billion this year, with the biggest being the $6 billion sale of its Hilton Worldwide stake.
So will $16 billion be enough? Some analysts said that may not be the case even if HNA raises enough cash to cover its immediate debt and that the government's scrutiny of high-profile dealmakers may also drive disposals. Anbang former Chairman Wu Xiaohui is waiting for a court ruling on charges fraudulent fundraising and the government is said to be preparing the sale of some of the insurer's assets. CEFC, which last year agreed to buy a $9 billion stake in Russian state energy giant Rosneft PJSC, has also been facing mounting government pressure.
"The consideration isn't purely from a commercial perspective," said Castor Pang, head of research at Core-Pacific Yamaichi HK. "They may need to further cut down their overseas exposure to address government policy."
Profitability
While assets and sales surged 19 percent and 92 percent, respectively, in the first half of last year, profit didn't keep pace. Net income climbed 47 percent but was only 0.2 percent of assets, ranking its return on assets among the world's lowest for a non-financial company of HNA's size, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
— With assistance by Teresa Huang, Adrian Leung, and Hannah Dormido
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness Pause
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
1:33 How to grill ribs: Tips from The Rib Line's kitchen
The Houston Rockets, as playoff teams tend to do, handed out free T-shirts for their opening-round game against the Thunder.
But not everyone was willing to wear the shirts — at least initially. The Rockets noticed that Houston Texans star J.J. Watt was seated courtside for Sunday's Game 1, and he was not wearing the free red T-shirt. Now, Watt is a big dude. And while the free shirts are usually way too big for the average person, Watt just assumed that he wouldn't be able to fit into the shirt.
The Rockets didn't care, though.
J.J. Watt called out for not wearing #Rockets t-shirt at Toyota Center. Claimed shirt was too small. Not tighter than the one he's wearing. pic.twitter.com/POMOCK3VVA — Texas Sports Nation (@ChronTXSN) April 17, 2017
The videoboard focused on Watt and presented the message, “Put your shirt on.”
Watt picked up the shirt and tried to argue his case that it would be too small, but eventually he gave the shirt a try anyway.
And it sort of fit. Actually, it fit quite well once you consider that he put it over the shirt he was already wearing.
The Rockets went on to win, 118-87, and Watt continued to wear the shirt.
Uncertainty caused by the UK's decision to exit the European Union (EU) will create tough survival decisions for companies in the information and communications technology (ICT) sector, which is already experiencing a slowdown in growth, thin profit margins and fierce competition, reports Atradius.
In its latest annual ICT Market Monitor, the trade credit insurer warns that the UK's ICT businesses are fighting against a slowdown in household consumption and an increase in the delays of long-term corporate IT projects which will almost halve growth levels within the sector this year.
After growth of 4.5% in 2016, the UK's ICT sector is expected to expand by only 2.6% this year.
The insurer reports that while demand for hardware products is declining, software and data services are taking their place as the main drivers of growth, together with cloud computing. The continued development of mobile apps and new technology are anticipated to drive the sector forward in coming years.
Atradius also notes that payment experience within the ICT sector is good with a low level of protracted payments and no increase in the number of non-payments year on year. In addition, the level of sector insolvencies is “average” with no substantial increase expected this year. However, market competition is a big issue and margins which are already small, will be further squeezed.
“The traditional ICT sector in many developed markets is no longer growing at a rate that cushions businesses against the impact of rising costs and falling prices, with the result that many do not receive the returns they need from their working capital,” commented Simon Rockett, risk services manager for Atradius UK.
“Currently, the main triggers for defaults and insolvencies in this sector are increased price pressure and margin erosion due to heightened competition and lack of product differentiation. With minimal barriers to entry and new challenges arising it is a fiercely competitive environment and businesses are being forced to compete on price as they also try to differentiate their offering to preserve already thin margins.
“Looking forward, advancing technologies and changing market conditions will drive dramatic shifts in the sector landscape, putting pressure on distributors to clearly delineate their value to resellers and vendors. The choice they face to survive is to go big or go niche. Sustained and continued margin pressure, and fierce competition will increase the probability of failure for those businesses that are not able to adapt.”
The insurer adds that it is working with ICT buyers to develop foreign exchange hedging techniques to help mitigate against the fall in the pound since the Brexit referendum result in June 2016. Price rises of up to 10% have been seen across the supply chain following the UK currency's depreciation against the US dollar and higher import costs.
“Currency volatility has not had a major impact on ICT businesses in recent years but, in the wake of the Brexit referendum, it is now a significant factor,” said Rockett. “Adopting appropriate hedging mechanisms are vital to ensuring that businesses sufficiently limit their risk exposure.
“Any future breakdown of trade deals following the UK's departure from the EU will likely take their toll. The EU markets represent an important resource for business growth and also for recruitment for the British ICT industry and a departure will potentially lead to added costs and implications for UK resellers. With uncertainty the only certainty, a water-tight risk and credit and payment protection are outright essentials to weathering any Brexit storm.”
0 views
By Hayden Wright
After a rocky start to 2017, Mariah Carey seems to have hit her stride with new music and a new boyfriend. The elusive chanteuse split with Australian billionaire James Packer last year and quickly moved on with Bryan Tanaka, a backup dancer who appears on her docuseries Mariah's World. The pair shared an intimate Valentine's Day photo in a large copper bathtub.
Related: Mariah Carey Shares Music Video for ‘I Don't' Featuring YG
Mimi wished her followers a happy Valentine's Day and selected some hashtags: #happy, #moments and #bubbles. She seems to have put a public breakup and humiliating technical difficulties on New Year's Eve behind her. Cheers!
Take a peek at Mariah's carefree, festive Valentine's Day here:
On the Sunday morning after the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, a Fox News host defended them by comparing the grievances of white supremacists and nationalist protesters to those of Black Lives Matter movement.
Fox & Friends co-host Pete Hegseth argued that Black citizens protests against police brutality is comparable to the feeling of being a “second-class citizen” that many young white men feel.
“There's a reason those people were out there,” Hegseth said. “Some of it is outright racism and needs to be condemned. A lot of it, though, is I feel like my country is slipping away and just because I talk about nationalism ― not white nationalism ― doesn't mean I'm talking in code that I'm a racist.”
Though many have criticized President Trump for giving an abstract condemnation of violence on “many sides,” Hegseth said he “nailed it” and applauded him not “immediately picking a side right out of the gate.”
But Hegseth comments seem to be similar to Trump's conflated moral equivalency. It's a stretch to equate one side protesting being killed by police and another feeling oppressed, especially when the rally was a site of white supremacist domestic terrorism. BLM wants equal justice under the law, while the “alt-right,” when you cut through the coded rhetoric, essentially wants America is to a White ethno-state again.
LASU VC harps on importance on peace to development
Vice Chancellor of the Lagos State University (LASU), Prof. Olanrewaju Fagbohun, has called on stakeholders within the University community to allow peace and tranquility to reign on campus for development to take place.
The VC made this call while addressing members of the University community at the coconut breaking ceremony as part of activities marking the 2017 convocation.
According to him, the development being witnessed in LASU presnetly is as a result of the ongoing peace being currently enjoyed on campus, saying that LASU is striving to become one of the best universities in Africa.
“My appeal to everyone is that we should not look back despite the challenges we are facing and we should not expect the University management to meet all our demands; even in our respect homes, we cannot expect to get all that we want”, he said.
Prof. Fagbohun however assured them that what LASU will ensure to do is to be transparent, accountable and be fair to all as he urged the students not to allow anyone to use them to disrupt the ongoing peace on campus by causing crisis which will only prolong the academic calendar and deprive them from graduating at the right time.
President of the Lagos State University Alumni Association, Major General (rtd) Cecil Ezekaete, described the annual coconut breaking event as significant because it signifies the end of a session and ushering in new one.
He said the event also signifies peace, unity and development on campus as he thanked the Vice Chancellor for rebranding LASU and given it a new name.
” In those days employers of labour used to push aside certificates of LASU graduates and consider other graduates for employment but today the image of LASU has changed and gone are the days when the university was synonymous to crisis', he said.
He also urged staff unions to cooperate with the University management, saying it is about give and take, thus they should give room to constructive engagement, spirit of togetherness and unity.
We write the truth, without fear or favor, to bring you the news and images from Southern Philippines | Monday, April 17, 2017
I want you to know that unlike some people from Ohio, I don't have a built-in prejudice against Michigan. I think there are some great places in Michigan — well, at least in the top part of the state. You could drop the bottom half into Lake Michigan and you wouldn't be missing much.
But there's one thing that really bugs me about Michigan. In fact, it seems to me to be one of the great ironies of America. Michigan at one time was the center of the auto industry not only in the country but in the world. You would think people who relied so much on the automobile would know how to build roads. They do not.
The roads in Michigan are possibly the worst in the universe.
I recently took a business trip that required me to drive to the north side of what is left of Detroit. I survived but I'm not sure my car's suspension did.
As far as I can remember, the roads in Michigan always have been like this. As you head north on the highway, the roads in Ohio are pretty smooth. But once you cross the state line, you notice an instant change.
“What just happened?” my wife asked as she bounced up and down in her seat.
“Welcome to Michigan,” I said.
And when you get off the highway — well, you want to avoid that if you can.
Potholes the size of small vans are not uncommon. Crumbling roads are the norm. What's more, it's not a secret. Talk to someone from Michigan and they will tell you all about how lousy their roads are. It's just the way it's always been, I guess.
We managed to make it to our destination in one piece and stayed off the roads until it was time to go home. Then we had a real adventure.
Our GPS decided to get us back to the highway a slightly different way than we came. Alas, we were using a GPS that doesn't update traffic conditions, which was our mistake. But we figured a 20th century GPS was good enough when you're driving on 19th century roads.
When we got to our entrance ramp, we discovered it was closed. The highway at this particular place not only was being worked on, it was gone! Nothing down there but dirt and rocks. So we drove on, deciding to ignore our GPS since it wanted us to go back to the destroyed road. We weren't in a hurry; we'd just follow the detour signs.
So we tooled along for a while following little signs until we came to a big detour sign — which had been damaged so that only half of it remained. As we attempted to decipher the sign, we went by what might have been the best road to take. We'll never know, because there were still some more little detour signs up ahead. So we followed them.
Dodging holes in the road and jumping from lane to avoid the miniature Lake Michigans that dotted the roads after a heavy rain, we kept following the signs. Our compass said we were going south, so at least we were pointed in the right direction.
Before long, we found ourselves in downtown Detroit. I have to tell you, downtown Detroit really isn't bad and on a Saturday afternoon it can be kind of pleasant because there is no one around. We pulled over to the side and dragged out an old road map. We turned the GPS back on. We found another detour sign and decided to follow it.
Sure enough, it got us back on the right track, but we had to go north a number of miles before finally getting back on the highway not all that far from where we started out. Life is like that sometimes.
Bumping along, we sped south and before long there was the sign: Welcome to Ohio! Land of smooth roads! As soon as we crossed the line, we ran into a stretch of construction. But did I mind driving two inches from a temporary concrete barrier with a semi on the other side? No, sir. I was heading home.
It also gave me a new outlook on road construction in Ohio. It seems to go on all the time. There are more orange barrels in Ohio in the spring than there are daffodils. However, I now realize orange barrels mean at least we're fixing our roads. That beats the alternative.
http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/05/web1_David_Lindeman-1.jpg
David Lindeman Contributing Columnist
David Lindeman is a Troy resident and former editor at the Troy Daily News. He can be reached at lindy@woh.rr.com.
David Lindeman is a Troy resident and former editor at the Troy Daily News. He can be reached at lindy@woh.rr.com.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Facebook is getting deeper into the professional sports streaming game, partnering with Major League Baseball to air 25 weekday afternoon games in an exclusive deal.
The games will be available to Facebook users in the U.S. on Facebook Watch, the company's video feature announced last August, via the MLB Live show page. Facebook said Friday that recorded broadcasts will also be available globally, excluding select international markets.
The package, MLB's first digital-only national broadcast agreement, precludes teams from televising those games on their regional sports networks. The concept is similar to the exclusive package of Sunday night games on ESPN.
Facebook, Twitter and Amazon and other tech companies are in a race to acquire sports streaming rights, which can be lucrative and potentially boost user loyalty. The deal comes at a time when leagues are worrying about cord-cutters causing a decrease in viewers among cable television networks.
Verizon signed a deal with the NBA to stream eight basketball games on Yahoo, and Amazon paid $50 million to stream NFL games to Prime members last season.
The games will be produced by the MLB Network for Facebook Watch, with interactive and social elements that differentiate them from live streaming.
Facebook's first-month schedule includes Philadelphia-New York Mets on April 4, Milwaukee-St. Louis on April 11, Kansas City-Toronto on April 18 and Arizona-Philadelphia on April 26.
Facebook had a package of 20 non-exclusive Friday night games last year that began in mid-May and used broadcast feeds from the participating teams.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Clouds have been stubborn lately across south Florida and the region. On Monday they persisted much of the day although only a few favored locations actually received rain from them. The wettest, by far, was the Lower and Middle Florida Keys. Looking ahead, brief rain showers will remain possible as we tap into some moisture off the ocean. High pressure is at the heart of our weather pattern. It's anchored south of Bermuda in the western Atlantic (and likely to stay stationary into the middle of the week). For us, that means a continued onshore flow with comfortable temperatures and a nice breeze. Later in the week, the high should weaken further and ease southward. Local winds, in turn, will probably start veering more out of the south by the upcoming weekend. Expect a rise in temperature, into the middle 80's with higher levels of humidity. Early next week looks a bit more interesting, by the way. Long range forecast maps show a cold front crossing the Gulf of Mexico and moving our way by late Sunday or Monday. Rain and thunderstorm chances will likely increase ahead of the boundary… if the front holds together. Right now, it's too far off to say with any confidence (and fronts this time of the year can be especially weak, if not fickle).
Sonali Bendre Diagnosed With High-grade Cancer
Sonali further wrote, "A niggling pain led to some tests, which led to this unexpected diagnosis. My family and close friends have rallied around me, providing the best support system that anyone can ask for. I am very blessed and thankful for each of them."
The Actress Is Undergoing Treatment In New York.
"There is no better way to tackle this, than to take swift and immediate action. And so, as advised by my doctors, I am currently undergoing a course of treatment in New York. We remain optimistic and I am determined to fight every step of the way. What has helped has been the immense outpouring of love and support I've received over the past few days, for which I am very grateful. I'm taking this battle head on, knowing I have the strength of my family and friends behind me." - (sic)
TV Celebs Support Sonali Fight Against Cancer
Immediately after the actress broke the news, her fans and industry friends took to social media to wish the actress a speedy recovery. Television actors too, poured in wishes.
Shakti, Karan & Mandira
Shakti Arora: Our prayers are with u... u ll come out as a winner!! - (sic)
Karan Wahi: Have a speedy recovery. - (sic)
Mandira Bedi: God Bless. Beat it, hard and fast. And be well soon... - (sic)
Sophia, Mahi & Gauhar
Sophia Choudhary: Sending you all the love, strength, prayers in the world to fight this Sonali. God speed. - (sic)
Mahi Vij: We love you prayers prayers n just prayers. - (sic)
Gauhar Khan: Sending you all the positivity n love!!!! May you heal soon!! - (sic)
Ekta, Ayushman & KVB
Ekta Kapoor: You are going to b backkk! Ur in d duaaas of many! Get well sooon. - (sic)
Ayushman Khuranna: Prayers. Love. Wishes. - (sic)
Karanvir Bohra: Our prayers and blessings are with you..... praying for a speedy and health. - (sic)
Rucha & Gautami
Rucha Hasabnis: @iamsonalibendre Sending you all lots of love, positivity and healing energy. - (sic)
Gautami Kapoor: Sonali!!! You are a fighter. Love you... our prayers and thoughts with you. - (sic)
Steve Clifford was there the last time the Orlando Magic were a playoff contender.
He's being asked to make them one again.
Clifford was announced Wednesday as the new coach of the Magic, a team that has missed the playoffs in each of the last six years. Clifford — who spent the last five seasons as coach of the Charlotte Hornets — was an assistant coach on Stan Van Gundy's Magic staff during the team's most recent playoff run in 2012.
“We are very excited to welcome Steve back into the Magic family,” Magic president Jeff Weltman said. “Steve is widely regarded throughout the NBA community as an elite coach and developer of players at all stages. His teams have always been disciplined and prepared, and have embraced the concept of playing for each other.”
The team scheduled a Wednesday afternoon news conference.
Clifford is replacing Frank Vogel, who was let go after two seasons. Clifford — who missed 21 games this past season while dealing with severe headaches brought on by sleep deprivation — was fired by Charlotte at the end of this season, after going 196-214.
Hiring Clifford is easily the biggest move made so far by Weltman. He took over the club a year ago after the team fired Rob Hennigan and ended his five-year run that never got on solid footing.
Weltman made the decision after this season to part with Vogel, who was a proven winner in Indiana but simply didn't have a playoff-caliber roster in Orlando.
Neither does Clifford, at this point anyway. It will take more than a coaching change to improve Orlando's fortunes.
Clifford was ousted in Charlotte after a front-office shakeup. Owner Michael Jordan fired general manager Rich Cho and eventually hired Mitch Kupchak to replace him in April. Kupchak fired Clifford not long afterward.
The Hornets went to the playoffs twice in Clifford's five seasons, never winning a playoff series.
“The NBA isn't about winning — the NBA is about winning in the playoffs,” Clifford said at the end of Charlotte's season.
Clifford is coming to a franchise that has lost more games than any other NBA club over the past six years — 335. That's four more than Philadelphia, a franchise that was openly tanking for years before turning things around this season.
The Magic weren't tanking. They've just been bad.
Orlando hasn't had longer than a five-game winning streak at any time over the last six seasons. But over that same span, the Magic have had 23 losing streaks of at least five games. On their way to a 25-57 record that left them 18 games out of a playoff spot, the Magic had two seven-game slides and two other nine-game skids.
Since Van Gundy left, the Magic have gone through a series of resets.
There have been 62 players in uniform over the last six seasons — none of them an All-Star while in Orlando — and now five different coaches. Van Gundy was replaced by Jacque Vaughn, who was let go after 2 1/2 seasons and replaced on an interim basis by James Borrego. Scott Skiles then took over for one year, and Vogel ran things the last two seasons.
Clifford now gets his chance.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Police are looking for a damaged car after a driver struck and injured a pedestrian in Cass County Sunday evening and left the scene.
The county sheriff's office said that they were summoned to County Road 13 in the Onigum area of Turtle Lake Township, near Walker, just before midnight.
A 37-year-old woman had been struck by a vehicle. She suffered serious injuries, and was flown to a Fargo hospital for treatment.
Authorities said they do not know the make or model of the vehicle that struck the woman, who was not identified by name. They're asking for the public's help finding a vehicle that has passenger side damage, possibly with a broken mirror or window.
Anyone with information is encouraged to contact investigators at 218-547-1424.
In this Nov. 28, 2015 photo, California head coach Sonny Dykes watches during the first half of an NCAA college football game against Arizona State in Berkeley, Calif. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)
SMU is expected to complete its coaching search on Monday and reach a deal with former California head coach Sonny Dykes, according to a report from Sports Illustrated 's Bruce Feldman.
SOURCE: #SMU has zeroed in on ex #Cal & #LaTech HC Sonny Dykes to become the Mustangs next head coach. A deal is expected to get worked out today.
SMU lost head coach Chad Morris to the Arkansas opening last week. The Mustang athletic department has been motivated to move quickly on a head coach decision with the early signing period for recruits approaching.
Dykes spent four seasons as the Cal head coach and three at Louisiana Tech, amassing a 41-44 record. After being fired by Cal following the 2016 season, the Big Spring native spent the last season as an offensive analyst at TCU under Gary Patterson.
The 48-year-old Dykes are known for his variation of the Air Raid offense. While not identical to the power-spread that Morris ran, Dykes' system also looks to be an up-tempo and balanced attack.
Twitter: @AdamGrosbard
Downtown Boise grows up, and up, and up According to Forbes data, Boise is the nation's fastest-growing city. Here's a look at what's already been built and what's to come for Idaho's capital. Sven Berg sberg@idahostatesman.com ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK According to Forbes data, Boise is the nation's fastest-growing city. Here's a look at what's already been built and what's to come for Idaho's capital. Sven Berg sberg@idahostatesman.com
Nearly a decade after Lisa Dudley was shot and left to suffer for days in Mission, B.C., the province's coroner has scheduled an inquest into her death.
Dudley was 37 when she and Guthrie McKay were shot in their living room in September 2008. McKay was shot three times and died, but Dudley lived for days, paralyzed and tied to a chair.
The woman's parents blamed local Mounties for her death. A constable was called to Dudley and McKay's home for reports of gunfire the night of the attack, but he never stepped out of his cruiser to investigate, nor did he speak with the person who called 911.
Dudley was found five days after the shooting, and died in an ambulance before reaching the hospital. She was able to identify the shooter by blinking to answer police questions, Mounties said.
In 2010, officials announced there would be an inquest into her death, but the date wasn't set until this week because the final man accused in the grisly incident wasn't sentenced until 2017.
On Tuesday, the BC Coroners Service announced that the inquest will begin June 11, 2018 in Burnaby.
During the inquest, the coroner will hear evidence from witnesses under oath to determine the facts surrounding the death. A jury will have the opportunity to make recommendations aimed at preventing similar situations, a statement said.
The inquest is meant to determine facts surrounding why a death occurred, not to find fault.
The coroners service is permitted to hold inquests in cases that are of the public interest, or when there is a risk that circumstances surrounding the death could be prevented in the future.
Based on the circumstances of this case, the coroners service has decided it will no longer hold an inquest into the death of McKay.
During the trials held for four men alleged to have played a role in their deaths, the court heard Dudley ran a marijuana grow-op business with suspect Tom Holden. She and Holden had a romantic relationship previously, but Dudley chose to end it when Holden refused to leave his family.
Dudley believed she was owed money, the Crown said, and demanded to settle the debt. It is alleged that she and her next boyfriend, McKay, threatened Holden and his family, so Holden organized a hit that led to both the murders.
The gunman, Jack Woodruff, was paid $25,000 for killing her, the court heard during trial. Woodruff pleaded guilty to first-degree murder and was sentenced to life in prison, while Holden pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit murder and was sentenced to 10 years in prison last year.
Two other men, Bruce Main and Justin Andrew MacKinnon, both pleaded guilty to two counts of manslaughter and were sentenced to seven and eight years in prison, respectively.
By Luminous Jannamike
ABUJA – The Senator representing Kogi West in the National Assembly, Dino Melaye, has traced the rising spate of medical tourism among Nigerians to the failure of political leaders to provide basic health infrastructures for the citizens of this country.
He observed that as a country that has an estimated population of 200 million, Nigeria had no cardio-thoracic centre that handles heart emergencies.
Melaye stated this when he addressed journalists on the sideline of a fund raising event tagged ‘Nigerians4Nigeria' organized by Global Initiative for Peace, Love and Care (GIPLC) in Abuja.
He however affirmed the federal government's commitment to addressing the situation which he described as pathetic and pitiable.
He said: “Nigerians embark on medical tourism and vacations; because there is an outrageously calamitous situation in the health sector in this country. We have a system that is not working.
“Were our health facilities in this country in wonderful shape, we would not need to fly anybody overseas for medical treatment.
“Nigeria with a population of about 200 million people does not have one single cardio-thoracic centre. Today, if there is a heart emergency, the survival rate is zero.
“Ghana has a population of 18 million people yet it is about completing its second national cardio-thoracic centre.
“The most pathetic aspect of it is that we 34 Nigerian cardiologists currently working in Ghana National cardio-thoracic centre. It is a sorry state.
“I am not in the executive arm of government. I am a legislator but I want to categorically say that the health system in this country is in a very pitiable situation and it didn't start yesterday and it cannot be solved within four years.
“I tell all the political leaders in this country, myself inclusive, that we have failed in our responsibility of providing basic health infrastructures for the citizens of this country.
“I hope by this democratic evangelism, political leaders in this country will sit up and fix what needs to be fixed in the health sector.
“But I want to assure you that the APC government is doing all they can within their powers to correct the situation.
“We should give the improvement of health facilities in this country the same drive we are giving the fight against corruption.”
In a related development, a civil society group known as Partners to Inspire, Transform and Connect the HIV response (PITCH-Nigeria), yesterday said systemic failure in the health sector is to blame for the high rate of stigma and discrimination against people living with HIV in the country.
The group stated this in a press statement issued in Abuja on its behalf by the National Coordinator of Association of Positive Youths Living with HIV (APYIN), Isah Mohammed.
According to him, government health agencies at all levels are not doing enough to reduce stigma and discrimination against people living with HIV.
“There is some systemic error in government health agencies when it comes to reducing stigma and discrimination against HIV positive youths especially if the effort will not amount to Naira and Kobo in peoples' pocket.
“The poor youth-friendliness in government-owned healthcare facilities and the attitude of healthcare workers makes access to HIV treatment difficult and unattractive for young people.
“Sadly, due to stigma and discrimination, young people living with HIV/AIDS in Nigeria go through all forms of human right violations that expose them to isolation, low self-esteem and lack of interest in seeking help or accessing services,” Mohammed said.
He added that: “The care and support programme which had in the past helped to improve the livelihood and dignity of People Living with HIV (PLHIV) and their families is fading out of the national response plan.”
According to him, “this is because the government has no tangible, coordinated effort aimed at providing legal aid for indigent PLHIV since they are more likely to face stigma and discrimination.
“We must not fail to state that the National and States Agencies for the Control of AIDS (NACA and SACAs) are also not fully committed to the implementation of the Anti-HIV Discrimination Act of 2014.
“If NACA were to tell the world how they have spent global fund money, believe me all the executives would be sitting on the table not on chairs.
“But have you heard anything from NACA concerning how they are publicizing the anti-stigma law? NACA has not really given very significant details concerning its sensitization plan.
“There is so little that we can do as a civil society but there is much more the government can do to build peace among Nigerian youths through stigma reduction.”
“We hope to find a government driven HIV discrimination effort not pockets of CSO interventions,” he said.
Libertyville District 128 school board member, secretary indicted on perjury charges
hello
A longtime school board member and an administrative secretary in Libertyville-Vernon Hills Area High School District 128 have been indicted on perjury charges stemming from documents filed ahead of April's election, Lake County authorities said Wednesday.
Board member Ellen Mauer, 52, faces four counts of perjury, a felony punishable by a maximum two to five years in prison.
Mauer, who also serves as principal at Spaulding School in Gurnee, referred questions Wednesday to her attorney, Lawrence Laluzerne. He was not immediately available for comment.
Denise Zwit, assistant to Superintendent Prentiss Lea, faces three counts of perjury, said Cynthia Vargas of the Lake County states attorney's office. Zwit, 65, could not be reached for comment Wednesday.
They are accused of making false statements under oath about the collection of nominating petition signatures for the April 4 school board election, Vargas said. Mauer won her fourth term in the election, receiving the most votes of five candidates.
District 128 spokeswoman Mary Todoric said the district is not commenting on the indictments because they are legal matters.
School board President Patrick Groody also declined to comment.
Libertyville resident Tim Anderson, a frequent critic of the District 128 school board and administration, said he raised questions about the petitions with the state's attorney's office back in January.
Anderson said he noticed inconsistencies in the documents and brought them to authorities' attention. He said Wednesday he is disappointed the indictment didn't come before the election.
"It was a no-brainer," he said. "I'm miffed it took this long."
Authorities issued $25,000 arrest warrants for both Mauer and Zwit. It's not yet clear when they will appear in court, Vargas said.
This marks the second time this year a Lake County grand jury has brought perjury charges revolving around nominating petitions.
In February, former Lake County Coroner Dr. Thomas Rudd was indicted on five counts of perjury alleging he swore to the validity of petition signatures he knew were false.
Headquartered in Vernon Hills, District 128 educates more than 3,000 students at Libertyville High School and Vernon Hills High School. It serves all or parts of Libertyville, Vernon Hills, Green Oaks, Rondout, Mundelein, Mettawa and surrounding unincorporated areas.
OTTAWA — The federal Conservatives say if the Liberals are willing to put up billions of dollars to save the Trans Mountain pipeline to the West Coast, they should be willing to provide the same level of certainty to revive the Energy East line to the East Coast.
Opposition parties are sharpening their attacks on the government's decision to buy Trans Mountain for $4.5 billion to ensure it gets built, with the Conservatives looking to see how far the government is willing to go on other pipelines and the NDP arguing the Liberals have completely abandoned their environmental principles.
Conservative MP Lisa Raitt says the government seems to take for granted the 32 seats it won in Atlantic Canada in the last election, since it is willing to give certainty to Trans Mountain but didn't step in to save Energy East when TransCanada pulled the plug on that project last fall.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says Energy East is "old news" and the Conservatives are just embarrassed that they couldn't get pipelines built when they were in government.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
EU capitals seek stronger right of veto on Chinese takeovers
Burning Man participants watch a 40-foot wooden figure know as "The Man" burn on the playa at the Black Rock Desert near Gerlach, Nev., on Saturday, Sept. 1, 2007, during the Burning Man festival. (AP Photo/Brad Horn)
The co-founder of the "Burning Man" festival has died. He was 70.
Burning Man Project CEO Marian Goodell says Larry Harvey died Saturday morning at a hospital in San Francisco. The cause was not immediately known but he had suffered a stroke on April 4.
Harvey created Burning Man on a San Francisco beach in 1986, later moving the annual event to Nevada's Black Rock Desert.
As many as 70,000 people from around the world now flock to a dry lakebed 100 miles (161 kilometers) east of Reno every August for what has become a weeklong celebration.
During that week people are encouraged to build a community and pursue whatever interests them, while respecting one another.
At the celebration's conclusion a towering wooden effigy is burned to the ground.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Former acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe at the Justice Department in Washington, DC. Alex Wong/Getty Images
A previously unreported memo written by former acting FBI director Andrew McCabe shortly after James Comey's firing, reported by the New York Times Wednesday, describes private conversations between McCabe and deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein, adding new detail to the swirl of uncertainty surrounding the dismissal of Comey, as well as potential context for how it might fit into an obstruction of justice case being investigated by Robert Mueller. According to the Times, McCabe turned over his memo to the special counsel.
From the Times:
In the document… Mr. McCabe described a conversation at the Justice Department with the deputy attorney general, Rod J. Rosenstein, in the chaotic days last May after Mr. Comey's abrupt firing. Mr. Rosenstein played a key role in the dismissal, writing a memo that rebuked Mr. Comey over his handling of an investigation into Hillary Clinton. But in the meeting at the Justice Department, Mr. Rosenstein added a new detail: He said the president had originally asked him to reference Russia in his memo, the people familiar with the conversation said. Mr. Rosenstein did not elaborate on what Mr. Trump had wanted him to say.
“To Mr. McCabe, that seemed like possible evidence that Mr. Comey's firing was actually related to the F.B.I.'s investigation into the Trump campaign's ties to Russia, and that Mr. Rosenstein helped provide a cover story by writing about the Clinton investigation,” the Times reports. “One person who was briefed on Mr. Rosenstein's conversation with the president said Mr.
Trump had simply wanted Mr. Rosenstein to mention that he was not personally under investigation in the Russia inquiry. Mr. Rosenstein said it was unnecessary and did not include such a reference. Mr. Trump ultimately said it himself when announcing the firing.”
How should educators confront bigotry, racism and white supremacy? The incidents in Charlottesville, Va., this past weekend pushed that question from history to current events.
One teacher wondering aloud about his role is Derek Weimer. He taught James Alex Fields Jr., the man charged with murdering a woman and injuring multiple others by driving his car into a crowd of anti-racist marchers this weekend.
Weimer says he taught Fields in three classes at Cooper High School in Union, Ky. As NPR reported, he told member station WVXU reporter Bill Rinehart:
Weimer says Fields was intelligent and didn't cause trouble. But he says the quiet boy was also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy. Weimer says he did his best to steer Fields away from those interests and thought he had succeeded in doing so. On hearing about the incident in Charlottesville, Weimer said he felt that he failed as a teacher.
For 40 years, the nonprofit Facing History and Ourselves has been training teachers to confront racism and bigotry. By studying the moral decisions facing people at historical moments, from Reconstruction to Kristallnacht to the civil rights era, they hope "to empower students to work against bigotry and injustice or improper uses of power," says Roger Brooks, president and CEO. "We sum everything up by saying people make choices and choices make history."
Studies show that the curriculum produces academic, social and emotional gains in students. A time like this, says Brooks, is the ultimate teachable moment:
"There's a whole lot teachers can slow down and unpack with their students rather than get completely caught up in the emotion of the moment."
Indeed, just hours after the attack, teachers were sharing resources online, and we heard from more after reaching out in our newsletter. Here are some resources and ideas for the fast-approaching school year.
Just starting out
More than 80 percent of public school teachers are white, while half of all students are people of color. Some teachers may never have directly talked about race or racism, particularly with younger children. Brooks suggests they start by making an "identity chart". This is a way to find commonalities as well as celebrate differences.
Diverse books: Some teachers will introduce topics of racism, civil rights and diversity, especially to younger students, through books. Here is a curated list of 50 social justice books from the nonprofit Teaching for Change. Here is a second, broken down by grade level, by The National Network of State Teachers of the Year.
Teaching Tolerance has lesson plans for students as young as kindergarten that cover bias and social justice.
Historical background
The Graduate Student Coalition for Liberation at The University of Virginia in Charlottesville published a syllabus on Medium that includes primary and secondary historical resources on the local history of segregationism, as well as the urban renewal that displaced African-Americans in the city. There is also background on the dispute over the statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee that was the focal point of the rally this past weekend.
Facing History and Ourselves is an evidence-based social studies curriculum for middle and high school students that grounds discussions of racism and prejudice in students' own moral dilemmas.
American Federation for Teachers president, Randi Weingarten, shared some collections of lesson plans from AFT's Share My Lesson platform: on racial profiling and stereotyping, on civil rights and social justice, on bullying and helping children cope with traumatic events.
Ripped from the headlines
The Atlantic contributing writer Melinda Anderson created the hashtag #CharlottesvilleCurriculum on Twitter to serve as an ongoing list of resources to teach responsively to current events. Sources highlighted include the Equal Justice Initiative and the Citizenship and Social Justice Curriculum.
To help make sense of the news, the Critical Media Project of the University of Southern California offers lesson plans and resources for talking about media literacy as it relates to race, ethnicity and identity.
If you have more to add, we'd love to hear from you @npr_ed on Twitter.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- If you would like to see your little one on the air, submit your photo here.
The First Birthday segments sponsored by Dairy Queen will air on your child's first birthday weekends on the FOX 4 Morning Show from 6-8 a.m., Saturday and Sunday.
Photos must be submitted at least one week prior to the child's birthday.
One person will be randomly chosen to receive a Dairy Queen birthday cake for their child's 1st birthday!
Oregon Governor advises against large tuition increases
Oregon Governor Kate Brown sent a letter to the Oregon Higher Education Coordinating Commission last week, stating that the HECC should not approve any tuition increases over 5 percent for public colleges. This could affect the proposed 10.6 percent tuition increase that the University of Oregon Board of Trustees approved in March.
“We take very seriously Governor Brown's message to our commission to reject any university tuition increases above five percent, unless clear, student-focused criteria are met,” said Ben Cannon, the HECC Executive Director, in a written statement.
The HECC is a 14-member board in charge of higher education funding. In May, the board will be voting on UO's proposed tuition increase of $945 for all students.
“The University of Oregon has been clear since the beginning of the budget development process that the only way to keep tuition increases at five percent is for lawmakers to increase funding for public higher education in this state by $100 million,” university spokesman Tobin Klinger wrote in a statement.
Governor Brown's letter outlines the criteria that must be met for the HECC to approve an increase over 5 percent. For the tuition increase to pass, the commission must be provided with evidence that the university gave serious consideration to the budget increase, evidence that minority and low-income students will be supported, and a plan for how the university is going to manage costs.
“In arriving at our tuition levels for next year, the UO engaged the campus in an exhaustive and transparent process over a period of months that analyzed a wide variety of scenarios,” Klinger said. “Through that process, it was clear that a blend of cuts and tuition increases would be necessary to balance the budget following years of disinvestment by the state.”
Students in ASUO have been working to combat the tuition increase by trying to increase funding from the state, including a visit to the capital in March with President Schill and a campaign called WTF (Where The Funds) to try to encourage students to call their state representative about higher education funding.
Natalie Fisher, the External VP of ASUO who was a member of the Tuition and Fees Advisory board, is disheartened by Governor Brown's letter. Fisher is worried that if tuition increases are capped at five percent, there will be even more than the $9 million in cuts that UO is already facing with the 10 percent increase.
“For her to come out and say ‘Oh you made the wrong decision, keep it at five percent,' is frustrating because there is no feeling of understanding of where universities are at with their current funding situation,” Fisher said.
Comments
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
Two days before my first trip to Afghanistan, in 2007, I was terrified, speaking no Dari and having never interviewed anyone in a war zone. On impulse, I grabbed my little red travel accordion, mumbling something about using the "universal language of music" to connect with people whose world seemed wholly different from my own.
A week later, in Kabul, when I finally got up the courage to play, my interpreter (and later dear friend) Najib Sharifi turned to me in wonder: how did I know Afghan music? he asked. I demurred. These are just some old songs my mom used to sing. Najib responded by belting out strange Dari lyrics to familiar melodies. That launched my journey to understand the legend of "the Afghan Elvis," a journey that would end with me on stage in Mazar-i-Sharif squeezing out a rough rendition of Johnny Cash. (Long story.)
Later, though, I would understand a deeper lesson: while we rarely find "universal language," we can, if we're lucky, stumble on bridges between one national experience and another. In these rough translations across culture and geography, we get a new perspective on things we thought were all too familiar.
Rough Translation is a new international podcast from NPR.
Each episode, we go to a different country to drop in on a story or conversation that reflects back on something we're talking about in the United States. These are familiar conversations in unfamiliar territories: A Syrian refugee hires a flirt coach to decode the culture of romantic love in Berlin. A team of Ukrainian journalists tries to invent a "vaccine" against fake news from Russia. A baby is born and the adults around him must share tears through Google Translate.
NPR's international correspondents don't just report what's happening in a place, we try to translate what that news means locally. In Afghanistan, a tear shed by a president during a political speech may have seemed to me like an unremarkable moment of political theater, but send shock waves across the country. Meanwhile, the things I'm shocked by may leave locals underwhelmed. In Brazil, a national mandate to give more jobs to Black people has led to commissions of judges, who look at you and decide if your skin is dark enough — your hair curly enough — to qualify. And this is a system set up to make Brazil LESS racist! Spending time with Brazilians, though, I learned that this is shocking for an entirely different reason than I would have expected. (Click here to listen to that first episode out today.)
We know that people often frame their stories differently for curious foreigners than they do telling that same story to neighbors. Most of us at one point have probably been either the curious foreigner or the local storyteller. It's one of the wonderful and frustrating things about being a correspondent overseas. One day, you can be squeezed into someone's kitchen, hearing a traumatic tale that locals would shame her for but that she feels relieved and grateful to confide in you. Those are awesome moments shared with a stranger. But other times, your foreignness cuts the other way. You can hear the story being curated to what they think you want to hear. You watch your own assumptions clouding the picture. For good or ill, your outsiderness is part of the story. Usually, it's the part of the story that's hardest to tell.
But on Rough Translation, we're going to try. Because that's why we travel, right? It's about having that experience abroad that makes you see home in a different way, challenges your assumptions about the world, and leaves a bit of your old self behind. (Speaking of which, my little red accordion is still in Kabul. I hope to retrieve it one day.)
On Thursday's CoastLine, 13 Reasons Why has ignited a national conversation about teen suicide. The Netflix series has some parents worried about putting ideas in kids' heads; others say it's a dialog to welcome, not fear…
GUESTS:
DR. KATE NOONER , Ph.D., Associate Professor of Psychology, University of North Carolina Wilmington; Licensed Clinical Psychologist specializing in child and adolescent mental health trauma; practicing clinical psychologist at the Chrysalis Center for Counseling in Wilmington
, Ph.D., Associate Professor of Psychology, University of North Carolina Wilmington; Licensed Clinical Psychologist specializing in child and adolescent mental health trauma; practicing clinical psychologist at the Chrysalis Center for Counseling in Wilmington CRISTEN WILLIAMS, School-based Services Program Director, Coastal Horizons
Listen for CoastLine Wednesdays and Thursdays at noon. And find it on the WHQR app. Contact us at coastline@whqr.org.
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) – Students and staff at East Carolina University got a chance to hear from a controversial political commentator.
Tomi Lahren spoke at the school's student center on the importance of free speech.
It's been one month Lahren's appearance on “The View” that she credits caused her to lose her show on The Blaze.
On Monday she took the stage to show students the importance of standing up for free speech.
Lahren said, “For me this is about free speech. More than anything more than being a conservative and liberal and republican a democrat an independent more so than anything”
Lahren said college students need to know the good, the bad, and the ugly when it comes to free speech.
“In the real world there aren't safe spaces, in the real world there aren't trigger warnings so you're going to have to get used the things you don't like to hear and you're going to have to get used to being around people with different opinions and that is ok,” said Lahren.
The event didn't come without controversy as some protestors of Lahren said she doesn't represent the university's values.
Nykaysia King protested Monday and said, “I'm honestly just disappointed more than anything. I'm from Greenville and I love ECU and when I heard about it honestly hurt in a way. To me it was a spit in my face.”
Students who attended the event say they're not necessarily a fan of Lahren's but wanted to hear her out.
Hannah Potter is a freshman at ECU and attended the event.
Potter said, “I think it's important now-a-days to branch out with what you hear instead of just hearing one side. I pride myself in the fact that I can listen to conservatives and liberals and form my own opinion off that.”
Sidney Wadsworth also attended the event and said, “There are going to be a lot of people who come here and have a lot of different opinions and I think you should be open to hearing different opinions and hearing people talk about different things.”
Wadsworth says hosting Lahren is a good move for ECU.
“I think it shows that ECU accepts a diverse range of people and opinion,” said Lahren.
More than 700 students and staff attended the event.
Media was not allowed inside the venue during Lahren's speech.
A decision she claims was not hers but one made by ECU officials.
Larry Liebert, Bloomberg News national security editor, discuses crown prince Mohammed bin Salman's first trip to the United States since becoming de-facto leader of Saudi Arabia and enacting widespread societal change intended to modernize the country. He speaks with Bloomberg's Peter Barnes and Nathan Hager on Bloomberg Radio's "Politics, Policy, Power and Law."
This is a Bloomberg podcast. To download, watch or listen to this report now, click on the thumbnail/player on the sidebar.
American student released from North Korea prison arrives in US
An American student who fell into a coma while imprisoned in a North Korean labor camp returned to the United States late Tuesday after Pyongyang allowed him to be flown home, US media reported.
A military airplane carrying Otto Warmbier landed in his hometown of Cincinnati shortly before 10:20 pm (0220 GMT Wednesday), CBS News reported.
The release of Warmbier, 18 months into a 15-year sentence, came as US President Donald Trump invited South Korea's new leader Moon Jae-In to Washington for talks on the escalating standoff over the North's nuclear program.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said earlier in the day that his agency had “secured” the 22-year-old's release in talks with North Korea and is pushing for three more Americans to be freed. It was not immediately clear if he had made any concessions.
The news surfaced after the flamboyant retired NBA basketball star Dennis Rodman — a former contestant on Trump's “Celebrity Apprentice” reality show — flew to Pyongyang to resume his quixotic quest to broker detente between his US homeland and Kim Jong-Un's authoritarian regime.
But State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the visit “had nothing to do with the release”.
Warmbier's parents Fred and Cindy announced his release in a statement to CNN on Tuesday.
“Sadly, he is in a coma and we have been told he has been in that condition since March of 2016,” they said. “We learned of this only one week ago.”
On arriving in Cincinnatti's Lunken Airport, Warmbier was transferred to a waiting ambulance that rushed him to the University of Cincinnati Medical Center for urgent treatment, Fox News reported.
Political pawn
Warmbier's parents were told their son was given a sleeping pill soon after his trial in March last year and never woke.
US officials refused to comment on his condition, but former ambassador and New Mexico governor Bill Richardson said he had spoken with the family.
“Otto has been in a coma for over a year now and urgently needs proper medical care in the United States,” said Richardson, who has previously served as a special envoy to North Korea and still works on prisoner issues.
“We received a call from Cindy and Fred Warmbier early today to update us on Otto's condition. In no uncertain terms, North Korea must explain the causes of his coma.”
Tillerson told US senators at the start of a budget hearing that the State Department had no comment on Warmbier's condition “out of respect for him and his family.”
The United States had accused the North of using Warmbier as a political pawn, condemning the sentence as far out of proportion to his alleged crime.
The release came amid tension between Washington and Pyongyang following a series of missile tests by the North, focusing attention on an arms buildup that Pentagon chief Jim Mattis on Monday dubbed “a clear and present danger to all.”
Almost immediately on taking office in January, Trump and his team — having been briefed by the outgoing president Barack Obama — declared the North's attempts to build, test and arm a nuclear-capable ballistic missile as Washington's biggest threat.
Washington has stepped up pressure on China and other foreign powers to enforce existing UN sanctions, and has deployed increased military assets of its own in the region.
Tillerson indicated on Tuesday that Washington is looking for new ways to increase pressure on Pyongyang, telling senators that the White House is considering whether to impose “secondary sanctions” on third countries that do business with North Korea.
Parallel to that track, basketball showman Rodman arrived Tuesday in Pyongyang wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the logo of a cryptocurrency set up for marijuana marketers.
The star has visited the North at least four times before, most recently in 2014 when he attracted a deluge of criticism after being filmed singing happy birthday to his “friend for life,” leader Kim.
Before arriving this time, Rodman told reporters that Trump would be happy with the trip because he was “trying to accomplish something that we both need,” prompting speculation that he may be operating as an unofficial envoy.
US officials dismissed the rumors, saying he was traveling as a private citizen.
‘Worst mistake'
Warmbier, a student at the University of Virginia, was arrested for removing a political banner from a wall at a North Korean hotel.
He was detained at the airport as he was leaving the country with a tour group in January 2016.
At a news conference before his trial, a sobbing Warmbier said he had made “the worst mistake of my life” and pleaded to be released.
The North has occasionally jailed US citizens and released them only after visits by high-profile political figures, including former president Bill Clinton.
This post was syndicated from Nigeria News, Headlines and Opinions – The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The man believed to be connected to the disappearance of 9-year-old Diana Alvarez will be sentenced Monday afternoon on federal child porn charges.
Jorge Guerrero was convicted in May after a half-hour of jury deliberations.
The sentencing was scheduled for 10:30, but Guerrero's attorney asked for time to speak with him, so the hearing was rescheduled to 2:30.
During the investigation into Diana's disappearance, investigators discovered pornographic images on Guerrero's phone, including some images of the missing girl.
Diana went missing in May 2016. Guerrero has not been charged in her disappearance.
Diana's mother is expected to make a statement in court, and for the first time, her brother and sister will in the courtroom as well.
ABC7 will be in the courtroom. Count on us for updates.
Copyright 2017 WBBH/WZVN (Waterman Broadcasting). All rights reserved.
It, Lady Bird, Rick & Morty Season 3, and Thor: Ragnarok are just a few of the great titles heading to streaming in June. Photo illustration by Slate. Photo by Marvel, New Line, A24, Adult Swim.
Every month, tons of new movies and TV shows become available to stream for free for subscribers to Netflix Instant, Hulu, HBO Now, and Amazon Prime. With so many different streaming services, it can be hard to keep track of them all—especially if you belong to more than one service. Below, we present to you the ultimate streaming guide. We'll let you decide which service has the best new titles. (All titles arrive in June 1 unless otherwise specified.)
Netflix
Ushio and Noriko Shinohara in Cutie and the Boxer. Tribeca Film Festival
Good Watch
Cutie and the Boxer (June 14)
Tarzan (1999) (June 23)
He Named Me Malala
In Bruges (June 16)
Thor: Ragnarok (June 5)
Mohawk (June 30)
Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist
Outside In
The Departed
The King's Speech (June 2)
So-Bad-It's-Good Watch
The Covenant
Fight With Your Friends Over Whether or Not It's Good Watch
Star Wars: The Last Jedi (June 26)
Nostalgia Watch
Step Up 2: The Streets (June 15)
Family Watch
Disney's 101 Dalmatians
Hotel Transylvania Season 1 (June 25)
Miracle
National Treasure
The Prince & Me 4: The Elephant Adventure
Binge Watch
Grey's Anatomy Season 14 (June 16)
Portlandia Season 8 (June 10)
If You're Bored
Assassination Games
Blue Jasmine
Encerrados (June 18)
George Balanchine's The Nutcracker
Hyori's Bed & Breakfast Season 2 (June 7)
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus (June 15)
iZombie Season 4 (Date TBD)
Joseph Campbell and the Power of Myth
Just Friends
La Hora Final (June 15)
La Pena Maxima (June 29)
Life Sentence Season 1 (Date TBD)
Marlon Season 1 (June 14)
Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Season 5 (June 17)
Righteous Kill
Rumor Has It
Singularity
Supergirl Season 3 (Date TBD)
Taking Lives
Terms and Conditions May Apply
The Boy
The Night Shift Season 4 (June 7)
Wynonna Earp Season 2 (June 9)
Netflix Original Programming
Alex Strangelove (June 8)
Ali's Wedding (June 8)
Brain on Fire (June 22)
Busted! Season Finale
Churchill's Secret Agents: The New Recruits (June 29)
Club de Cuervos presenta: La balada de Hugo Sánchez (June 17)
Cooking on High (June 22)
Derren Brown: Miracle (June 22)
Fate/EXTRA Last Encore: Oblitus Copernican Theory (June 30)
GLOW Season 2 (June 29)
Hannah Gadsby: Nanette (June 19)
Harvey Street Kids (June 29)
Heavy Rescue:401 Season 2 (June 22)
Kiss Me First (June 29)
La Forêt (June 29)
Lust Stories (June 15)
Maktub (June 15)
Marcella Season 2 (June 8)
Marvel's Luke Cage Season 2 (June 22)
Nailed It! Season 2 (June 29)
November 13: Attack on Paris
Paquita Salas Season 2 (June 29)
Queer Eye Season Two (June 15)
Recovery Boys (June 29)
Secret City (June 26)
Sense8: The Series Finale (June 8)
Set It Up (June 15)
Sunday's Illness (June 15)
TAU (June 29)
The Break with Michelle Wolf (June 3)
The Hollow (June 8)
The Ranch Part 5 (June 15)
The Staircase (June 8)
To Each, Her Own (Les Goûts et les couleurs) (June 24)
Treehouse Detectives (June 8)
True: Magical Friends (June 15)
True: Wonderful Wishes (June 15)
Us and Them (June 22)
Voltron: Legendary Defender Season 6 (June 15)
W. Kamau Bell: Private School Negro (June 26)
HBO
Ryan Gosling as K in Blade Runner 2049. Alcon Entertainment
Must Watch
Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
The Devil Wears Prada
Good Watch
American Made (June 9)
Blade Runner 2049 (June 2)
The Company
Dolores Claiborne
It (June 30)
The Full Monty
The Postman Always Rings Twice (1981)
Nostalgia Watch
Napoleon Dynamite
Mr. Mom
Family Watch
Peter Pan
If You're Bored
A Cure for Wellness
A Perfect World
Blood Work
Chips (June 14)
Duplicity
Fletch
Fletch Lives
Identity
Jersey Boys
Kingsman: The Golden Circle (June 23)
Sylvia
The Door in the Floor
The Mountain Between Us (June 16)
X2
HBO Original Programming
Believer (June 25)
Entre Nos Part 4 (June 22)
HBO First Look: Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom (June 11)
It Will Be Chaos (June 18)
Season Premieres
Succession series premiere (June 3)
Season Finales
El Negocio Season 4 finale (June 3)
Destino: Rusia 2018 Season 1 finale (June 13)
Westworld Season 2 finale (June 24)
Wyatt Cenac's Problem Areas Season 1 finale (June 15)
Estrenos
El Fútbol o yo (aka My Love or My Passion)
Bebe
El hombre que cuida (aka The Watchman) (June 8)
Mi mundial (aka Home Team) (June 15)
Amazon
Meghan Markle and Patrick J. Adams in Suits. USA
Must Watch
The Age of Innocence
Lady Bird (June 3)
Good Watch
Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans
Braven (June 9)
Breakdown
Escape from Alcatraz
Panic
Saturday Night Fever
Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street
The Disaster Artist
The Natural
Nostalgia Watch
Space Jam
Nostalgia (June 16)
Family Watch
Max 2: White House Hero (June 3)
Mouse Hunt
The Ant Bully
The Care Bears Movie
“Fuck You, Lucky Charms” Watch
Leprechaun
Leprechaun 2
Leprechaun 3
Leprechaun 4: In Space
Leprechaun 5: In the Hood
Leprechaun 6: Back 2 Tha Hood
Leprechaun: Origins
Duchess of Sussex Watch
Suits Season 7
If You're Bored
1492: Conquest of Paradise
2 Days in the Valley
Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold
As Good As Dead
August Rush
Babylon 5 Seasons 1–5
Beer for My Horses
Beowulf (2007)
Black Widow (aka: Before It Had a Name)
Blitz
Blood and Glory
Blue Like Jazz
Burnt Offerings
Cavedweller
Chinese Box
Command Performance
Danger Zone
Day of the Dead
Doctor Zhivago (2002)
Dog Watch
Double Identity
Double Jeopardy
Dreams and Memories: Where the Red Fern Grows
Drop Zone
Event Horizon
Flickers
Forces of Nature
Flood
Hans Christian Andersen: My Life as a Fairytale
Hard Rain
Harley-Davidson and the Marlboro Man
House of D
I Am David
Lions for Lambs (June 5)
Mutant Species
Nacho Libre
Nurse 3D
Precious (2018) (June 9)
Rare Birds
Rescue Me Seasons 1–9
Religulous
Revenge of the Pink Panther
Ring of Fire
Serving Sara
Shutter Island (June 26)
Simon Says (June 9)
Stanley & Iris
Stargate (June 3)
Survivor
Tamara
Tears of the Sun
The 4th Floor
The Ashram
The 'Burbs
The Clown at Midnight
The Eye 2
The Frozen Ground
The Iceman
The Ladies Man
The Pink Panther Strikes Again
The Running Man
The Waltons Seasons 1–9
The Young Karl Marx
Tilt
Transformers: The Last Knight (June 16)
Universal Soldier
Vampire in Brooklyn
War, Inc.
Amazon Original Programming
All or Nothing: New Zealand All Blacks Season 1
Goliath Season 2 (June 15)
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie Season 1B (June 26)
Lost in Oz Season 1B (June 8)
Wonder Wheel
Hulu
Ellen Page and Ian Daniel speak with Michael Moore in Gaycation. VICE Media
Must Watch
Apollo 13
Brokeback Mountain
My Left Foot
Punch Drunk Love
Good Watch
A Beautiful Mind
Across the Universe
Baby Mama (June 16)
Ballet 422 (June 25)
Bowfinger
Escape from Alcatraz
Hellboy
Killing for Love (June 16)
Panic
Shutter Island (June 26)
Smoke (June 15)
Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street
The History Boys
The Second Mother (June 15)
Trainspotting
Binge Watch
Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency Season 2 (June 14)
Gaycation Seasons 1–2 (June 8)
Rick & Morty Season 3 (June 23)
Family Watch
Curious George 3: Back to the Jungle (June 23)
Max 2: White House Hero (June 3)
Nanny McPhee
Swan Princess 8 (June 27)
Second Breakfast Watch
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King
“Fuck You, Lucky Charms” Watch
Leprechaun
Leprechaun 2
Leprechaun 3
Leprechaun 4: In Space
Leprechaun 5: In the Hood
Leprechaun 6: Back 2 Tha Hood
Leprechaun: Origins
If You're Bored
10 x 10 (June 29)
1492: Conquest of Paradise
2 Days in the Valley
24 Hours to Hell & Back Series Premiere (June 14)
35 and Ticking (June 15)
Abandoned Season 1 (June 8)
Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold
Allure (June 7)
Bad Blood (June 13)
Beer for My Horses
Bio-Dome
Black Market Season 1 (June 8)
Black Market Dispatches Season 1 (June 8)
Blue Like Jazz
Bong Appetit Seasons 1–2 (June 8)
Boots on the Ground
Breakup at a Wedding (June 15)
Burnt Offerings
Cabin Fever 3: Patient Zero (June 15)
Chinese Box
Cloak & Dagger Series Premiere (June 8)
Cyberwar Seasons 1–2 (June 8)
Disney Fairy Tale Wedding Series Premiere (June 12)
Drive Me Crazy
Drop Zone
East Is East
End of Days
EuroTrump (June 30)
Event Horizon
Flophouse Season 1 (June 8)
Fuck That's Delicious Seasons 1–2 (June 8)
Gintama (June 6)
Hamilton's Pharmacopeia Seasons 1–2 (June 8)
Hard Rain
Harley-Davidson and the Marlboro Man
Hate Thy Neighbor Season 1 (June 8)
Hellbound: Hellraiser II (June 15)
House of D
Huang's World Seasons 1–2 (June 8)
Huntsville (June 15)
I Am David
In Too Deep (June 15)
Inside
Into the West
Lions for Lambs (June 5)
Low Down (June 15)
Marlon Season 2 Premiere (June 15)
Middle of Nowhere (June 15)
Mindhunters
Mutant Species
My Hero Academia Season 2, Part 2 (Dubbed) (June 5)
Nashville Season 6 Midseason Premiere (June 8)
Nina (June 15)
Nurse 3D
Out of the Dark (June 6)
Party Legends Seasons 1–2 (June 8)
Playin' for Love (June 15)
Precious (2008) (June 9)
Punisher: War Zone (June 17)
Rare Birds
Religulous
Restoration
Revenge of the Pink Panther
Scary Movie 2
Shades of Blue Season 3 Premiere (June 18)
Simon Says (June 9)
Silent Witness Seasons 10–21 (June 16)
Sirens (1993) (June 15)
So This Is Christmas (June 15)
So You Think You Can Dance Season 15
Spawn
Stanley & Iris
Stargate (June 3)
Tamara
Tell Them Anything You Want: A Portrait of Maurice Sendak (June 15)
The Bold Type Season 2 Pre-Premiere (June 5)
The Brothers Grimm
The 'Burbs
The Clintons: An American Odyssey (June 15)
The Eye
The Four Season 2 Premiere (June 8)
The Frozen Ground
The House October Built (June 15)
The House October Built 2 (June 15)
The Other Guy Season 1 (June 22)
The Pink Panther Strikes Again
The Quick and the Dead
The Running Man
The Thousand Faces of Dunja (June 27)
Transformers: The Last Knight (June 16)
Universal Soldier
We Blew It
Weediquette Seasons 1–3 (June 8)
What Would Diplo Do? Season 1 (June 8)
Where the Skin Lies
Windwalker
Woman Season 1 (June 8)
