Be Strong Nutrition, located at 1803 S. Morgan Rd. in Oklahoma City, strives to provide overall wellness to the Mustang community by offering a variety of palate pleasing protein shakes, energy teas, pre- and post-workout drinks, and other nutritional supplements.
Dawn Richardson, owner and wellness coach, also provides fit camps for both adults and kids, free wellness evaluations, nutritional counseling, and accountability to help you reach your health goals. Whether you need to lose weight, are looking to build muscle mass, or just looking to maintain good health and proper nutrition, Be Strong
Nutrition is the place to be. Designed to be a family friendly environment, Be Strong Nutrition is a place where people from all ages and ability levels are always welcome. Be sure to stop in, say hello, grab a healthy meal, and make a friend.
Savage Magnum 112 View First Unread Display Modes 1 01-01-2017, 09:47 PM toddc Gold Member Join Date: Jul 2005 Location: sw ks Posts: 941 Savage Magnum 112
I bought a new gun. As in I expected to actually shoot it without completely building it first. I buy cheap Savages in pawnshops and then screw on real barrels, put them in a real stock and spend about 20 hrs getting them how I like. I haven't bought and shot a STOCK rig in 20+ yrs. Haven't shot a stock barrel in 20+ yrs. Well now I have!
I also bought a 338 Lapua. I have run 338-378, 338-416, 340 Weatherby and lately the Edge. Never thought I would buy a Lapua due to the FANBOY issue AND brass cost. Well guess what? BRASS for any RUM based rig is now more $$$ per shot and WAAAAAAY harder to find than Lapua brass. Oh and RP brass, Nosler and even Norma SUCKS compared to Lapua.
It was hard for me to buy this rig. What can I do to improve it? IDK. Probably nothing except another barrel when I burn this one to cinders. I will tear it down and bed it, see if the action, bolt, lugs or nut needs work but I'm pretty sure from looking at the surfaces that they wont. Someone built this thing really well.
The trigger is within a very small step of a Jewell, yeah I know BLASPHEMY. Of course I can buy another one of these for the price of 3 installed Jewells so there is that.
Bought 100 pieces of brass (weighed 20 and got tired of looking at the same number on the scale). More fun to sort RP brass into 13 different lots.
Loaded H1000 from 88 to 92 in .5gr increments into virgin brass (No prep, have you seen this stuff lol). Pretty close to my Edge loads.
92gr ran 2820 with zero pressure at 50 degrees.
All 50 shots went into 1.25" while I was learning the gun and the 6 oz trigger. It's a tad harder to shoot than my usual 40lb 338 so I'm OK with that with a 4gr powder spread, no break in and 20 mph wind.
Gun is very well put together for a $1000 rig.
I would say this is the most LRH effective rig ever produced for this kind of money. I have been hesitant of the Lapua on a Savage platform and yet now I wish I had done this 2 Edges ago. I couldn't build this much gun for $1k with a $500 head start.
If you have thought of wanting a 338 and shied away due to cost, this is your rig. I won't spend $3k on a gun. I used to drag race and rich guys would write big checks for fast cars and then have to pay someone to drive them. It isn't what you spend, it's what you can do with it that matters.
Of all of the guns on the market, in all of the many different niches out there, I really believe this rig is the most bang for the buck that I have EVER seen.
If you have been dreaming of running 300gr pills past 2750 but haven't robbed a bank lately, go buy one of these and go have some fun and kill some stuff. Make 2017 the YEAR OF THE LAPUA and never look back!
Happy New years and hope everyone had as great of a 1st day as I did. I haven't been impressed by a stock rig in over 30 yrs and never thought I would be, just glad I was the one who bought one and not the guy at the next bench over. Well I did 2 things never thought I would do the last day of 2016.I bought a new gun. As in I expected to actually shoot it without completely building it first. I buy cheap Savages in pawnshops and then screw on real barrels, put them in a real stock and spend about 20 hrs getting them how I like. I haven't bought and shot a STOCK rig in 20+ yrs. Haven't shot a stock barrel in 20+ yrs. Well now I have!I also bought a 338 Lapua. I have run 338-378, 338-416, 340 Weatherby and lately the Edge. Never thought I would buy a Lapua due to the FANBOY issue AND brass cost. Well guess what? BRASS for any RUM based rig is now more $$$ per shot and WAAAAAAY harder to find than Lapua brass. Oh and RP brass, Nosler and even Norma SUCKS compared to Lapua.It was hard for me to buy this rig. What can I do to improve it? IDK. Probably nothing except another barrel when I burn this one to cinders. I will tear it down and bed it, see if the action, bolt, lugs or nut needs work but I'm pretty sure from looking at the surfaces that they wont. Someone built this thing really well.The trigger is within a very small step of a Jewell, yeah I know BLASPHEMY. Of course I can buy another one of these for the price of 3 installed Jewells so there is that.Bought 100 pieces of brass (weighed 20 and got tired of looking at the same number on the scale). More fun to sort RP brass into 13 different lots.Loaded H1000 from 88 to 92 in .5gr increments into virgin brass (No prep, have you seen this stuff lol). Pretty close to my Edge loads.92gr ran 2820 with zero pressure at 50 degrees.All 50 shots went into 1.25" while I was learning the gun and the 6 oz trigger. It's a tad harder to shoot than my usual 40lb 338 so I'm OK with that with a 4gr powder spread, no break in and 20 mph wind.Gun is very well put together for a $1000 rig.I would say this is the most LRH effective rig ever produced for this kind of money. I have been hesitant of the Lapua on a Savage platform and yet now I wish I had done this 2 Edges ago. I couldn't build this much gun for $1k with a $500 head start.If you have thought of wanting a 338 and shied away due to cost, this is your rig. I won't spend $3k on a gun. I used to drag race and rich guys would write big checks for fast cars and then have to pay someone to drive them. It isn't what you spend, it's what you can do with it that matters.Of all of the guns on the market, in all of the many different niches out there, I really believe this rig is the most bang for the buck that I have EVER seen.If you have been dreaming of running 300gr pills past 2750 but haven't robbed a bank lately, go buy one of these and go have some fun and kill some stuff. Make 2017 the YEAR OF THE LAPUA and never look back!Happy New years and hope everyone had as great of a 1st day as I did. I haven't been impressed by a stock rig in over 30 yrs and never thought I would be, just glad I was the one who bought one and not the guy at the next bench over. __________________
Remember the advice you are giving that you got off of the internet and don't REALLY KNOW works might cause a miss or a wounded animal or a dead hunter. Please for the sports sake be 100% sure when you post something.
Per the NRA "long range STARTS at 600". 2 01-01-2017, 10:06 PM gohring3006 Platinum Member Join Date: Mar 2014 Location: Ohio Posts: 2,243 Re: Savage Magnum 112 I picked one up as well.
I did a barrel "break in" just because...
Waiting on the bedding to cure as I type this..
300 grain Berger and H1000 is where I'm at..
"Those who hammer their guns into plows will plow for those who do not" Thomas Jefferson.
An armed man is a citizen. An unarmed man is a subject.
Guns have only two enemies, rust and politicians
Know Guns,know peace,know safety.no guns,no peace,no safety...
The second amendment is in place incase the politicians ignore the others
Free men do not ask permission to bear arms.
For those who trade liberty for security have neither Benjamin Franklin... __________________"Those who hammer their guns into plows will plow for those who do not" Thomas Jefferson.An armed man is a citizen. An unarmed man is a subject.Guns have only two enemies, rust and politiciansKnow Guns,know peace,know safety.no guns,no peace,no safety...The second amendment is in place incase the politicians ignore the othersFree men do not ask permission to bear arms.For those who trade liberty for security have neither Benjamin Franklin... 3 01-01-2017, 10:21 PM toddc Gold Member Join Date: Jul 2005 Location: sw ks Posts: 941 Re: Savage Magnum 112 Quote: gohring3006 Originally Posted by I picked one up as well.
I did a barrel "break in" just because...
Waiting on the bedding to cure as I type this..
300 grain Berger and H1000 is where I'm at.. All of the machine work on these looks like a totally different ball of wax than an average Savage. I have torn apart 100s of Savages and this thing came from a different line for darn sure. Can't wait for tomorrow I'm going to tear it to pieces and check all mating surfaces etc and bed it. I knew the action would be nice as I have built on the 3 screw action before but they appear to have spent a lot of time on these things. Heck of a rig for me. Probably fixing to build a 7mm on another and maybe a 30. A 375 can't be far behind and then I can burn 4 barrels to cinders while I work on those. __________________
Remember the advice you are giving that you got off of the internet and don't REALLY KNOW works might cause a miss or a wounded animal or a dead hunter. Please for the sports sake be 100% sure when you post something.
Per the NRA "long range STARTS at 600". 4 01-01-2017, 10:24 PM gohring3006 Platinum Member Join Date: Mar 2014 Location: Ohio Posts: 2,243 Re: Savage Magnum 112 Quote: toddc Originally Posted by All of the machine work on these looks like a totally different ball of wax than an average Savage. I have torn apart 100s of Savages and this thing came from a different line for darn sure. Can't wait for tomorrow I'm going to tear it to pieces and check all mating surfaces etc and bed it. I knew the action would be nice as I have built on the 3 screw action before but they appear to have spent a lot of time on these things. Heck of a rig for me. Probably fixing to build a 7mm on another and maybe a 30. A 375 can't be far behind and then I can burn 4 barrels to cinders while I work on those. I agree, this thing gives me a Lapua boltface to really get crazy when it's time to rebarrel.
"Those who hammer their guns into plows will plow for those who do not" Thomas Jefferson.
An armed man is a citizen. An unarmed man is a subject.
Guns have only two enemies, rust and politicians
Know Guns,know peace,know safety.no guns,no peace,no safety...
The second amendment is in place incase the politicians ignore the others
Free men do not ask permission to bear arms.
For those who trade liberty for security have neither Benjamin Franklin... __________________"Those who hammer their guns into plows will plow for those who do not" Thomas Jefferson.An armed man is a citizen. An unarmed man is a subject.Guns have only two enemies, rust and politiciansKnow Guns,know peace,know safety.no guns,no peace,no safety...The second amendment is in place incase the politicians ignore the othersFree men do not ask permission to bear arms.For those who trade liberty for security have neither Benjamin Franklin... 5 01-01-2017, 10:42 PM toddc Gold Member Join Date: Jul 2005 Location: sw ks Posts: 941 Re: Savage Magnum 112 Quote: gohring3006 Originally Posted by I agree, this thing gives me a Lapua boltface to really get crazy when it's time to rebarrel.
I would like to see more meat around the case head but honestly if you have a failure there (Lapua web failure?) it's either gonna cut thru it or not even if it was a little beefier.
Yeah us poor folk can build some nasty stuff for cheap off of this thing. Like maybe even 150gr+ H2O capacity if your life insurance is up to the task.
I'm not advocating any Cheytac level insanity here but definitely makes me wonder just how far a man could push his luck. I'm gonna be on the web tonight seeing what the longest case I can find is and looking at some numbers. Of course I was always the idiot building fast Fords back in the day so we will see.
I will probably sober up and call it good just running a Lapua on the lowly Savage action......but ya never know do ya? I never thought I would actually have my head near a Lapua sized rim in a Savage action when it went off so I might surprise myself. Until I really looked at one closely LAPUA+SAVAGE=SCARED.I would like to see more meat around the case head but honestly if you have a failure there (Lapua web failure?) it's either gonna cut thru it or not even if it was a little beefier.Yeah us poor folk can build some nasty stuff for cheap off of this thing. Like maybe even 150gr+ H2O capacity if your life insurance is up to the task.I'm not advocating any Cheytac level insanity here but definitely makes me wonder just how far a man could push his luck. I'm gonna be on the web tonight seeing what the longest case I can find is and looking at some numbers. Of course I was always the idiot building fast Fords back in the day so we will see.I will probably sober up and call it good just running a Lapua on the lowly Savage action......but ya never know do ya? I never thought I would actually have my head near a Lapua sized rim in a Savage action when it went off so I might surprise myself. __________________
Remember the advice you are giving that you got off of the internet and don't REALLY KNOW works might cause a miss or a wounded animal or a dead hunter. Please for the sports sake be 100% sure when you post something.
Per the NRA "long range STARTS at 600".
Bookmarks Digg
Digg del.icio.us
del.icio.us StumbleUpon
StumbleUpon Google
« New Long Range Build | Introducing the 338 Texan » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode
Sports News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Graphic.com.gh
2017-10-06
Richard Kissi Boateng
Former African champions, TP Mazembe, have fulfilled FIFA's order to pay entitlement owed to Liberty Professionals and Saint Stars for the transfer of Richard Kissi Boateng from Berekum Chelsea in 2013.
The Central Africa side failed to honour their obligation of $9638.60 and $3479.50 respectively to the two former clubs of the player until FIFA's intervention forced them to comply with the directives.
This was after four years of legal battle and would subsequently prevent the Federation of Congolese Football Association (FECOFA) from deducting six points from Mazembe's accumulated points in the league.
Ashford Tettey-Oku confirmed to the Daily Graphic that his outfit, Offside Consult, which represented the club during the legal tussle, had received a proof of payment through an email from Mazembe's General Manager, Freddy Kitengie.
“I received a proof of payment from the club but I asked them to contact FIFA for approval so they can ask DR Congo to refrain from deducting the six points,” he said.
FIFA's order to FECOFA came about as a result of Mazembe's refusal to pay Liberty and Saint Stars a long-standing solidarity entitlement after Offside Consult secured an enforcement requesting the DR Congo football federation to act as said.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. — There's no secret to the Buffalo Bills being in the market for a quarterback.
Even their players will attest to addressing that position being a priority in the days leading up to the NFL draft.
“This is a quarterback-driven league,” veteran defensive end Lorenzo Alexander said. “And whether that quarterback is on our roster or it's somebody that we decide we want to move up and get, that's something that you always as an organization want to build around.”
Buffalo has no one closely resembling a franchise quarterback after trading Tyrod Taylor to Cleveland last month. Taylor, who went 23-21 over three seasons in Buffalo, wasn't part of the Bills' long-term plans despite helping them to a 9-7 finish and ending a 17-season playoff drought — the longest active streak in North America's four major professional sports.
His departure leaves Buffalo with two quarterbacks with a combined six career starts (including playoffs): free-agent addition AJ McCarron and Nathan Peterman, best remembered for throwing five interceptions in the first half of a blowout loss to the Chargers in his rookie season.
What the Bills do have been assets in terms of draft picks — nine overall, including two in each of the first three rounds — to land one of the highly regarded prospects available by either staying put at Nos. 12 and 22, or packaging them in a trade to move up in the order.
Buffalo already jumped up nine spots by swapping first-round picks in a trade that sent starting left tackle Cordy Glenn to Cincinnati last month.
Brandon Beane so carefully guards his intentions the Bills general manager jokes he won't even tell his wife.
“It doesn't leave the building,” said Beane, who will oversee his first draft in Buffalo after replacing Doug Whaley in May.
Acknowledging having met with each of the six top-rated quarterback prospects, Beane will go as far as saying: “One of our main jobs as a GM is to find a franchise quarterback.”
And yet, he would still deem this draft a success without selecting one.
“There are a lot of good players in the draft. And that was the big thing moving from 21 to 12,” Beane said.
“The natural assumption, I get it, is we're moving up to get a quarterback, yada, yada, yada. No, we improved our draft position,” he added. “We're excited about where that moves us on our draft board, and the players that we see would be available there.”
OTHER NEEDS
The offensive line has sprung holes after centre Eric Wood was diagnosed with a career-ending neck injury in January, and left guard Richie Incognito abruptly decided to retire two weeks ago. Buffalo lacks an established receiver beyond Kelvin Benjamin, and has yet to identify a starting middle linebacker after losing Preston Brown in free agency.
NO SLEEP
Beane appreciates the enormity of overseeing his first draft after previously serving as Carolina Panthers assistant GM.
“Thanks, I won't be sleeping for the next 10 days,” he said, upon being informed this might be Buffalo's most significant draft since eventual Hall of Fame quarterback Jim Kelly was selected 14th in 1983.
“But again, I think I'll lose sleep every year going into the draft because you're always going to have holes.”
FIRST-ROUND QBS
The Bills have used a first-round pick on a quarterback just three times, and only once with their first selection: E.J. Manuel, 16th overall in 2013. Kelly was selected two picks after Buffalo drafted tight end Tony Hunter. J.P. Losman was selected 22nd with Buffalo's second of two first-round picks in 2004.
This doesn't include Penn State QB Richie Lucas, the first player Buffalo ever selected, and taken in the American Football League's territorial draft in 1960.
OVERHAUL
The roster shakeup has been so extensive, Buffalo has nine players left who were on the team in 2015 (not including Wood, who is still on the active roster for now), and only three drafted by the Bills: DT Kyle Williams (fifth round, 2006), OL John Miller (third round, 2015) and TE Nick O'Leary (sixth round, 2015).
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
Hit on LT Dion Dawkins with 63rd pick last year. Dawkins started 11 games in place of the injured Glenn, and allowed the Bills to trade Glenn. … No one left from 2011 to 2014 draft classes, including first-round picks DT Marcell Dareus (traded to Jacksonville) and WR Sammy Watkins (traded to Rams). … Kyle Williams remains a bargain. He is the team's unquestioned leader and started 162 games entering 13th season.
——
More AP NFL: https://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–NFL
Last Saturday morning, a suicidal man was threatening to jump off a bridge in Manchester, England, which led to a traffic jam that inconvenienced many people, one of whom was Drake. A Manchester Evening News report claims that the Grammy Award-losing artist's tour bus was caught in the resulting pile-up, so one of the passengers sprang into action.
“One officer was approached by a male from a tour van caught up in the traffic congestion, claiming to be part of Drake's entourage,” Phil Spurgeon, of the City Centre Intergrated Neighbourhood Policing Team, said to the outlet. “He offered for Drake to speak to the male on the bridge, if that would help.”
This was a man who was distraught enough to end his life, and so he probably didn't really care about Drake: “The offer was declined with thanks.”
The man was eventually talked out of jumping, and an unheroic Drake continued his Boy Meets World tour through England.
The Kansas state official who was name-checked by President Trump's senior policy adviser as having proof of voter fraud in New Hampshire sparred with CNN host Kate Bolduan on Monday during a segment in which she demanded to see the evidence.
Kris Kobach, the Kansas secretary of state, was cited by Trump aide Stephen Miller on ABC's “This Week” Sunday when George Stephanopoulos asked Miller for proof that thousands of Massachusetts residents were bused to New Hampshire to illegally cast votes in November.
“Many, many highly qualified people, like Kris Kobach, the Kansas secretary of state, have looked deeply into this issue and have confirmed it to be true and have put together evidence,” Miller told Stephanopoulos. “And I suggest you invite Kris Kobach onto your show and he can walk you through some of the evidence of voter fraud in greater detail.”
Kobach told Bolduan that New Hampshire has joined an investigation into claims of voter fraud enlisting 30 states, headed by Kansas, and that he would be able to provide evidence at the end of the month.
“Stephen Miller said thousands and thousands did vote illegally, definitively saying that this actually happened,” Bolduan said. “You are saying that there is going to be more data coming at the end of the month. Do you have the evidence?”
Illegal votes in NH? WH says KS Sec of State has the evidence. Had him on show. Told me just started investigating. https://t.co/MSGQnuuHWK — Kate Bolduan (@KateBolduan) February 13, 2017
Kobach failed to offer definitive proof of the White House claims.
He said that he was told by New Hampshire election officials that more than 6,000 people with out-of-state driver's licenses had registered to vote in the Granite State, including “just under” 3,000 from Massachusetts.
“Now some of those are going to be legit,” Kobach admitted. “But many of those will be out-of-state residents that voted in the state.” Kobach did not offer any evidence for that assertion.
“It seems people realize that they are actually registered in two states, and some people, a small minority, but some people are tempted to go ahead and cast ballots in both states,” he said. “It's a bipartisan problem.”
This image shows proof of @CNN bias. They run text below my picture claiming my statements are false. So much for letting the viewer decide. pic.twitter.com/vXslvF7oKk — Kris W. Kobach (@KrisKobach1787) February 13, 2017
After the interview, Kobach tweeted a screengrab of his appearance on CNN, objecting to the cable network's chyron that called claims of voter fraud “false.”
“This image shows proof of @CNN bias,” Kobach wrote. “They run text below my picture claiming my statements are false. So much for letting the viewer decide.”
Former New Hampshire Attorney General Tom Rath called the claims of voter fraud both “baseless” and “shameful.”
“Let me as be unequivocal as possible,” Rath tweeted Sunday. “Allegations of voter fraud in NH are baseless, without any merit.”
He added: “It's shameful to spread these fantasies.”
More from Yahoo News:
Police have appealed for help to track down a young man who went missing earlier today.
Officers in Peterlee have issued a photo of Declan Freeman as they try to track him down.
They say they are concerned for his welfare.
Declan, who lives in Peterlee, was last seen at around 11.30am in the Beverley Way area of the town.
The 18-year-old is around 5ft 5in in height was wearing black clothing.
Anyone who has seen him is asked to call Durham Constabulary on 101.
One dead, 3 injured in Lagos-Ibadan Expressway auto crash
By Bose Adelaja
One person was feared dead, while two others sustained injuries, yesterday, in an early morning accident along Lagos-Ibadan Expressway.
The accident reportedly occurred at about 5.30am around Mountain Top University inward Lagos, between an unmarked Mercedes Truck and a yellow Howo Snot truck with number plates LAGOS FKJ 717 XF.
Vanguard gathered that the driver of the Mercedes truck and his two motor boys were travelling inward Lagos when their vehicle broke down unexpectedly and the occupants quickly alighted to attend to the situation.
In the process, the driver was said to have laid underneath the truck to carry out repair works, while the motor boys stood beside the truck to complement his effort.
That was when the Howo Snot driver rammed into them, killing the driver on the spot, while the motor boys were said to have been seriously injured.
The truck driver escaped unhurt, while the accident disrupted free flow of traffic along the expressway as many motorists took to driving against traffic.
Emergency operation was jointly carried by men of Federal Road Safety Corps, FRSC; Nigeria Police Force and Ogun State Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps TRACE.
The body of the driver was deposited at Ogun State University Teaching Hospital morgue and the injured taken a hospital for medical attention.
The post One dead, 3 injured in Lagos-Ibadan Expressway auto crash appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DALLAS — A man who spent 15 years in prison for the 2001 killing of a teenager was freed on Wednesday after a judge agreed with prosecutors that he didn't commit the crime.
Dallas County District Attorney Faith Johnson said Quintin Lee Alonzo, 38, was freed after the judge agreed with a petition from prosecutors declaring him innocent in the 2001 death of Santos Gauna, who was killed when a fight broke out at a party celebrating his high school graduation and decision to join the Marines.
Although Alonzo was freed because prosecutors and the judge believe he's innocent, due largely to the confession of a condemned man the day before that man's execution, Alonzo would still need the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals to formally exonerate him to be eligible for state compensation for being falsely imprisoned. That ruling could take months.
Officials say an “exhaustive investigation” corroborated the 2015 confession that Licho Escamilla gave to investigators from the district attorney's office's conviction integrity unit right before Escamilla was put to death for the killing of an off-duty Dallas police officer.
“He was facing execution the next day,” said Cynthia Garza, who heads the unit. “We believe he was doing this to make peace with God and make things right for him.”
Escamilla was a suspect in Guana's killing. But a person identified Alonzo as the shooter from a photo lineup, and Johnson said the jury at his 2003 trial relied heavily on that identification to convict him.
Alonzo was sentenced to life in prison.
Escamilla, meanwhile, was convicted in 2002 in the death of officer Christopher Kevin James, who was among four uniformed Dallas officers working off-duty security at a club when a brawl broke out and James was shot multiple times by Escamilla.
Prosecutors say that before Escamilla was convicted in James' killing, he confessed to killing Gauna and that he also confessed later to his appellate attorneys. Johnson acknowledged that rumours circulated after the teen's death that Escamilla was responsible, but she said Alonzo's attorney argued this point at Alonzo's trial and jurors didn't buy it.
ELLIOT LAKE, Ont. — Provincial police say three people are facing charges after an argument over a dog that got off its leash in a park ended with three women being assaulted.
It's alleged the women were walking their dog in an Elliot Lake, Ont., park late Monday afternoon when it got off its leash.
Investigators say this upset another group of people in the park, each group taking pictures of the other group's actions — and a verbal altercation ensued.
Police say the altercation ended when the women were allegedly assaulted by three people in the other group.
A second wave of the flu is hitting Texoma. Several people are starting to get infected with a different strain, Influenza-B.
United Regional officials reported there were 277 reported cases of the flu, 268 of them were infected with Influenza-A and just nine of them had Influenza-B.
Last month, they reported more than double of those cases.
There were 580 confirmed cases of the flu, 320 cases of Influenza-A and more than a 200 percent increase of Influenza-B cases, 250.
"I've had a patient that I treated for Flu-A and they came back and I've treated them for Flu-B," Care Plus nurse practitioner Brandi Perkins said.
She said a side effect of Influenza-B is a more severe fever.
"We've had people even test positive for both Flu-A and Flu-B," Perkins said. "People have had both at the same time."
She said those patients are treated the same.
"If their symptoms have been within 48 hours which is twice a day for five days and if it's longer than that we treat them symptomatically," Perkins said.
She advised the best thing you can do is wash your hands.
CommunityMed Urgent Care Kristina Halberg said the vaccine for Influenza-B is more effective than the vaccine for the other strain.
"We are seeing some decrease in getting the flu in getting the flu shot, especially with Influenza-B a certain percentage of people," Halberg said. "The Influenza-A was less effective with 10 percent per the CDC."
Halberg and Perkins said getting the vaccine also has other benefits.
"We've noticed that people who have gotten the vaccine and get the flu their symptoms seem to be less severe than those that didn't get any vaccine whatsoever," Perkins said.
The viruses have closed down three Texoma school districts, Vernon, Lawton and City View.
Another example of how dangerous the flu can be, on Friday, the CDC reported that in half of the now 53 child deaths reported, the children were otherwise healthy and had no underlying conditions.
Copyright 2018 RNN Texoma. All Rights Reserved.
Orange County soon will improve its capacity to help people – especially children – suffering sudden psychiatric episodes, when it opens a new Garden Grove facility late this year to temporarily house teenagers and adults on involuntary mental-health holds.
The 22-bed center will be the only crisis stabilization unit in the county to serve minors and the first of three similar units the county plans to open in the coming years, according to Supervisor Andrew Do.
County supervisors on Tuesday approved a $23.9 million, three-year contract with Exodus Recovery Inc., a Culver City nonprofit affiliated with St. Joseph's Hospital, to operate the facility. It is set to open in December.
The county currently operates only one crisis stabilization unit for patients suffering mental episodes. The Santa Ana facility has only 10 beds and supervisors say there are fewer than 100 such beds countywide – none of them serving children. A 2014 Orange County Register investigation revealed that the scarcity of beds often sends psychiatric patients to emergency rooms, where they are sometimes held for hours or days without treatment, preventing others from receiving care.
The Garden Grove facility will admit people ages 13 and older.
“This is a critical step forward in addressing the issue of children's mental health considering that 50 percent of mental health conditions begin by age 14,” according to a statement from Do's office.
Do and Supervisor Lisa Bartlett in April directed staff to seek partnerships to create new mental health facilities in an effort to address the shortage, and the county is in discussions with three additional providers to partner on new emergency psychiatric centers.
However, even these improvements are small compared to the county's needs. Bartlett has estimated in the past that the county needs about 1,500 psychiatric beds.
Contact the writer: jgraham@scng.com or 714-796-7960
Letter to the Editor
RE: GYMPIE Grieves after Nations Darkest Day (The Gympie Times, Thursday, May 25, 2018 page 4).
CLICK HERE: Why shooters will not vote LNP on election day
READ MORE: Gympie gun shop no soft target
The Port Arthur tragedy took 35 lives, all of Australia rightly grieved, but due to wrong decisions, two million innocent firearm owners took the blame and are still paying the penalties.
Pauline Hanson: People are the problem - not guns
April 29, 1996 was a very dark day.
Ron Owen - Gympie gun shop owner, chairman of the Cooloola Gun Range committee, and Firearm Owners Association federal president. Tom Daunt
However, it was not our nation's darkest day, as the 62,000 Australian war deaths in World War One, which brought dark days to hundreds of homes every day.
The World War 2 and it was a very dark day on November 19, 1941, when a German Cruiser sank HMAS Sydney at Shark Bay, just off the coast of Western Australia. It went down with all hands and 645 Australian homes were desolate with grief.
Front pages of The Gympie Times were covered with news and developments in the fallout of Australia's worst ever mass shooting at Port Arthur in 1996. Contributed
Another dark day, February 19, 1942, Darwin was bombed and strafed with bullets as the Japanese fighter/bombers attacked, killing 252 civilians and soldiers.
Times, decades and years may change but the grief in those homes was just as devastating as 1996.
It was a Dark Day for Australia when on July 20, 1840, 26 men, women and children were murdered on the Coorong Coast, South Australia, the relatives were desolate with grief.
Port Arthur Contributed
On October 17, 1861, 19 men, women and children of Cullin-la-ringo, near Springsure, in central Queensland, were murdered and again Australian homes were ruined with grief.
Australia has had many other dark days, as on August 15, 1834, when 33 men women and children were murdered in Northern Queensland.
On none of the previously very sad occasions did the government suggest that millions of innocent Australians would carry the blame and without any due lawful process be deprived of their property and have huge restrictions imposed on their lives involving their remaining property.
Then bizarrely legislate to remove our sacred right of defending our families' lives and our own lives in an inverse avenging retribution for the loss of life at Port Arthur, people who had already been denied the right and means to defend themselves, and their loved ones.
Port Arthur Contributed
The Opposition leader Peter Beattie, quote "to ensure people can walk down the street without fear of being gunned down", his decree only ensured that good people handed in their firearms, as the bad people have no problem acquiring, leaving the good people in greater fear except for Peter Beattie, who at all times had the police armed politician protection squad to defend him and his family.
Up until that point Australia did not have a statistic that collected numbers of home invasions, prior to that point, break and enters always occurred when the homeowner was out.
Thieves did not want to be shot.
Once homes were disarmed they became the target for thieves who have no care if anyone is home, or not, even if they are a firearm owner as they have to keep guns under lock and key with the bolt open or removed.
Peter Beattie's good friend and co conspirator 'anti gunner' Professor Paul Wilson, (Bond University) Criminologist who wrote the article in Playmate magazine calling Gympie "Helltown" also got a mention on Page 4 'Briefs'.
The Gympie Times reacts to the 'Helltown' article written by Paul Wilson and published in Penthouse in 1997. Contributed
The government thought so highly of Paul Wilson they gave him a medal, The Order of Australia, (the magazine he chose to write in should have given everyone a clue to his morals) but "Briefs" failed to mention that at that time anti gunner Paul Wilson the Criminologist was an active paedophile and convicted of four counts of indecent treatment of a child of eight years old and sentenced to 18 months imprisonment in November 2016.
The Gympie Times reacts to the 'Helltown' article written by Paul Wilson and published in Penthouse in 1997. Contributed
Judge Julie Dick said "the offending was persistent, brazen and involved the corruption of a child".
That is another example of how light sentences are given for real crimes against people and seven-year sentences for contravening the governments weapons legislation.
Ron Owen, local One Nation candidate Chelle Dobson Trevor Wyatt fronm the One Nation Party.
We do not need to think too deeply why child molesters campaign to disarm families, fear of being caught would be greater than anything the court system could fairly inflict on him.
If anyone mistakenly believes that the 1996 uniformed gun laws has prevented further deaths please read https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_massacres_in_Australia
Ron Owen,
Gympie
LONDON (AP) — A poetry collection by the late British writer Helen Dunmore has won the lucrative Costa book prize .
"Inside the Wave" was published two months before the poet and novelist died of cancer last year at age 64 and reflects on the intertwined worlds of life and death.
Author Wendy Holden, who chaired the judging panel, on Tuesday called the collection "life affirming and uplifting."
Open to writers based in Britain and Ireland, the Costa prizes are awarded in five categories, with one chosen as the overall book of the year.
Dunmore's poems beat four other finalists for the 30,000-pound ($42,000) prize: Gail Honeyman's debut novel "Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine"; Rebecca Stott's memoir "In the Days of Rain"; John McGregor's novel "Reservoir 13" and children's book "The Explorer" by Katherine Rundell.
We note with regret the death of Mrs. Janie Hill, age 88 of Camden, who has arrangements provided by the Humphreys County Funeral Home in Waverly.
Mrs. Patricia Ann Harrington, age 79 of New Johnsonville, will have funeral services Saturday morning at 11 at the Hunter-Allen-Myhand Funeral Home in LaGrange, Georgia. Nicky Simpson will officiate the services. Burial will follow in the Shadowlawn Cemetery in LaGrange, Georgia.
Mr. J.B. Burns, age 68 of Waverly, will have visitation Saturday from 11 until service time at 1 at the Humphreys County Funeral Home. Brother Tony Burns, Sr. will officiate the services. Burial will follow in the Middle Tennessee Veteran's Cemetery Monday afternoon at 1 in Pegram.
Mrs. Stacy Faye Capps, age 46 of Camden, will have funeral services Saturday at 2 at the Plunk Funeral Home in Camden. Brother Fitzgerald Bailey will officiate the services. Burial will follow in the Calvary Cemetery. Visitation for Mrs. Capps will be this evening from 6 until 9 at the Plunk Funeral Home.
Mrs. Martina Byrd, age 83 of Paris, will have visitation Saturday from 11 until 2 at the Stockdale-Malin Funeral Home in Big Sandy. Graveside services will be Saturday at 2:15 at the Pleasant Ridge Cemetery in Big Sandy.
Mrs. Mattie Jo Darby will have funeral services Sunday at 2 at the Plunk Funeral Home in Camden. Dr. Mike Blankenship will officiate the services and burial will follow in the Benton Memory Gardens. Visitation for Mrs. Darby will be Saturday from 5 until 8 at the Plunk Funeral Home.
Up until five years ago, the women of the Palestinian village of Susiya in the West Bank would churn sheep's milk in a traditional... Want to read more? Subscribe or Sign up for free access to six premium articles Subscribe Log in / Sign up Haaretz unlimited. Only 1$ for the first month
In this Monday, Feb. 6, 2017, photo, Kind CEO Daniel Lubetzky talks during an interview, in New York. Lubetzky is pledging $25 million over the next 10 years to create a nonprofit dedicated to “revealing and countering” the food industry's influence on public health. The move underscores the division between “Big Food” companies and newer players that market themselves as wholesome alternatives aligned with public health.(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan)
NEW YORK (AP) -- A $25 million pledge to fight the food industry's influence on public health is coming from a surprising source — the CEO of a snack bar maker.
Kind founder Daniel Lubetzky says he's pledging his own money to create a group called "Feed the Truth" dedicated to revealing corporate influence in the nutrition field, with activities like education campaigns and investigative journalism.
The move underscores the division between older "Big Food" companies and newer businesses that market themselves as wholesome alternatives aligned with health advocates. Kind, known for its fruit and nut bars, touts its use of "real" ingredients and has proven deft at mixing marketing with nutrition issues.
A public health and ethics expert not involved with the group says much depends on how it is set up, and that one tactic to neutralize potential critics is to engage them.
Three high-profile health and nutrition experts have been enlisted to name Feed the Truth's board, which will hire an executive director. Lubetzky said he and Kind will have no involvement, and the group will be free to scrutinize the company. "We don't have any skeletons in our closet," he said.
Since Kind was launched in 2004, the company's annual revenue has grown to $673.4 million, according to market researcher Euromonitor.
The company was in the spotlight after the Food and Drug Administration warned that it was inappropriately using the term "healthy" on packaging. Kind launched a petition asking the FDA to update its guidelines, saying the fat in almonds and avocados shouldn't count against it, and declared victory when the agency said last year it was re-evaluating.
Lubetzky cited that experience and recent reporting by The Associated Press and The New York Times revealing the food industry's influence on nutrition science for his decision to create Feed the Truth. Kind said he will sign a letter of intent to donate $2.5 million a year for the next 10 years.
The irony of such a group being established by a snack bar CEO is not lost on Marion Nestle, a professor of food studies at New York University who is helping nominate the board. She said she usually keeps industry at arm's length, but found Lubetzky "very persuasive" and felt Feed the Truth could raise awareness about corporate influence in nutrition research.
Deb Eschmeyer, a senior policy adviser on nutrition under the Obama administration, said the project reflects the new ways companies and executives are engaging with the public. Michael Jacobson, executive director of the advocacy group Center for Science in the Public Interest, said the money being pledged in advance should help give the group independence.
Kind said the three advisers are not being paid, though it covered Nestle's travel costs for a meeting. The company said it would not be involved once the board is established.
Leigh Turner, a professor at the University of Minnesota's School of Public Health, said that whether the group remains free from Lubetzky and Kind's influence remains to be seen. He noted that engaging critics is one way for companies to neutralize them, and that the group could be a boon to Kind's image.
"This is a business that wants to present itself as a healthy alternative to candy bars," Turner said.
As an example of how Kind presents itself, the company launched a "Nutrition Collective" for dietitians last year, which it said was for discussion of major public health issues. A signup page said members would not be paid, but being involved included letting people how "Kind can be a part of their new lifestyle."
Although Feed the Truth may boost Kind's image, Lubetzky said that wasn't the goal.
"I would hope that people say, OK, these guys are doing the right thing for society, I'm going to be more loyal to the brand," Lubetzky said.
____
Follow Candice Choi at www.twitter.com/candicechoi
Russia Inquiry: President Trump Under Investigation for ‘obstruction of justice'
President Donald Trump is being investigated by special counsel Robert Mueller for possible obstruction of justice, US media reports say.
They say senior intelligence officials will be interviewed on whether Mr Trump tried to end an inquiry into his sacked national security adviser, and about the firing of FBI chief James Comey.
Mr Trump's legal team said the latest leak to the media was “outrageous”.
Mr Mueller is leading an FBI inquiry into Russian meddling in the election.
President Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion with Russia, describing the ongoing inquiry as a “witch hunt”.
The latest development was first carried in the Washington Post. Later the New York Times and Wall St Journal reported the story, citing their own sources.
The Washington Post said the decision by Mr Mueller to investigate President Trump's own conduct is a major turning point in the investigation, which until recently focused on the Russian angle.
Why is the president being investigated?
The latest media reports say the obstruction of justice investigation began just days after President Trump fired Mr Comey on 9 May.
Mr Comey, who had been leading one of several Russia inquiries, testified to Congress last week that Mr Trump had pressured him to drop the investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn.
Mr Flynn was sacked in February for failing to reveal the extent of his contacts with Sergei Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to Washington.
Mr Comey testified under oath that Mr Trump had told him during a private meeting: “I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go. He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go.”
The White House has said the president “has never asked Mr Comey or anyone else to end any investigation, including any investigation involving General Flynn”.
Mr Comey had testified he was “sure” Mr Mueller was looking at whether Mr Trump had obstructed justice.
But Mr Comey also testified that, to his knowledge, the president had not tried to stop the Russia investigation.
However, the Wall St Journal quoted a source as saying that Mr Mueller would examine whether Mr Comey's sacking was an attempt by the president to alter the course of the investigation.
President Trump said he had fired the FBI chief because of the “Russia thing”.
Mr Trump reportedly told Russian officials at an Oval Office meeting a day after sacking Mr Comey that his position had now eased.
“I faced great pressure because of Russia. That's taken off,” Mr Trump said, according to a US official quoted by the New York Times.
Anything else to be examined?
The latest reports also speak of an investigation into possible money laundering among Trump associates.
A former senior official told the New York Times that any collusion between the Trump team and Russian officials would have involved a pay-off, and that there may have been attempts to hide the route of the payments by using offshore banking.
Who is going to be interviewed?
The three names being mentioned in US media are Daniel Coats, the director of national intelligence, Mike Rogers, the head of the National Security Agency, and Richard Ledgett, until recently Mr Rogers' deputy.
At a Senate panel last week, Mr Coats and Admiral Rogers declined to answer questions about conversations with the president, but said that they had never felt pressured to interfere in investigations.
The Washington Post says the three have agreed to be interviewed by investigators and the questioning could happen as early as this week.
The three were not involved in the Trump campaign but may be asked whether Mr Trump sought their help to end the Flynn inquiry.
A separate Washington Post report has said that Mr Coats told associates in March that the president had asked him to try to get the FBI to back off.
However, the Times points out that the latest questioning does not mean a criminal case is being built against the president, simply that information is being gathered by the FBI. It will be passed to prosecutors who will then have to decide.
Has the president responded?
Not personally. Yet.
But his legal team responded angrily.
Mark Corallo, a spokesman for Mr Trump's lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, said: “The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal.”
Mr Trump has repeatedly railed against leaks from the FBI, saying this is the important story, not alleged collusion with Russia, which he has dismissed as “fake news”.
The New York Times reports that Mr Trump has considered firing Mr Mueller in recent days but has been talked out of it by aides.
BBC
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2017 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Russia Inquiry: President Trump Under Investigation for ‘obstruction of justice' appeared first on SIGNAL.
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
( © Istockphoto/Thomas_EyeDesign )
Editor's Note: 2016 was a big year in the church—and in the world. This week we're looking at some of the biggest stories of the year, selected based on feedback from our readers. Thanks for reading Charisma News this year and stay tuned as we continue expanding our coverage in 2017 to include more spiritual insights on the stories that matter most to you.
This article was published March 11th.
Peek behind the curtain of some "progressive" or "hip" evangelical churches, past the savvy technology and secular music, and you will find more than just a contemporary worship service. You'll find faith leaders encouraging young evangelicals to trade in their Christian convictions for a gospel filled with compromise. They're slowly attempting to give evangelicalism an "update"—and the change is not for the good.
It's painful for me to admit, but we can no longer rest carefree in our evangelical identity—because it is changing. No doubt you have seen the headlines declaring that evangelicalism is doomed because evangelical kids are leaving the faith. It is no secret that there is an expanding gulf between traditional Christian teachings and contemporary moral values. But the sad truth is that the ideological gulf between America's evangelical grown-ups and their kids, aka the "millennials," seems to be widening too.
Somehow the blame for this chasm is being heaped on traditional churches. They are accused of having too many rules as well as being homophobic and bigoted. Yes, we've heard those false claims from popular culture in its desperate attempt to keep Christianity imprisoned within the sanctuary walls. But now popular culture is being aided by Christ-professing bedfellows whose message to "coexist," "tolerate" and "keep out of it" is more marketable to the rising generation of evangelicals.
The seasoned Christian soldiers are noticing these distortions of the gospel. But for young evangelicals, the spiritual haze is harder to wade through. Desperate for acceptance in a fallen world, many young evangelicals (and some older ones) choose not to take Christ out of the chapel, and so they are unwittingly killing the church's public witness. In this uphill cultural battle, mired by scare tactics and fear, three types of evangelical Christians are emerging:
Couch-potato Christians: These Christians adapt to the culture by staying silent on the tough culture-and-faith discussions. Typically this group will downplay God's absolute truths by promoting the illusion that neutrality was Jesus' preferred method of evangelism.
These Christians adapt to the culture by staying silent on the tough culture-and-faith discussions. Typically this group will downplay God's absolute truths by promoting the illusion that neutrality was Jesus' preferred method of evangelism. Cafeteria-style Christians: This group picks and chooses which Scripture passages to live by, opting for the ones that best seem to jive with culture. Typically they focus solely on the "nice" parts of the gospel while simultaneously and intentionally minimizing sin, hell, repentance and transformation.
This group picks and chooses which Scripture passages to live by, opting for the ones that best seem to jive with culture. Typically they focus solely on the "nice" parts of the gospel while simultaneously and intentionally minimizing sin, hell, repentance and transformation. Convictional Christians: In the face of the culture's harsh admonitions, these evangelicals refuse to be silent. Mimicking Jesus, they compassionately talk about love and grace while also sharing with their neighbors the need to recognize and turn from sin.
I know about these three types of Christians because at one time or another I have fallen into each of these three categories. My parents will tell you that even though I was raised in church, I morphed into a full-fledged feminist, told my parents they were ignorant for not endorsing homosexuality and bought into the distorted social justice rhetoric that confuses caring for the poor with advancing socialist or big government systems and demonizing the United States for its free market system.
I'm not ashamed to share my story because my experiences and those of my fellow bold evangelicals are a testimony of God's awesome, transforming power. Being countercultural for Christ isn't easy. What does the Great Commission say? Jesus commanded us to go, "teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you" (Matt. 28:20).
Where Did We Go Wrong?
I see so many parents scratching their heads trying to figure out where they went wrong with young evangelicals. Following the instructions of Proverbs 22:6—"Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it"—many evangelical parents took their children to church and prayed with them every night before bed. Yet the values those children now hold dear do not reflect the traditional teachings of Jesus.
To be perfectly clear, I want to let you know upfront that this isn't a parenting how-to guide that, if followed, will lead your loved ones to salvation. Instead, what I can offer you is a glimpse into the world of a twenty-something who sees thousands of young evangelicals being spiritually and emotionally targeted on Christian university campuses, in college ministries and at churches nationwide by a growing liberal movement cloaked in Christianity.
Research tells us that evangelicals are drifting further away from the orthodox truths their parents and grandparents held dear.
Our churches have rarely—if ever—faced the exodus we are seeing today. This will have a direct effect on the spiritual and moral values that will shape the nation in the coming years. That is why it is urgent that concerned Christians start acting now before the situation gets worse.
The Collision of Faith and Culture
Faith and culture will continue to collide in America. The culture wars, the growth of family, the success of missions, the prosperity of our great nation—the future rests on millennial evangelicals' worldview. And that is cause for concern, because something has gone wrong with young evangelicals' theology.
The millennial generation's susceptibility to "feel-good" doctrine is playing a big part in America's moral decline. Millennials' religious practices depend largely on how the actions make us and others feel, whether the activities are biblical or not. For example, we only attend churches that leave us feeling good about our lifestyle choices, even if those choices conflict with God's clear commandments. We dismiss old hymns that focus on God's transforming salvation, love and mercy and opt for "Jesus is your boyfriend" songs. Or we contribute to nonprofits that exploit and misuse terms such as justice, oppressed and inequality because tweaking the language makes us feel more neutral, less confrontational.
Popular liberal evangelical writers and preachers tell young evangelicals that if they accept abortion and same-sex marriage, then the media, academia and Hollywood will finally accept Christians. Out of fear of being falsely dubbed "intolerant" or "uncompassionate," many young Christians are buying into theological falsehoods. Instead of standing up as a voice for the innocent unborn or marriage as God intended, millennials are forgoing the authority of Scripture and embracing a couch potato, cafeteria-style Christianity all in the name of tolerance.
This contemporary mindset is what Dietrich Bonhoeffer, the German theologian whose Christian convictions put him at odds with the Nazis and cost him his life, called "cheap grace." In his book The Cost of Discipleship Bonhoeffer wrote: "Cheap grace is the preaching of forgiveness without requiring repentance, baptism without church discipline, Communion without confession, absolution without personal confession. Cheap grace is grace without discipleship, grace without the cross, grace without Jesus Christ, living and incarnate."
Right now cheap grace theology is proliferating around evangelical Bible colleges, seminaries and Christian ministries.
Christian Doctrine Hijacked
It is not that millennial evangelicals were not taken to church by their parents. It is that their training has been hijacked by ineffective and sometimes intentionally distorted doctrine.
As constant and pervasive as the attacks on Christianity are at public universities, it is important to remember that millennials' worldviews do not start taking shape after they move out of their parents' houses. Their understanding of Jesus' teachings and cultural convictions begin to form while they are still at home and under the influence of their local church.
What I hope and pray evangelical parents and leaders come to realize is that the church has been too trusting. In our jampacked lifestyles, parents have treated Sunday school as they do softball or ballet class—drop off the kids for an hour then pick them up and hope they learned something.
advertisement
Early on in my Sunday school teaching days, my co-teacher and I followed the curriculum pretty narrowly, the exception being that my co-teacher had an outstanding knowledge of biblical history that he imparted to the kids.
We taught all about Jesus' birth, resurrection and saving grace. Thinking the fluffy kids ministry curriculum covered all of the necessary bases, I felt confident these kids had a firm grasp on their Christian worldview. Boy, was I wrong!
One day my co-teacher and I decided to play "True or False." We casually went down a list of worldview questions with our class, sure that our little evangelicals would nail every question correctly.
No. 1: Jesus is God. "True." Great job.
No. 2: Jesus sinned. "False." Bingo!
No. 3: Jesus is one of many ways to heaven. "True." What?!
Shocked is the only way to describe how I felt. Hadn't they been listening to us? When I asked who taught them that, one girl said, "Coexist." Yes, these young evangelicals had been listening to their Sunday school teachers and their parents, but they had also been listening to their public school teachers, TV celebrities and rock stars.
Youth ministers, volunteer leaders and pastors also have to start preparing these kids to deal with the very real hostility that faces young evangelicals.
If we never talk about abortion in church, how can we expect the rising evangelical girl to calmly explain the option of adoption to her frightened best friend who just admitted she is pregnant?
What will surprise you is how many young evangelicals actually crave honest discussions about abortion, sexuality, sexual exploitation, feminism and radical Islam. My friend and Evangelical Action adviser Richmond Trotter has two non-negotiable topics when addressing youth: creation and life. Having volunteered in church youth ministry since 1996, Richmond is not afraid to have serious discussions about what Scripture says about abortion, evolution and homosexuality. Make no mistake: The trend away from biblical truth is not concentrated in the hipster city limits. It is unfolding in the crevices of America's plains, hills, mountains and swamplands. All across this nation, "old-fashioned" conservative evangelicalism is being traded in for a bright and shiny, mediocre Christianity.
If America's evangelicals disengage from the public square and fail to engage the rising generation of Christian leaders, then we risk losing our public voice, then our religious liberty, then liberty altogether.
What Happened to the Religious Right?
The last several decades witnessed tremendous evangelical influence in the United States. Leaders such as Billy Graham, Jerry Falwell, Pat Robertson, Tim and Beverly LaHaye, Paige and Dorothy Patterson, James Dobson, and James and Betty Robison made a bold impact on America's families, churches and government. Now that those few leaders are aging or retiring, or have died, there are very few traditional evangelical leaders left holding the torch and even fewer candidates to whom they can pass it.
But religious convictions in America are not on the verge of disappearance just yet. There is still hope. In the book God Is Alive and Well: The Future of Religion in America, Gallup Inc. Editor-in-Chief Frank Newport ensures: "Christianity will prevail in the U.S. America will remain very much a Christian nation in the decades ahead, albeit less so than in the past because of an increase in Americans who don't have a religious identity."
Heed the Warning Signs
Evangelicals and culture warriors in the U.S. do not have to look far to discover what happens when Christian denominations give up on their traditional convictions and teachings. All we have to do is look at the dwindling memberships of mainline Protestant denominations.
In order to safeguard the trajectory of young evangelicals, we must uphold the authoritative Word of God. It is imperative that those in a position to influence millennials have transparent and honest discussions about the culture wars evangelical youth are already engaging. Otherwise they will be silent and accepting in the face of persecution and false doctrine.
The importance of arming the next generation of evangelicals cannot be overstated. If we continue to follow the example of mainline Protestants, evangelicalism will have a gloomy future. We must offer sorely needed leadership, but before we can do that, we need to know exactly whom and what we are up against.
Chelsen Vicari serves as the Institute on Religion and Democracy's evangelical program director. Prior to joining the IRD, she worked for Concerned Women for America. She holds a bachelor of science in political science and history and a master's degree in international politics. Her articles on evangelicalism and public policy have appeared in TheBlaze, The Christian Post, and RealClearReligion. She recently wrote her first book, Distortion, from which this article is excerpted.
Mat Staver and Matt Barber discuss the clash between Christianity and Progressive Liberalism at culturalchristianity.charismamag.com.
More information
In her book Distortion: How the Christian Left Is Twisting the Gospel and Damaging the Faith, Chelsen Vicari reveals the disturbing truths behind liberal teachings. Using her own experience, Vicari shows how the deception impacts Christianity and the church. This book can be found wherever Christian books are sold or at amazon.com or christianbook.com.
3 Reasons Why you should read Life in the Spirit. 1) Get to know the Holy Spirit. 2) Learn to enter God's presence 3) Hear God's voice clearly! Go deeper!
Has God called you to be a leader? Ministry Today magazine is the source that Christian leaders who want to serve with passion and purpose turn to. Subscribe now and receive a free leadership book.
-
See an error in this article? This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Ex-Hokie Stroman looking to NFL draft; Caps advance in NHL playoffs
| By
Washington moves on to the second round of the NHL playoffs; Hokie CB Greg Stroman wants to hear his named called at the NFL draft this weekend.
WPLY-MIN
By MARLEY JAY
AP Markets Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - Banks and energy companies are surging Wednesday, restoring nearly all of the ground the market lost a day earlier, as investors hope Italy might be able to avoid a new round of elections. Banks are rising along with bond yields after outsize losses a day ago and energy companies are breaking out of a five-day losing streak as oil prices rise. Smaller companies are climbing after they suffered only modest losses the day before.
KEEPING SCORE: The S&P 500 index gained 36 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,725 as of 2:25 p.m. Eastern time. It lost 1.2 percent Tuesday. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 316 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,677. The Nasdaq composite added 68 points, or 0.9 percent, to 7,464. The Russell 2000 index leaped 26 points, or 1.6 percent, to 1,649 and was on pace for another record close.
The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq composite are on pace to recover their losses from Tuesday, with room to spare. The Russell fell less than the rest of the market Tuesday and has fared better than other indexes in recent weeks. It closed at an all-time high on May 21.
ITALY IN FOCUS: Stocks in the U.S. and Europe sank Tuesday as investors worried that Italy would have new elections in a few months and that the vote would become a referendum on whether Italy, the third-largest economy in Europe, would stay in the euro. On Wednesday, premier-designate Carlo Cottarelli said there were "new possibilities" to form a government.
Italy's FTSE MIB stock index climbed 2.1 percent after a 2.7 percent drop a day earlier. Prices for Italian government bonds also rose, sending yields down following a huge surge the day before.
The euro rose to $1.1648 from $1.1531 a day earlier, which was its lowest level in almost a year. The dollar rose to 108.86 yen from 108.24 yen.
Germany's DAX climbed 0.9 percent while the FTSE 100 index in Britain rose 0.7 percent. The CAC 40 in France lost 0.2 percent.
THE QUOTE: JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist for TD Ameritrade, said the market often reacts irregularly to political events like the uncertainty in Italy or tensions between the U.S. and North Korea: stocks often fall fast and then recover in quick fashion. That process can sometimes repeat itself weeks or months later.
If there's no follow-up news, they tend to come back near where they started," he said. "I wouldn't count on it being done for the summer."
BONDS: Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.85 percent from 2.79 percent. Interest rates rose and bank stocks recovered about half of their losses from Tuesday. When rates rise, banks can make more money on mortgages and other types of loans.
TRADE WOES: A day after the U.S. renewed a threat to raise duties on a $50 billion list of Chinese goods, China's government accused the Trump administration of hurting its credibility by acting erratically and vowed to react if new tariffs are implemented. China said the new threat conflicts with an agreement in mid-May aimed at settling the dispute. It had threatened to respond by raising tariffs on beef, soybeans, and other imports from the U.S.
Multinational companies have had a rough ride lately as investors reacted to trade tensions. They have moved money into smaller and more U.S.-focused companies in response.
"Much of their business is done domestically, so the tariffs shouldn't affect them as badly," said Kinahan. "But even if the tariffs don't happen, many of those stocks are performing well."
ENERGY: Energy companies rose as U.S. crude oil climbed 2.3 percent to $68.28 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 2.7 percent to $77.53 a barrel in London.
Oil prices fell 7.6 percent in the last week following reports OPEC countries and Russia might start producing more oils soon. Those countries cut production at the start of 2017, which helped take U.S. crude from about $50 a barrel in late 2016 to more than $70 this month. They had agreed to keep production at its current levels until the end of this year, but upheaval in Venezuela and new sanctions on Iran could change their plans.
EARNINGS: Dick's Sporting Goods soared 27.1 percent to $38.75 after it raised its annual profit forecast. Its first-quarter report was better than expected thanks in part to strong online sales. Its decision to stop selling assault rifles and cease selling guns to people under 21 didn't appear to affect its business.
Printer and PC maker HP also raised its profit projections after its earnings and sales surpassed analyst estimates. HP climbed 3.6 percent to $22.07.
Clothing company Chico's FAS plunged 19.1 percent to $8.08 after its profit fell short of expectations and luxury retailer Michael Kors dropped 13 percent to $59.35 following a disappointing forecast for the year.
METALS: Gold rose 0.2 percent to $1,301.50 an ounce. Silver added 1 percent to $16.54 an ounce. Copper gained 0.2 percent to $3.07 a pound.
ASIA: Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index dropped 1.5 percent and the Kospi of South Korea dropped 2. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 1.4 percent.
____
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A judge is considering whether or not to allow an ex-police officer to withdraw his plea of No Contest in the death of a toddler.
3rd Judicial District Judge Rick Lavery said he will make his ruling by Wednesday as to whether or not the court will allow 35-year-old Jacob Anglesey to withdraw his plea.
Anglesey, a former Green River Police Officer, pleaded No Contest in September to a charge of Voluntary Manslaughter for the death of two-year-old Konnor Allen in 2009. Anglesey was arrested and charged for the crime in February of 2016 after he was indicted by a grand jury.
Judge Lavery asked Anglesey if he understood that a plea withdrawal would involve the case moving forward to trial on the original charge of Murder in the First Degree, and if Anglesey still wished for the court to withdraw the plea. Anglesey requested time to speak with his attorneys on the matter. Lavery told him he would make the decision by Wednesday and would provide until then for Anglesey to decide if he wanted to proceed with the withdrawal.
Anglesey's defense has requested to withdraw the plea due to alleged discovery violations by the prosecution. The defense argues that they now have information which would aide them in a different trial strategy—namely arguing that the victim's mother was the one who inflicted the fatal injuries. In addition, they believe information obtained since entering the plea would result in the child's mother being impeached as a witness in the case.
The prosecution acknowledges that one report was not in the information provided to the defense due to an inadvertent mistake as the Department of Criminal Investigation was changing to a new system. The report, an interview of the victim's mother, did not print when the case file was printed. The prosecution argues that they did not know about the report and provided it to the defense as soon as the error was discovered. County Attorney Daniel Erramouspe argued that the information contained in the report was not material and would have no bearing on the case.
Erramouspe said the Motion to Withdraw did not fulfill the requirements to withdraw a plea, and he asked that the court deny the motion.
Springbank consultant favoured for fork upgrade
Politicians on the civic works committee backed a plan to shell out another $400,000 for the consultant that worked on the Springbank Dam environmental assessment, in order to get rolling on the next stage of the project, the Back to the River initiative. Some of the ideas in that plan to revitalize the fork of the Thames may be updated, as the design was crafted before council made the decision not to repair the busted Springbank Dam, which will result in a lower water level.
New plan for Colonel Talbot interchange includes Glanworth bridge
A plan to scrap a Glanworth Drive bridge frequented by farmers has been reversed, with Ontario's Ministry of Transportation now recommending a rebuild of the Colonel Talbot Road interchange at Highway 401 that includes a bridge east of the existing one. It's part of a project that includes rebuilding four London interchanges, including those at Wonderland Road, Veterans Memorial Parkway, Highbury Avenue and Colonel Talbot Road.
Natural gas fuelled garbage trucks step closer
London's garbage trucks could soon be running on natural gas. A provincial grant program that would split the cost of transitioning the city's garbage truck fleet from diesel trucks to those that run on natural gas earned the support of politicians on the civic works committee. The province would match the $691,312 contributed by the city in order to make the swap to greener garbage trucks.
Justin Timberlake is a pop-music sex symbol. He's married with a son, so he's obviously had sex at least once. And though his new album Man of the Woods touches on many subjects—flannel shirts, churchgoing, doomsday prep, the great state of Montana—there's one frequent theme he just can't seem to get right. As enjoyable as the production on some of these songs can be, the horniest new Timberlake lyrics are more likely to provoke giggles. When it comes to mood music, here are six good reasons to choose something else.
“But then your hands talking, fingers walking / Down your legs, hey, there's the faucet,” from “Man of the Woods”
Just on paper, the already-infamous “faucet” lyric on the titular song of the deeply demented Man of the Woods album is nauseating. It doesn't help that it is basically set to the iconic, sing-song rhythm of “Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini.” It's the kind of vaguely infantile, insanely misguided musical idea that makes the lion's share of songs on Man of the Woods sound like bizarre novelty records, but not the kind made as a joke. To cap off the phrase, Timberlake sings: “Someone's knocking like they know.” Who knocks on a fucking faucet?—WINSTON COOK-WILSON
“Ooh, I love your pink, you like my purple / That color right between those, that's where I worship,” from “Sauce”
Maybe there's no such thing as a particularly subtle metaphor for sex, but this line on the P-Funk inspired “Sauce” sounds like the flowery prose a horny high school student who fancies himself the next Henry Miller might write to his first girlfriend. Plus, no one needs to hear JT's thoughts on their “pink.”—MAGGIE SEROTA
“I'll be the wood when you need heat / I'll be the generator, turn me on when you need electricity,” from “Supplies”
The central conceit of “Supplies”—doomsday prepping as a metaphor for Justin Timberlake's preparedness as a lover, in and out of the bedroom—is so thoroughly inadvisable as to be kind of brilliant. It might be possible to miss the double entendre for the song's first 38 seconds, but then JT hits the point of no return: “I'll be the wood when you need heat.” In a way, it's fitting: Any guy who's willing to try a pickup line this corny might just deserve to have his dick set on fire.—ANDY CUSH
“Come on, don't be passive / Some us time would be magic / This is fantastic, and we could get some practice / And miles on our passes for love,” from “Wave”
Babe, hey, wake up / Did you see / the “passes for love” deal / on Groupon?
I bought us two / They were 80% off / I couldn't resist / Our first stop is Yukon.—MONIQUE MELENDEZ
“It makes me feel like a woman, it makes me feel sexy, it makes me feel… It makes me feel like I'm his,” from “Hers (Interlude)”
“Hers,” an uncomfortable ASMR session delivered by actress and Timberlake spouse Jessica Biel, is technically neither a Justin Timberlake lyric nor explicitly about fucking. It does feature Biel waxing poetic about how wearing a man's holey old T-shirt—presumably Justin's—feels like wearing his skin. Heaven help her if she ever finds a shirt she likes at a thrift store.—ANNA GACA
“Beautiful boy, got it from your momma / Damn, she looks good, you might get a sister,” from “Young Man”
Son, I'm gonna fuck your mom.—M.S.
NEW YORK (WFLA) — Police in New York City are looking for two suspects caught on camera attacking a deli clerk with avocados and bananas, leaving the victim with a broken jaw.
Police released surveillance video of the incident in hopes of finding the two men.
The attack happened on Memorial Day after the 21-year-old deli clerk tried to kick the two suspects out of the store for causing a scene.
The suspects apparently got angry when a deli worker who didn't speak English couldn't understand them when they were ordering food.
Both men are seen on surveillance video picking up avocados, then bananas, and hurling them at the worker who tried to kick them out. They also smashed watermelons and threw other items before leaving the store.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
BACK TO TOP STORIES
Get our hottest stories
delivered to your inbox Sign up for News Channel 8's Newsletter to get
updates on the day's top stories Sign Up Today Privacy Policy | Manage Newsletters
The bad news is that only the base Core i5 version is available today -- the Core i7 variant won't be coming out until this summer. Also, only the US gets all four colors on launch date, while everyone else will have to make do with the platinum version for now. Microsoft will release Burgundy, Cobalt Blue and Graphite Gold in Australia, Austria, Canada, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, HK, Ireland, Japan, New Zealand, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan and the UK over the coming months, though.
The tech titan has also released the new Surface Pro in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, the UK and the US. The device has a 12.3-inch touchscreen display and comes equipped with Intel's Kaby Lake processors. One will cost you at least $799 for the base version, not including the $99 Pen. In the UK, prices start at £799 and top out at £2,699.
If you'd rather splurge for Redmond's pricey Surface Studio, though, you'll now be able to get it in more locations around the world. It's now available for purchase in Austria, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, and the UK. One will cost you at least $3,000 in the US and £2,999 (up to £4,249) in the UK.
Wild Jubilation in Ilorin as CCT Clears Saraki of All Charges
Supporters and loyalists of Senate President Bukola Saraki on Wednesday came out in their hundreds on a wild jubilation spree in Ilorin, the Kwara state capital, following the acquittal of Mr. Saraki by the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT).
According to Premium Times, the supporters sang and danced at the Progressives Congress, APC, secretariat in the state capital, and other strategic places in the city.
Others in various customised t-shirts also stormed the streets to celebrate Mr. Saraki's victory at the CCT.
The Kwara state chairman of the APC, Isola Balogun-Fulani, expressed delight at the judgement.
He said, “We are very happy. We knew that this is a politically motivated charge, but God has vindicated us, and it is a plus to democracy. This also allows us to have confidence in the judiciary of Nigeria.
“We thank everybody and well-meaning Nigerians who had supported us from the first time this thing started up to the end of this case. We are very happy and that is why you see us rejoicing.”
He added that the crowd was heading towards the palace of the Emir of Ilorin to rejoice with him and thank him for supporting their leader, Mr. Saraki.
“From there, we will move to the Governor of Kwara State to thank him for his support from the onset up to the end of this time and to also pray for him that with him in the helm of affairs, Kwara State is progressing and we hope that Insha Allah with the end of this case, Kwara State will continue to progress,” he said.
Mr. Balogun-Fulani added that Mr. Saraki's victory would spur him to perform better.
“Even without settled mind, he has been performing creditably. We are sure that with his settled mind he will do more and perform credibly to the interest of all Nigerians at large,” he said.
On her part, former APC women leader and chairperson, Kwara state local government service commission, Sarat Adebayo, praised President Muhammadu Buhari for the judgement.
“We appreciate President Buhari for doing justice to the whole issue,” she said.
“The judgement is a welcome development to Kwarans as a whole. We appreciate everyone that stood by us when the case lasted.”
Also, a pro-Saraki group, ABS Mandate Constituency Office, also expressed gratitude to God for the outcome of the CCT judgement.
A statement by the group, signed by Kayode Omotose, praised Governor Ahmed and members of the state executive council and the Speaker Kwara House of Assembly, Ali Ahmad, for their support for Mr. Saraki.
While assuring Kwarans that Mr. Saraki shall remain focused in the development of every nook and cranny of the state, the group also called for continuous prayer for the senate president.
Meanwhile, Mr. Saraki's residence in Ilorin, located at the Government Residential Area, GRA, was a beehive of activities on Wednesday.
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2017 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Wild Jubilation in Ilorin as CCT Clears Saraki of All Charges appeared first on SIGNAL.
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BOSTON (AP) — Al Horford had 22 points and 14 rebounds, Marcus Smart made an impact in his first game since mid-March and the Boston Celtics beat the Milwaukee Bucks 92-87 on Tuesday night for a 3-2 lead in their first-round playoff series.
Smart came off the bench and had nine points, five rebounds, four assists and three blocks in his first game since undergoing right thumb surgery. He played 25 minutes wearing a protective splint and had a key assist late from the bottom of a scrum beneath three Milwaukee players.
Terry Rozier added 16 points and five assists for Boston. The home team has won all five games in the first-round series, and Game 6 is Thursday in Milwaukee.
Khris Middleton led the Bucks with 23 points, Jabari Parker added 17 points and eight rebounds, and Giannis Antetokounmpo had a series-low 16 points with 10 rebounds and nine assists.
The Celtics led by 16 before Milwaukee rallied to make it 74-70 with 7:33 left. Middleton scored later and was fouled to get Milwaukee within 84-79, but he failed to complete the three-point play.
A few possessions later, Smart managed to squeeze out a pass to Horford with three Bucks draped over him, and Horford easily dropped in a layup to make it 86-79 with 28.1 seconds left.
Milwaukee got within 87-84 after a layup by Eric Bledsoe, but the Celtics hit enough free throws the rest of the way to secure the win.
The Bucks entered the game shooting an NBA playoff-best 54 percent from the field, but they hit just 37 percent for the game (32 of 87).
Boston needed an energy boost after slow starts to Games 3 and 4, and Smart gave the Celtics exactly that.
He checked in for the first time late in the first quarter. Less than a minute later, he deflected a pass and won a scramble on the floor for the loose ball.
A few possessions later, he was helping protect the rim, getting his hand in to deny an alley-oop dunk attempt by Antetokounmpo.
He was also active on the offensive end, helping drive the ball into the interior of Milwaukee's defense, like when he tossed an alley-oop to Horford late in the third quarter .
TIP-INS
Bucks: F John Henson missed his third straight game with back soreness. ... Scored 15 points in first quarter. It was low for a quarter in the series, excluding the Game 1 overtime period (eight points).
Celtics: Finished with 18 turnovers. ... Outscored the Bucks 32-28 in the paint.
DROUGHT AND A RUN
The Celtics went without a field goal from Rozier's 3-pointer with 9:14 left in the third until Jaylen Brown hit from beyond the arc with 4:26 to go in the period.
Boston's only points during the shooting slump came on a pair of free throws by Tatum with 6:36 left.
It allowed Milwaukee to go on a 12-2 run, trimming Boston's lead to 58-52.
STILL BEEFING
Rozier and Eric Bledsoe got tangled up with 9:33 left in the third quarter. Rozier bumped Bledsoe near the baseline. Bledsoe responded with a hard shove. They then got face-to-face and had to be separated.
Bledsoe was assessed a flagrant foul and Rozier was issued a technical foul.
It was the continuation of some off-court chiding between the pair.
Rozier called Bledsoe "Drew Bledsoe" when asked about him after Game 1. Bledsoe has since responded by saying "Who?" whenever he's asked about Rozier.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Making the e-tron as aerodynamic as possible is critical for Audi if it wants to meet its target range of 248.5 miles. The carmaker is also using a controllable cool-air inlet, adaptive air suspension and side air inlets to reduce resistance, with the measures combining to increase the range by almost 22 miles. But it's the cameras that are most intriguing. The option to install them will only be available in regions where Audi is legally permitted to offer them, Electrek noted. You can check out the virtual mirrors for yourself after the e-tron hits the market, which is scheduled to happen later this year.
Some were simply gunned down. But the Kremlin has also employed far more exotic methods, such as radioactive tea, toxic umbrella tips and tainted letters
Brad Sloan has a satisfying career and a comfortable life in suburban California, but it's not quite what he imagined during his glory days in college. Sloan keeps comparing his life with those of his four college friends, wondering what it would be like to have their well-paying and glamorous jobs. When circumstances force Brad to reconnect with his buddies, he soon begins to question whether he has failed, or is in some ways the most successful of them all.
Advertisement
Global External Fixation Systems Market 2018-2023 | Growth analysis, Market Size, Insight and Trends In 2018 – Investor Opinion
Global External Fixation Systems Market 2018-2023 | Growth analysis, Market Size, Insight and Trends In 2018
Investor Opinion
Global External Fixation Systems Market 2018 Analysis and Forecast To 2023. 'Global External Fixation Systems Market Analysis Report' is a complete blend of the latest External Fixation Systems market statistics, trends, and growth scenario. This report …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
GYMPIE Regional Council will consider throwing its hat in the ring for a $10 million project that would establish it as a major regional produce export distribution centre.
CLICK HERE: Booming Gympie family business with its sights set on Asia
The State Government will construct a high-value produce export distribution centre in regional Qld and will provide up to $10 million to fund a business case and capital investment.
READ MORE: $1 million to control feral pigs? That's no blitzkrieg!
"This is a matter for council to consider, however we must recognise that the Gympie Region does not have the infrastructure in place to support the application, requiring a regional airport for import and export,” Mayor Mick Curran said.
"The reality is, we are within two hours of the Brisbane airport, the existing Fresh Produce Group Distribution Centre at Rocklea's Brisbane Markets, and the Toowoomba Wellcamp Airport. With these options close by, we are fortunate that the Gympie region is already well positioned for export.”
9 children killed as houses collapse in rains in Niger
At least nine children have been killed in Niger as heavy rains over the past few days caused the collapse of houses in the capital Niamey, the authorities said Wednesday.
The children were killed as buildings gave way in different parts of the city, said Zourkaleini Maiga, secretary general of the local authority.
One mother told local television how three of her four children had been killed as they sheltered from the downpour by the wall of a neighbouring house.
The heavy rains also devastated one of the main markets in the city centre.
And two Niger television channels, Tele-Sahel and Tal-TV, were knocked off air on Tuesday evening after their studios were flooded, the station chiefs said.
Niger's rainy season, which lasts three to four months, has only just started.
Last month, the United Nations warned that fresh flooding this year would effect more than 106,000 people in Niger.
Last year's flooding claimed the lives of 50 people and affected 145,000 people, mainly in the desert regions of Agadez and Tahoua.
The post 9 children killed as houses collapse in rains in Niger appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Liberty Global plc ("Liberty Global") (NASDAQ LBTYA, LBTYB, LBTYK, LILA and LILAK) has committed $1 million of funding for humanitarian aid in the Caribbean following the devastating impact of Hurricane Maria and Hurricane Irma. Liberty Global operates two telecoms businesses in the Caribbean region, Liberty Cablevison Puerto Rico ("LCPR") and Cable & Wireless Communications ("CWC"), whose business covers over 20 countries in the region.
Liberty Global has donated the sum to the Liberty Foundation in Puerto Rico and the Cable & Wireless Charitable Foundation, established to assist victims of the hurricanes across the region.
To date, Liberty's fundraising drives have raised over $1.5 million, with donations also coming from Liberty Global employees and a number of industry partners including the Premier League, which contributed $100,000 to the Cable & Wireless Charitable Foundation. Liberty Global has committed to matching donations made by employees to both foundations from across our operating companies worldwide.
The donations form part of Liberty Global's extensive program of humanitarian aid to the Caribbean in response to Hurricanes Maria and Irma. This includes daily airlifting and shipping of emergency supplies including water, food and personal care items, as well as essential equipment such as power generators and solar light bulbs. Our relief efforts extend across the Caribbean and will include four major shipments to Puerto Rico during the next two weeks.
Liberty Global CEO Mike Fries said: "Following the devastating impact of the hurricanes, we are doing everything we can to ensure the well-being of our employees in the region who I am relieved to say have now all been accounted for, and to provide support and emergency supplies on the ground. These are markets that we are proud to serve and through our donations and humanitarian aid program we are committed to helping people across the Caribbean region recover and rebuild."
About Liberty Global
Liberty Global is the world's largest international TV and broadband company, with operations in more than 30 countries across Europe, Latin America and the Caribbean. We invest in the infrastructure that empowers our customers to make the most of the digital revolution. Our scale and commitment to innovation enable us to develop market-leading products delivered through next-generation networks that connect our 25 million customers who subscribe to 51 million television, broadband internet and telephony services. We also serve over 10 million mobile subscribers and offer WiFi service across 10 million access points.
Liberty Global's businesses are comprised of two stocks: the Liberty Global Group (NASDAQ: LBTYA, LBTYB and LBTYK) for our European operations, and the LiLAC Group (NASDAQ: LILA and LILAK, OTC Link: LILAB), which consists of our operations in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The Liberty Global Group operates in 12 European countries under the consumer brands Virgin Media, Unitymedia, Telenet and UPC.
The Liberty Global Group also owns 50% of VodafoneZiggo, a Dutch joint venture, which has 4 million customers, 10 million fixed-line subscribers and 5 million mobile subscribers. The LiLAC Group operates in over 20 countries in Latin America and the Caribbean under the consumer brands VTR, Flow, Liberty, Más Móvil and BTC. In addition, the LiLAC Group operates a sub-sea fiber network throughout the region connecting over 40 markets.
For more information, please visit www.libertyglobal.com.
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
A 1972 gatefold cover for National Lampoon depicted Nixon with a very long nose, one that seemed to run off the page; when the foldout was opened, the rest of the nose appeared, and on the end of it was perched a tiny Henry Kissinger, depicted as Jiminy Cricket.
For a 2006 Rolling Stone cover, he put the second President Bush on a stool in a corner wearing a dunce cap; the headline beside him read, “The Worst President in History?”
Mr. Grossman also drew President Ronald Reagan in Mickey Mouse ears and Bill and Hillary Clinton in a Stone Age serial called “The Klintstones.”
Photo
In a 2008 interview with The New York Times, he was asked about the complaint that caricatures of presidents and presidential candidates were undignified.
“Undignified?” he said. “Virtually anything has more dignity than lying and blundering before the whole stupefied world, which seems to be the politician's eternal role.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Robert Samuel Grossman was born on March 1, 1940, in Brooklyn. His father, Joseph, owned a silk-screen printing shop, Masta Displays, and his mother, the former Ethel Stern, was a homemaker and the shop's bookkeeper.
As a child, Robert sometimes attended art classes at the Museum of Modern Art. He graduated from Midwood High School in Brooklyn and received a bachelor of arts degree at Yale in 1961.
While at Yale he edited the humor magazine The Yale Record, creating a parody issue of The New Yorker and drawing its spot-on cover, which had the magazine's name as The Yew Norker. Apparently the real New Yorker did not take offense, because his first job out of college was as an assistant to the magazine's art editor.
Photo
Mr. Grossman, though, spent virtually all of his career as a freelance illustrator for hire, and he was hired a lot. He drew more than 500 magazine covers. One of his regular customers was The Times, particularly its Sunday book review section.
Steven Heller, a former art director at The Times and now the co-chairman of the M.F.A. design department at the School of Visual Arts in New York, said Mr. Grossman was one of four artists — along with David Levine, Edward Sorel and Jules Feiffer — who found the 1960s and beyond to be fertile ground. Mr. Grossman, he said, gave his work a distinctive look.
“Grossman kind of redefined the genre of caricature by introducing the airbrush as a tool,” Mr. Heller said. “He gave it a kind of sculptural but at the same time comic form. He gave it shades and gradients that the others didn't do. And at the same time he also captured likenesses with brilliant precision and great wit.”
Mr. Grossman, whose mentors included Harvey Kurtzman of Mad magazine, found a nice niche in the early 1970s when New York magazine gave him a regular space to fill under its weekly politics column.
Photo
“It was Watergate time and there was much talk about bugs and bugging,” he recalled in an interview with The Atlantic in 2012. “I drew some insects named Haldebug and Ehrlichbug serving their master, the terrifying Richard M. Nightcrawler.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Decades later, during the early days of the 2008 presidential campaign, he would reach back to the very beginning of his career for an inspiration. In the early 1960s he had drawn a black superhero named Captain Melanin.
“It was the civil rights era,” he said. “Suddenly in early 2007 there was Barack Obama, whose extraordinary poise and charisma seemed to be inspiring messianic hopes in a portion of the population. So it wasn't hard to imagine for him a secret identity with the ability to fly and to lead stranded whales to safety by walking on water.”
Photo
He created O-Man, who lived in O-Manland and went up against characters like Milt Rhomboid and Rich Gingnewt. O-Man's adventures appeared in The New York Observer, then in The Nation, then on a website Mr. Grossman created to continue them.
Mr. Grossman was not about to leave the current goings-on in government unremarked upon. He had of late been posting on his website episodes of a strip called “Twump and Pooty,” whose title characters look suspiciously like President Trump and President Vladimir Putin of Russia.
But for all of his politically oriented drawings, his best-known work might well have been the poster he created for “Airplane!,” a 1980 disaster-movie parody that became a box-office hit. It shows an airplane whose bizarrely flexible front end is tied in a knot.
Photo
He also drew the occasional book and album cover and made animated commercials.
Mr. Grossman's first marriage, to Donna Lundvall in 1964, ended in divorce in 1980. His second marriage, to Vicki Anne Morgan, ended in divorce in 1987. In addition to his son Alex, his survivors include his partner of 24 years, Elaine Louie; another son, Michael Jonathan Grossman Rimbaud; two daughters, Leila Suzanna Grossman and Anna Jane Grossman Pedicone; two brothers, James and David; and five grandchildren.
In a 2008 interview with The Tennessean, Mr. Grossman explained why, of the various jobs that fit under the big tent of journalism, he preferred illustrator.
“Reporters labor under the terrible requirement that what they report must be true,” he said. “Opinion writers need to endure the less stringent demand that what they opine be at least plausible. Nobody ever expects what cartoonists do to be either true or even plausible. That's why we're all as happy as larks.”
Subscribers will have access to all of NBC's Olympics coverage, but content in their Olympics collection will be ranked based on their preferences. Hulu is also putting together other collections of content that will compile highlights and clips from the Games.
Comcast announced earlier this month that it's also giving Xfinity subscribers some useful and exclusive ways to view Olympic coverage. Its offerings include a feature that will let users jump into a live broadcast at any point and restart it from the beginning as well as "virtual channels" that will be centered on both specific sports and themes like "biggest upsets" and "funniest moments." Additionally, Olympics fans can catch some Olympic preview shows over on Netflix and NBC is releasing VR coverage of the Games that will work on a number of devices.
With so much Olympic coverage available for viewers to watch, Hulu's personalization tools are definitely useful. The Olympic Games kick off on February 8th and run through the 25th.
Image: Hulu
Mukoyi told the Daily News yesterday that Khupe's camp was lost to think he can turn against Chamisa in their bruising legal battle for the party's leadership.
“Khupe and (Obert) Gutu must go hang because I am a loyal party cadre who has never sold out and is not about to sell out now,” said Mukoyi.
“They are betting for the wrong horse and they will be shocked if they try it: if they think simply because I have had problems with my fellow comrades in Kuwadzana East then I am now a mercenary who will be bought by pieces of silver. That will not happen,” he vowed.
Khupe's camp is planning to subpoena Mukoyi to explain how the MDC youth wing, which goes by the moniker, Vanguard, helped Chamisa usurp power before the death of the party's founding president, Morgan Tsvangirai.
This came after Mukoyi was quoted saying he approached MDC deputy treasurer general Charlton Hwende—his rival in the Kuwadzana East constituency primary elections—to effect illegal leadership change in the party when Tsvangirai was ill.
Khupe's deputy, Gutu, immediately took to twitter to celebrate the revelation.
“Shackie Mukoyi will be one of our start witnesses when the High Court trial kicks off. Oral evidence is the best. Brace up for extremely interesting revelations and confessions” Gutu tweeted.
Gutu went on to say his camp would approach the courts to have Mukoyi testify and reveal what they the MDC youth wing did in view of his confession.
Mukoyi, however, said Khupe should instead come to terms with “the reality that the highest decision-making body of the MDC in-between congresses — the national council — made a decision that Chamisa was the president and that will not change”.
“She (Khupe) is a senior member of the party and I wonder why she is wasting time on issues she knows have since been resolved and will not be revisited”.
Chamisa and Khupe are locked in a vicious power struggle over who between them is the legitimate MDC president and the use of the party name and logo.
The wrangle was spawned by Tsvangirai's death in February, after succumbing to cancer of the colon.
Chamisa's claim to the MDC leadership is on account of a national council resolution that elevated him to lead the party into this year's elections pending an extraordinary congress in less than a year.
Khupe, who has since held her own congress in the party's name, however, argues that she is the legitimate leader.
Khupe's camp accuses its rivals of endorsing the activities of the Vanguard whose members were accused of assaulting the former deputy prime minister in Bulawayo last year and in Buhera at Tsvangirai's funeral.
Meanwhile, Sten Zvorwadza, leader of the National Vendors Union of Zimbabwe (NVUZ), has urged the organisation's membership to give President Emmerson Mnangagwa's administration a chance.
Once a fearless critic of Zanu PF, under the leadership of former president Robert Mugabe, Zvorwadza has, all of a sudden, emerged as one of the staunchest defenders of the successor administration led by Mnangagwa.
His volte face has surprised many, including some of his followers.
Amid speculation that he might have been induced, financially, to sing praises of Mnangagwa, Zvorwadza insisted yesterday that there was nothing untoward about his new found love for the new dispensation, which swept to power in November last year when Mugabe was forced to resign following a military intervention.
“If there is a person who gave me money for the things I was doing they can throw the first stone, but if there is none then I am clean,” he told the Daily News.
“In Zanu PF — when we are knocking on their doors — no one is talking politics. We gave the MDC a platform in 2014, 2015, 2016 but they declined to give us a voice,” added Zvorwadza.
The NVUZ chairperson said the MDC betrayed the civic movement in Zimbabwe at a time they needed them the most.
He said he will not be doing the vendors any good if he were to back a divided opposition.
“The new dispensation gave us a 48-hour ultimatum to vacate the streets and we also gave them an ultimatum of 48 hours to create jobs. After that, we then engaged them and they opened their doors to us. We then agreed that vendors will not be beaten up and not moved from the streets until a lasting solution is found. They listened to us. We accept that the plight of the vendors has not changed but there is now zero harassment,” he said.
On the other hand, we were being beaten up in the streets by the old regime but the opposition were silent. We were at times even protecting MDC-T councillors. Time and time again, we pleaded for their assistance but not even a statement came from the MDC-T condemning violence against vendors.
“The MDC-T were even telling their people not to attend our demonstrations. In essence, at every point the MDC-T was fighting processes that they purport to stand for.
As an organisation, we stand for the truth. If a Zanu PF person is beaten up, we stand by that person. We should not be seen as standing by a particular political party. We stand for all vendors.
“There are now a lot of independent candidates because they have been let down. Let's move forward and support our government and leave politics aside. Let's move away from politics of intolerance. We can't say we are waiting for so-and-so's government. What about if that government never comes?” DailyNews
WINNIPEG — A Winnipeg woman has been charged in the death of an 18-year-old woman who was in foster care.
RCMP were called to a home in the Rural Municipality of Springfield on July 14, 2016 where they found 18-year-old Lydia Whitford dead.
She was in the care of Sandy Bay Child and Family Services at the time; it's considered an extension of care because she was an adult.
Her family said Whitford had autism and epilepsy and that officials told them she died of natural causes.
Whitford's death was deemed a homicide last December.
Manitoba RCMP say Lisa Marie Campbell, who is 26, is charged with manslaughter.
Sandy Bay Child and Family Services executive director Richard De La Ronde said last December that Whitford lived in a licensed foster home in the R.M. of Springfield. He said the agency closed the home after her death.
(CTV Winnipeg)
By Tom Pavic, CFA, Sayer Energy Advisors
A total of $22.4 billion in capital was raised by the Canadian oil and natural gas industry in 2017, up 45 per cent from the $15.5 billion raised in 2016. The increase in total financings led to a slight up-tick in the number of dealers servicing the sector. Year-over-year the number of active dealers servicing the Canadian oil and natural gas industry inched higher to 41 in 2017 from 40 in 2016.
The total number of active dealers in 2017 (defined as those completing over $5 million in total issues per year) was comprised of 20 foreign-based dealers, 14 Canadian independent brokerage companies and seven Canadian bank-owned firms. By comparison, in 2016 the total number of active dealers was comprised of 18 Canadian independent brokerage companies, 16 foreign-based dealers and six Canadian bank-owned firms.
There was a total of $5.7 billion in equity raised during 2017, down $6.6 billion or 53 per cent from the $12.3 billion raised in 2016. The top five equity underwriters in 2017 consisted of three Canadian bank-owned firms, one foreign-based dealer and one Canadian independent brokerage company. This was also the exact same breakdown in 2016.
The top five dealers in equity financings in 2017 were: RBC Dominion Securities Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., TD Securities Inc., BMO Capital Markets and GMP Securities L.P. Together these dealers raised approximately $1.8 billion of equity in 2017. Three of these top five dealers, RBC, J.P. Morgan and TD, remained in the top five year-over-year.
Cenovus Energy Inc. completed the largest equity financing in 2017, raising approximately $3.0 billion in March to partially fund the $17.7 billion acquisition of assets from ConocoPhillips Co. The lead underwriters for the financing were RBC and J.P. Morgan.
In terms of the number of equity financings completed, GMP was the most active dealer by participating in 13 deals, of which it was lead underwriter in three. Raymond James Financial, Inc. was in second place by underwriting 11 deals and acting as lead in three. In third place were both Canaccord Genuity Group Inc. and Scotia Capital Inc. which both participated in 10 financings in 2017 but were not the lead agents in any financings. It should be noted that GMP acquired FirstEnergy Capital Corp. in the latter half of 2016 and our statistics for 2017 do incorporate the combined entity.
In 2017, debt financings, in contrast to equity financings, were up significantly compared to 2016. In 2017, total debt financings were $16.7 billion, up 423 per cent from the $3.2 billion raised in 2016. The top five spots in 2017 were occupied by three Canadian bank-owned firms and two foreign-based dealers. In 2016, the top five dealers consisted of three Canadian bank-owned firms, one Canadian independent brokerage company and one foreign-based dealer. The top five dealers in debt financings in 2017 were TD, Citigroup Inc., RBC, Scotia Capital and Bank of America Merrill Lynch,each with over $575.0 million in financings in the category. The only dealer which remained in the top five year-over-year was RBC.
All five of the top debt underwriters listed above were part of the underwriting syndicate for Canadian Natural Resources Limited's three separate debt financings over $1.0 billion in May 2017. In total, Canadian Natural raised just over $4.0 billion in three separate debt financings of $1.7 billion, $1.3 billion and $1.0 billion respectively. TD, Citigroup and Bank of America were part of the group of lead underwriters in the aforementioned three debt offerings, with RBC and Scotia part of the underwriting syndicate. In addition, in May 2017 Canadian Natural also completed a fourth debt financing of $900.0 million where the lead underwriters were TD, RBC and Scotia.
In reviewing the financings completed in the first three months of 2018 and comparing them to the first quarter of 2017, the total amount of capital raised is down 88 per cent, to approximately $900.0 million from the $7.3 billion raised over the same time period last year. This decline in the amount of capital being raised could possibly lead to a drop in the number of dealers servicing the Canadian oil and natural gas industry in 2018.
Note that the methodology we have used to derive the dollar value for dealer activity was to assign the lead dealer of a financing a value of two and all the other dealers in an underwriting syndicate a value of one. For example in a $40.0 million financing with one lead dealer and two other dealers in an underwriting syndicate, the lead dealer would be credited a value of $20.0 million and the other two dealers would be assigned a value of $10.0 million each.
COLUMBIA FALLS, Maine — A convoy loaded with Christmas wreaths has left Down East Maine for a weeklong journey to Arlington National Cemetery, where the wreaths will adorn tombstones this holiday season.
The Wreaths Across America caravan departed Sunday from Columbia Falls, where the wreaths were made. It'll travel through Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland and Washington D.C., before arriving in a week in Arlington, Virginia.
The grand marshals are Vietnam War Medal of Honor recipient Roger Donlon and his wife, Norma Donlon.
The tradition began when Maine wreath maker Morrill Worcester donated 5,000 wreaths to Arlington Cemetery. This year, there will be more than 200,000 of them placed at Arlington alone. A total of 1.2 million wreaths will be placed on markers across the country in 1,238 locations.
There is plenty of entertainment for families to enjoy in the new spring season at Derby Theatre.
These treats include: Monstersaurus, a brand-new show from the creators of Aliens Love Underpants where we see young inventor Monty creates a whole world of whacky inventions and incredible monsters, an energetic show full of thrills, spills, magic and mayhem for young people aged three-plus and their family and friends, on from February 13-14; Mr Bloom's Nursery, a fun and inspiring show presented by the man himself and the Veggies, a super show with sing-alongs, play and interaction with songs including This is My Allotment, Meet the Veggies, The Compo Song and Night Night Veggies, on Thursday, April 13.
There will also be a chance to see Northern Ballet's Goldilocks and the Three Bears, a perfect opportunity for little ones to explore, see and experience this classic story through live ballet, music and theatre, on April 18; Morgan & West's Magic Show for Kids and Childish Grown-Ups, a jaw-dropping, heart-stopping, brain boggling, illusion-inspiring show for all the family, where magic and silliness abound, on April 22.
In the Studio theatre, there's Molly's Marvellous Moustache, a new theatrical adaption of the storybook written by Andrea Heaton featuring original music, playful interaction and lots of laughs, on February 26; and The Moon & Me by Egg Box Theatre on April 8, an interactive, sensory experience, blending multimedia with an immersive environment to create an inspiring theatrical experiences for age two-plus.
Tickets for all shows and events in the spring are now on sale. To book, call 01332 593939, visit the box office in person or visit www.derbytheatre.co.uk
Photo by Chris Seddon
Treasurer Moshe Kahlon told the Zionist Union faction in the Knesset Monday, "Friends, in order to carry things out, you must be in the government."
Responding to the faction's motion of no confidence in the government, Kahlon continued, "You have good initiatives but if you really want to do something - join the government."
SALT LAKE CITY — Mormon leader Robert D. Hales was memorialized Friday as a wise, quick-witted and devoted church servant at a public funeral Friday in Salt Lake City.
Hales, 85, died Sunday from complications related to his age. He is the fourth top leader of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints to die in the last three years.
Referring to him as “Bob,” fellow leaders lauded Hales' courage in dealing with health issues that began in 1991 after his first heart attack to help guide the religion by providing unique insight and influence.
Hales was a member of a top church governing body called the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles since 1994 and served in lower-tier church panels for two decades before that. The New York City native was a fighter pilot in the Air Force and business executive before going to help guide the church.
Russell M. Nelson, president of the Quorum, said Hales' New York candour and wonderful sense of humour will be missed by fellow leaders.
“With the courage of jet pilot, the tenacity of a champion athlete, the humility and devotion of a disciple of the Lord, Elder Hales has completed his life's mission in a most exemplary way,” said Nelson, next in line to become church president. “He has passed the tests of mortality and returned home with the highest honours.”
About 2,500 people attended the public funeral inside the religion's historical Tabernacle in Salt Lake City. The Mormon Tabernacle Choir sang hymns chosen by Hales' wife and family.
Hales was born in 1932 and grew up in Long Island in a Mormon family with a father who was an artist. As a high school baseball pitcher, he dreamed of playing in Major League Baseball. He never realized that dream, but he did get to throw out a first pitch at a Los Angeles Dodgers game in 2007 as part of Mormon Night at Dodgers Stadium.
Hales earned a business degree from the University of Utah and a master's in business administration from Harvard University.
Hales was 42 when he was called into full-time church service, leaving behind a business career. He had been president of the Paper Mate pen company, as well as an executive at a television firm and at the manufacturing company that made Vaseline.
Quorum member Henry B. Eyring said Hales was a legend in the business world but that he didn't hesitate to leave his career to join church leadership when he received a call from a top leader in the religion informing him of the offer.
Eyring said that to Hales, hearing that call “was the same as hearing the Lord's voice.”
He worked his way up through church management tiers until he was called to Quorum of the Twelve Apostle in 1994 and joined other men who left successful careers to fill what they consider a church calling. Other Quorum members included former Utah Supreme Court Justice Dallin H. Oaks and Dieter F. Uchtdorf, who was an executive with Lufthansa, the German airline. Nelson was a surgeon.
Hales' combination of experience in private business and deep roots in the religion made him emblematic of Mormon leaders of his era.
Hales died at a hospital surrounded by family in between conference sessions Sunday. Hales' death comes after fellow Quorum members Boyd K. Packer, L. Tom Perry and Richard G. Scott died in 2015. Mormon leaders in the governing body serve until they die.
A replacement for Hales will be chosen at a later date, likely at the next church conference in April. Most new Quorum members come from lower-tier councils.
Church President Thomas S. Monson, 90, wasn't in attendance at the funeral because of his ailing health. He also missed last weekend's conference and hasn't been going regularly to meetings at church offices because of limitations related to his age since May.
Nelson, 93, is the man next in line for the church presidency. He appeared in good health again Friday as delivered a speech during the funeral.
During the final prayer, Quorum member Ronald A. Rasband made note of saying that Hales learned during his days as a fighter pilot in the U.S. Air Force that became his personal motto, “return with honour.”
“We know most assuredly that this dear servant has returned with honour,” Rasband said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Step by methodical step, the Trump administration is remaking government policy on reproductive health — moving to limit access to birth control and abortion and bolstering abstinence-only sex education.
Social and religious conservatives praise the administration for promoting "a culture of life." But women's-rights activists and some medical experts view the multi-pronged changes as a dangerous ideological shift that could increase unintended pregnancies and abortions.
"When I ran for office, I pledged to stand for life," President Donald Trump said in a recent speech to the Susan B. Anthony List, which backs political candidates who oppose abortion. "And as president, that's exactly what I've done. And I have kept my promise, and I think everybody here understands that fully."
Most of the changes involve rules and regulations under the administration's direct control, such as a proposal to forbid federally funded family planning clinics from referring women for abortions and separately allowing more employers who cite moral or religious reasons to opt out of no-cost birth control for women workers.
Trump also is appointing numerous new federal judges endorsed by anti-abortion groups.
Justice Neil Gorsuch, the president's only appointment to the Supreme Court so far, has a sparse record on abortion, but has drawn praise from anti-abortion groups and criticism from abortion rights supporters. Unlike regulatory changes, judicial appointments cannot be reversed by a future president.
Democrats say Trump is changing policy in ways that could disrupt access to family planning for some women.
A recently proposed rule would make major changes to Title X, the family-planning program, including banning clinics from sharing physical space and financial resources with abortion providers. Providers like Planned Parenthood could be forced out.
"It's across the spectrum of women's health services," said Rep. Diana DeGette, D-Col. "They're proposing abstinence-only sex education —which study after study has shown doesn't work— restrictions to family planning, and more and more restrictions to abortion."
Title X serves about 4 million low-income people, mainly women. Disruptions could affect women's access to long-acting contraceptives, such as implants and IUDs. Those are more effective than daily pills that can be forgotten but also much more expensive up-front.
Eight professional groups representing doctors, nurses, midwives and physician assistants say the Title X proposal "dangerously intrudes" on the patient-provider relationship. That could lead to more unplanned pregnancies, medical complications and undiagnosed diseases.
"The strange thing about this is that people who want to decrease the number of abortions are taking away access to the very services that help prevent them," said Dr. Hal Lawrence, CEO of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, one of the eight groups. Among the others are the American College of Nurse-Midwives and the American Academy of Pediatrics.
The administration says it supports family planning and isn't cutting funding — merely drawing a "bright line" between birth control and abortion. Officials say the doctor-patient relationship is protected because if a woman asks for an abortion referral, Title X doctors could offer a list of pregnancy services providers, including some who perform abortions.
Abortion is legal, but under longstanding law and regulations, taxpayer money cannot be used to pay for abortions. Planned Parenthood, a major provider of both kinds of services, can receive federal family-planning grants while separately providing abortions.
Trump's changes come at a time when U.S. rates of births overall, births to teens, and abortions are low.
"If we were seeing skyrocketing abortion rates and wildly high numbers on teen births, you could say we have a crisis, but this is just the opposite," said Kathleen Sebelius, secretary of Health and Human Services under President Barack Obama, and a supporter of abortion rights. "This is playing politics and putting people in a very precarious situation."
In addition to the proposed changes to Title X, other regulatory actions include:
— Proposing a shift in the Teen Pregnancy Prevention Program to emphasize an abstinence-only approach.
— Proposing new criteria for federal family-planning grants that would favor applicants who promote "natural family planning" and abstinence.
— Expanding a ban on U.S. funding to foreign organizations that promote or provide abortions.
Professor Michael New, who teaches economics at Ave Maria University in Florida, agrees there's a major policy shift. But New, who opposes abortion, dismisses claims of dire consequences as "false and frankly absurd."
"President Trump is decidedly pro-life and it is his administration's prerogative to use federal funding rules to incrementally build a culture of life," said New. "The administration is seeking to redirect tax dollars away from entities like Planned Parenthood that treat abortion as a method of family planning and toward entities that affirm life and provide more holistic health care services."
Planned Parenthood, which survived attempts by congressional Republicans to deny it funding, says the administration's proposed changes to Title X could be another way of achieving the same goal. Planned Parenthood serves 41 percent of program clients, and operates 13 percent of the clinics.
Such facilities have become a specialized niche. Research from Texas after that state moved to oust Planned Parenthood showed that other local providers like community health centers were not able to easily fill the gap.
Dr. Stephanie Ho works for Planned Parenthood at a clinic in Arkansas that will have to stop offering medication abortions because of a state law that the Supreme Court this week allowed to take effect. The combination of state restrictions and administration actions worries her.
"They're pushing their views on everyone," she said. "They're ignoring scientific evidence and expert medical opinion."
Top Planned Parenthood officials say they will fight to remain in Title X, and will consider litigation if necessary to challenge new rules. HHS is expected to announce funding awards for the $260-million program this fall.
At a time when social mores on human reproduction continue changing across the world, some see the U.S. in a time warp.
"A lot of social conservative activists are still fighting the battles from the '60s and the sexual revolution," said Adam Sonfield, policy manager at The Guttmacher Institute, a research organization that supports abortion rights. "That's their ultimate goal — that some people will just give up and stop having sex."
But Kristi Hamrick, spokeswoman for Students for Life of America, said one result of the policy changes "may be that American women will find that life goes on without Planned Parenthood."
___
Crary reported from New York.
Meek Mill released from jail, conviction might be tossed – Pulse Nigeria
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Uproxx / ABC
Lovers of free speech should be excited today. Ditto for lovers of the free market. In one fell swoop, Roseanne Barr illustrated the power of both concepts handily. She exercised her First Amendment rights by tweeting out a deeply racist remark about Valerie Jarrett, a former advisor to Barack Obama; and the marketplace quickly responded by torpedoing her recently revived sitcom, as if it was all one Ambien-induced fever dream. But there's no $108 million payoff waiting this time around — just angry castmates, repulsed producers, joke-laden critics, and a few loyal fans offering limp defenses that Barr herself wants nothing to do with.
The rapid turn of events can be viewed through any number of prisms, though free speech and the free market are particularly potent because they're highly valued by a subset of working-class fans of Roseanne and her Trump-aligned politics. Barr will not be jailed for her vile opinions; she's welcome to them, thanks to the Constitution. Meanwhile, the television industry — rapidly responsive and ever-prone to correcting the overvaluations of once bankable entities — snapped into action: Barr's show was canceled, reruns were pulled, and her reps dropped her, all within 24 hours. Paired together, the lenses of free speech and free market highlight a bigger idea, one that advocates of racism-under-the-guise-of-First-Amendment-freedoms are all too prone to forget: Even behaviors that are protected by law can have costly consequences.
* * *
At some point in this cycle, virulent alt-right conservatives will compare the fallout of Barr's tweets to some sort of state-sponsored censorship. It's not. ABC, the network in question, acted in response to a board and shareholders, rather than a government mandate. Channing Dungey, president of ABC Entertainment, looked like a genius by greenlighting the Roseanne reboot. Now she looks brave for making the call to kill it. Both of these things can be true at once. The world changes quickly and Dungey, the company she represents, and its parent company, Disney, all know how to recognize dead weight. They employ longterm thinking, are beholden to audience opinions, and wouldn't dare take on the ill will that would come from supporting a racist, even if Barr's tweets wouldn't completely poison the show's ratings in season two.
The whole case study reflects a cycle of actions and reactions that any Ayn Rand-loving libertarian or MAGA-hat-wearing conservative ought to be thrilled by. And it's exactly what our society needs: Humans forced to evolve and think deeper about how they treat one another, not as a result of legislation, but as a result of society's own arc toward respecting dignity for all and how that arc affects the businesses we patronize.
In short: Our culture will not stand for bigotry, so if you act like a bigot you should expect a reckoning. If you employ a bigot, you should rethink the relationship — before the bigot-haters pull their support, thereby making you less money.
Twitter/ @ChaseMit
If this sounds to you like “the PC brigade gets to decide what's on television” know that it both is and isn't that. Yes, Twitter has given a voice to people historically marginalized by our society, people who now have the chance to speak out about offenses that were previously all too easily ignored. But studio heads are driven by a profit motive, and so, while they surely hear the complaints about any number of people in their employ, it's going to be the ones whose offenses are too large to be drowned out by their bankability that actually lose their jobs due to behavior. It's values-based corporate coercion conducted by a populace that votes with their dollars (or, in this case, their eyeballs).
Remember before you claim “left-wing censorship ruins everything,” that Dave Chapelle didn't get the rug pulled out from him because of his trans jokes, Jeffery Tambor is still on Arrested Development after being fired from Transparent over inappropriate behavior, and Apu is still on The Simpsons in light of the discussion created by Hari Kondabolu's recent documentary. You may believe that further actions were necessary in any or all of these cases, or that the fact that they didn't result in firings or cancellations are examples of bad behavior/ taste being tolerated in the entertainment industry, but you certainly can't view the situations above and then claim that public outrage is here to steal all of your favorite things.
Clearly, studios know well enough to handle these situations on a case-by-case basis. In this case, they responded to a particularly egregious example of racism by a person who has a history of similar behavior. It was a straightforward call morally, ethically, and financially.
Twitter / @RobertIger
So what of it? What are the larger societal implications of a racist rich person losing the chance to get richer due to her continually avowed racism?
Well, they're quite large, actually. We're a world torn asunder by tremendous upheaval. And while racists, sexists, transphobes, and enemies to equality everywhere seem to be crawling out of deep crevasses in our fractured landscape all too often, there's clearly a mass of citizens keenly interested in fighting against them. The Roseanne cancellation proves that one of the tools moving forward for those pursuing a more just nation is the free market — beloved by those who might otherwise prove resistant to the current progressive social revolution.
The swift actions of ABC come in response to a nation that is clamoring for justice, but it was also a smart business decision. Those forces, taken in tandem, will help to motor a vital movement. It's not censorship, it's simple cause and effect.
The U.S. Small Business Administration launched the "Boots to Business REBOOT" program throughout the country three years ago. REBOOT is designed for Veterans of all eras, and Servicemembers, that include National Guard and Reserves, and their spouses and dependents. The Nevada Small Business Development Center is providing this powerful program throughout the state of Nevada for the third year, reaching out to new Nevada locations. The program is entirely free and has already been provided in Nevada communities that include Las Vegas, Henderson, Pahrump, Elko, Ely, Winnemucca, Fallon, Laughlin and Mesquite.
This course is being offered in partnership with the Veteran's Business Outreach Center as they participate at the 99th National Convention for the American Legion held at the Tuesday, Aug. 22 Atlantis Casino Resort and Spa from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. in Reno. The program is free, and registration is required.
Boots to Business REBOOT is a full-day training event that provides participants an overview of business ownership as a career vocation, an outline and knowledge of the components of a business plan, a practical exercise in opportunity recognition, and an introduction to available public and private resources. There are 8 topics covered that include:
Intro to Business Ownership
Basics of Business Opportunity Recognition
Understanding Markets
The Economics of Small Business Start-Up
Choosing the Correct Legal Entity
Financing the Venture (special Access to Capital panel)
Intro to Business Planning
Moving Forward with Resources
To register for this program, please click https://sbavets.force.com/s/ to see the calendar, and click August 22nd Reboot @Atlantis Casino Resort. For questions on the event, contact Kathy Carrico at 775-240-0356, or kcarrico@unr.edu.
OAKLAND, Calif. — Nathan Eovaldi pitched six innings of no-hit ball in his return to the majors following a second Tommy John surgery, leading the Tampa Bay Rays to a 6-0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Wednesday night.
Eovaldi (1-0) faced one over the minimum through six innings in his Tampa Bay debut. He threw 70 pitches and had four strikeouts. The only runner to reach base against him was Matt Chapman, who drew a one-out walk in the first.
Wilmer Font, acquired by the Rays from the A's last Friday, gave up Jed Lowrie's one-out single in the seventh for Oakland's only hit of the game. Vidal Nuno got the last three outs to finish the one-hitter.
Rob Refsnyder hit a three-run home run off A's starter Sean Manaea (5-6), and Johnny Field also homered for the Rays.
The game drew an announced crowd of 6,295, the smallest at the Coliseum since April 3, 2003.
Eovaldi last pitched in the majors on Aug. 10, 2016, for the Yankees. Nine days later, he underwent a second elbow surgery. Eovaldi also had Tommy John surgery in 2007 when he was a junior in high school.
The 28-year-old missed the first month of this season after undergoing surgery March 30 to remove loose bodies in his elbow. Eovaldi made four rehab starts in the minors before being activated off the disabled list prior to Wednesday's game.
Eovaldi, the 12th pitcher in major league history to start in the majors after having two Tommy John surgeries, induced seven groundouts and retired the final 17 batters he faced following the walk to Chapman.
Font then came in and retired Matt Chapman on a liner to shortstop in the seventh before Lowrie pushed a single up the middle.
Nuno replaced Font in the ninth and gave up a leadoff walk to Chad Pinder then retired the next three batters.
That was all the offence the A's could muster while being shut out by the Rays for the second time in three games.
Oakland went into the game batting .216 in May, the second-lowest average in the majors.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Athletics: INF Marcus Semien was placed on the paternity leave list before the game. Chad Pinder started at shortstop in Semien's absence. RHP Josh Lucas was called up from Triple-A Nashville. … RHP Liam Hendriks began a rehab assignment with Triple-A Nashville.
UP NEXT
Tampa Bay RHP Ryne Stanek (1-0, 3.24 ERA) will make his second career start, three days after getting a win coming out of the bullpen. RHP Daniel Mengden (5-4, 2.85) goes for Oakland.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
MEXICO CITY — The Latest on Tropical Storm Nate (all times local):
8:30 A.M.
Damage caused by Tropical Storm Nate has prompted Costa Rican officials to postpone a World Cup qualifying soccer match between that country and Honduras, which had been scheduled for Friday night.
The president of the Costa Rican Football Federation says the game will now be played Saturday afternoon in San Jose, the Costa Rican capital.
The storm killed at least seven people across Costa Rica.
Only Igbo presidency in 2019 will stop Biafran agitation – Ohaneze youths
The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council, OYC, has declared that the South East zone will not accept anything other a president of Igbo extraction in 2019, saying that it is the only panacea to Biafran agitation raging in the zone.
Rising from its meeting in Enugu, the group said it has activated all machineries towards the actualization of the project.
In a communiqué issued after the meeting and signed by the Secretary General of OYC, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike, the group said Ndigbo would no longer play second fiddle in Nigeria politics.
According to the Ohaneze Youths “it is Igbo president 2019 or Biafra 2020”.
The group described as a “sheer injustice and hatred, a situation where no Igbo has been allowed close to the seat of power for decades of years, whereas other geo-political zones have been taking turns either as military or civilian presidents.
“More annoying is the fact that the North, a major beneficiary in this direction has bluntly refused to heed the call for restructuring, which has been identified as the panacea to the many socio-political problems plaguing the nation.
“Besides, they have also not only continued to express disdain over the demand for Biafra by IPOB and MASSOB, but have also ordered Ndigbo out of the North based on these agitations.
“Remember that former President Obasanjo had urged Nigerians to beg Biafra agitators; and only Nigeria president of Igbo extraction will appease Igbos or Biafra agitation will be inevitable.
“If there is any conspiracy against President of Igbo extraction, that will surely bring Biafra into existence. One now wonders why Ndigbo will continue to be treated in this manner. ‎
“Two days ago, the acting President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo re-echoed the fact that Nigeria is in a marriage. He was quoted as saying that our nation has been in marriage for a while now. Sometimes, there are quarrels within that marriage. Sometimes there is disagreement. What is important is that you must remain together. You must remain united.
“It does appear from the above that Ndigbo have perpetually remained the sacrificial lamb to keep this forced marriage together. They have remained victims of an abusive marriage, often beaten, cheated by the husband.
“We have resolved today that this grave injustice cannot continue. It is Igbo presidency in 2019 with a Vice President from the North or nothing.
“We are not ready any longer to be treated with levity and disdain in this country and for that we are calling on all Igbo sons and daughters both at home and in the Diaspora to key into this project”, the communiqué stated.
Vanguard
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ROCK ISLAND, Ill. — Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on spectators during a fireworks display in western Illinois.
The Rock Island County Sheriff's Office says the branch fell from a large oak tree outside the county courthouse in Rock Island around 9:40 p.m. Tuesday.
Dozens were sitting near the tree watching the fireworks when the branch fell about 25 feet (8 metres) and crushed some of the spectators. Some of those who weren't hurt tried to lift the branch to free the people trapped beneath.
Authorities said 61-year-old Daniel Mendoza Sr. of Rock Island was pronounced dead at the scene. Seventy-two-year-old Lawrence Anderson of Moline died at a hospital.
Authorities have not provided the causes of death.
Five other people were injured.
A trio of Blue Devils and a pair of Blue Angels were chosen to the 2017-18 All-Ohio Valley Conference basketball teams, as selected by the coaches from within the eight-team league.
For the second straight season, Gallia Academy sophomore center Zach Loveday was named to the OVC first team. Loveday was joined on the first team by junior guard Cory Call, who is a first time all-league honoree.
GAHS junior point guard Justin McClelland repeated as an honorable mention for the Blue Devils, who finished second in the conference with an 11-3 record.
For the Blue Angels, sophomore guard Alex Barnes was named first team, after being on the honorable mention portion of the list last season.
GAHS freshman forward Ryelee Sipple was named honorable mention for the Blue Angels, who were sixth in the OVC with a 4-10 record.
Both Coach of the Year awards when to Fairland, with boys coach Nathan Speed winning for a third straight year and girls coach Jon Buchanan winning for the second year in a row.
2017-18 All-Ohio Valley Conference Teams
Girls Basketball
First Team
FAIRLAND (14-0): Emily Chapman**, Sr; Alesha Simpson, Sr; Allie Marshall*, Jr
IRONTON (11-3): Lexie Arden*, So; Lexi Wise***, Sr
COAL GROVE (10-4): Emily Compliment***, Sr; Kasey Murphy*, Sr
CHESAPEAKE (8-6): Natalee Hall**, Sr; Karli Davis, Jr
SOUTH POINT (7-7): Leah Lawson, Sr; Emilee Whitt*, So
GALLIA ACADEMY (4-10): Alex Barnes*, So
PORTSMOUTH (2-12): Jasmine Eley*, Jr
ROCK HILL (0-14): Maddie Scott, Sr
Coach of the Year:
Jon Buchanan, Fairland
Honorable Mention
Kelsie Warnock**, Fairland; Riley Schreck, Ironton; Baylee McKnight, Coal Grove; Brooke Webb*, Chesapeake; Maddy Khounlavong, South Point; Ryelee Sipple, Gallia Academy; Kylisha Kearns, Portsmouth; Lucy Simpson, Rock Hill.
Boys Basketball
First Team
FAIRLAND (14-0): Kollin Van Horn*, Sr; Luke Thomas**, Sr; Isaiah Howell*, Sr
GALLIA ACADEMY (11-3): Zach Loveday*, So; Cory Call, Jr
COAL GROVE (10-4): Aaron Music*, Jr
PORTSMOUTH (8-6): Matthew Fraulini, So; Daniel Jordan*, Sr
SOUTH POINT (5-9): **Tayshaun Fox, Jr; Austin Webb, Fr
CHESAPEAKE (4-10): Eli Archer, Fr
IRONTON (4-10): Ethan Wilson*, Jr
ROCK HILL (1-13): Jaret Bacorn, Sr
Coach of the Year:
Nathan Speed, Fairland
Honorable Mention
Ty Staten**, Fairland; Justin McClelland*, Gallia Academy; Jeb Jones, Coal Grove; D.J. Eley, Portsmouth; Jared Whitt, South Point; Reid Carrico, Ironton; Cole Mills, Chesapeake; Kadin France, Rock Hill.
* — indicates previous league honor.
GAHS junior Justin McClelland (center) drives between teammate Zach Loveday (32) and South Point's Tayshaun Fox (24), during the Blue Devils' win over the Pointers on Feb. 2 in Centenary, Ohio. http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/03/web1_3.13-GA-McClelland.jpg GAHS junior Justin McClelland (center) drives between teammate Zach Loveday (32) and South Point's Tayshaun Fox (24), during the Blue Devils' win over the Pointers on Feb. 2 in Centenary, Ohio. Alex Hawley|OVP Sports
By Alex Hawley ahawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Graphic.com.gh
2017-10-06
President Akufo-Addo
President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo was Friday morning welcomed at Walewale, the capital of the West Mamprusi District in the Northern Region to start his three -day tour of the region.
School children and residents lined up along the main street at Walewale to welcome the President.
Among the entourage from the region who met the president were party functionaries of the ruling New Patriotic Party and members of the Northern Regional Security Council, led by Mr. Salifu Sa-eed, the Northern Regional Minister.
The President is expected to pay a courtesy call on the Nayiri, the overlord of the Mamprugu Traditional Area, Naa Bohagu Mamami Sheriga at Nalerigu in the East Mamprusi District and later the overlord of the Gonja Traditional Area, Yagbonwura Tumtumba Boresa at his palace in Damongo.
The President during his three-day tour of the region which would end on Sunday, October 8, 2017 will also visit Yendi, the traditional capital of the Dagbon state where he is expected to interact with the Regent of Dagbon, the Kampakuya-Na Andani Yakubu Abudulai.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (WFLA) — The Morean Arts Center is leading the charge in St. Petersburg's arts district, which is growing every day.
“Art is this city and this city is art,” said Ciara Sibbick of the Morean Arts Center.
The Morean Center for Clay gives aspiring artists a place to showcase their work. The center in downtown St. Petersburg also gives people who want to try their hand at being creative, a chance to attend workshops, and some of them are free of charge.
“We have drawing, painting, clay, metal working, glass blowing, pretty much anything you want to try you can try here,” said Sibbick.
The Morean Arts Center raises money every year with a party at it's Center for Clay at the beautifully stored historic train station on 22nd Street South, but the event was booked the same weekend Hurricane Irma hit the west coast of Florida.
The fundraiser is now rescheduled for October 21st. You can contact The Morean Arts Center for ticket information about a night filled with great food, music and of course art.
WHAT'S TRENDING ONLINE NOW –
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration is delaying implementation of an Obama-era clean water rule by another two years to give the Environmental Protection Agency and the Army Corps of Engineers more time to do away with it.
The move Wednesday follows a Supreme Court ruling last week that legal challenges to the Waters of the U.S. rule be decided in federal district courts. That will result in the lifting of a stay issued by an appeals court blocking the 2015 rule from going into effect.
By moving the effective date to 2020, the administration buys itself more time to issue a replacement.
The rule expanded the definitions under which wetlands and small waterways are regulated under the Clean Water Act — prompting opposition from agribusiness, mining and industry groups.
Vampire Weekend told fans in an Instagram comment that their album is “94.5%” done. The comment comes after the band announced concerts in Ojai, their first full-sets in four years, telling fans “it's probably worth catching both.” They recently made their return to Instagram after five years and marked a new era changing their profile pictures on Facebook and Instagram.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BjaMXlsAnqt/?taken-by=vampireweekend
The new album follows 2013's, Modern Vampires of the City, and will be their first without founding member Rostam Batmanglij. In a post on his personal account last year, Ezra Koenig released the working title of their upcoming album, Mitsubishi Macchiato, and said “it's a lil more springtime than the last one. guitar's not dead. there are songs (currently) called “Conversation” & “Flower Moon.”
More recently the group made a surprise appearance in LA last month for the show, Running Late, hosted by HQ Trivia's Scott Rogowsky. Koening was initially set to be a guest but brought out the rest of the band to play “Unbelievers,” off of Modern Vampires of the City, and “Cape Cod Kwassa Kwassa,” from their self-titled 2008 debut.
KAWARTHA LAKES, Ont. — Provincial police say one person is in custody after an elderly man was found dead in a burning home in Kawartha Lakes, Ont., on Saturday night.
Police say they were called to the house at about 9:30 p.m., along with firefighters, and found it fully engulfed in flames.
They say that after firefighters extinguished the blaze, the “lifeless body of an elderly male” was found inside.
Police say they took one person into custody in relation to the investigation, but didn't provide any further information.
The Kawartha Lakes OPP Crime Unit is investigating the fire, along with the Office of the Fire Marshal.
Police say they'll release more information as it becomes available, but that at the moment, they don't believe there's any risk to public safety.
$462 Payment For Fighter Jets: House of Reps Mulls Buhari's Impeachment
President Muhammadu Buhari's decision to buy $462 million worth of fighter jets for the military without recourse to the National Assembly has been deemed an “impeachable offence” by the House of Representatives. The House members were left infuriated by the decision after the Speaker, Hon. Yakubu Dogara informed them at plenary by reading a letter […]
The post $462 Payment For Fighter Jets: House of Reps Mulls Buhari's Impeachment appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /socialRegistrationForm *}
Officer Alex explains who he is (and isn't) to an inquisitive child
“Are you Batman?” a child asked me while sitting for a moment in Coolidge Park.
“No,” I said with a good natured smile. “I'm not Batman. Why do you ask?”
“Because Batman wears black, and has a utility belt, and doesn't have superpowers. I think you're Batman,” the boy of around age six said flatly. My smile faded. No superpowers? What the hell?
“Well I don't wear a mask, but I do have superpowers, thank you very much.” Now his smile faded as well.
“Everyone knows who is a Batman really is. You don't need a mask,” he said with surprising confidence. Then, squinting his eyes, he asked, “What is your superpower then?”
“Cynicism,” I said flatly. He tilted his head now, to accompany the squint. “What's that?” he asked.
My smile returned. “It's the ability to always know the truth. It makes my guesses better than anybody else's and keeps me from ever being wrong, or emotionally scarred.”
“Emotions can get scarred?” he asked, doubt giving way to concern.
“Oh, yes! Most of my emotions are scarred actually, so I use cynicism as a blanket around them to protect what's left. That's what my therapist says anyway, but she's a nice lady so I believe her.”
“Is a thare-ah…a therapiss like a doctor?” he asked, still standing in front of me with what I hoped was his (smoking) hot mother in the distance behind him.
“Oh, yes!” I said enthusiastically. “They make policemen talk to them sometimes, so that they can be allowed to come back to work after crazy things happen. They're doctors for your mind.” I paused, considering my own spontaneous utterance. “They like to ask questions. Say, you like to ask questions, too! Maybe you could be a therapist when you grow up?”
Again, the young man fired back without hesitation. “Oh no, I'm going to be an arch-detector like my mom's boyfriend. He draws pictures of buildings and they give him money for it. When you say crazy things, do you mean like when you fight the Joker?”
“I'm not Batman,” I said now with a hint of annoyance, “…but yes. Some bad guys are like the Joker and they do super ultra mega bad things and they make policemen take time off of work so they don't go cray-cray. You can't have cray-cray policemen, or they make a movie out of you and you're sad forever and you have to pick up trash on the side of the road and avoid eye contact with people!” I smiled. “I think being an architect is a really good idea though. You'll be a good one.”
I glanced around the park. “Is your mommy's boyfriend here today?”
“No. He travels a lot. Do you keep your uniform with you in a bag or something so you can put it on if bad guys try to take over your party or fundraiser?”
I maintained my smile, but closed one eye slightly. “Listen. I'm not Batman. I don't have fundraisers. I don't even have credit cards! I work with cash as much as possible to maintain a light digital footprint, but not much of it. Is mommy happy when her boyfriend is gone? Or sad?”
“She seems happy, I dunno, but sometimes I hear her cry at night.” He paused and looked at the radio on my right hip. “Is that how you talk to Commissioner Gordon?”
Now I kept a hint of the smile but raised my eyebrows. “Listen. I'm not Batman. There is no Batman except in comics. People aren't ready for that, plus the only people with mansions like his are politicians and they don't have the stomach for dealing with criminals unless they're giving them money.”
The young man actually nodded and said “That makes sense. It was nice to meet you, but I think we're about to go.” His mother walked up after watching us interact for a bit.
“Hello,” she said with a shy look on her face, chest heaving with anxiety. She smelled of pomegranate lotion and boredom. “I think it's so sweet for you to take the time to talk to my little Harrison like this.” She extended her hand, palm facing slightly downward, a smile building on her face like the sun rising on a cloudless Caribbean morning. “What's your name, Officer?”
“Why, I'm Batman of course,” I said, never missing a beat. “Pleased to meet you.”
When officer Alexander D. Teach is not patrolling our fair city on the heels of the criminal element, he spends his spare time volunteering for the Boehm Birth Defects Center.
WAYNE, Pa. — A woman broke into the Philadelphia-area home of another woman she believed was romantically involved with her husband and killed her before killing herself, authorities said.
Radnor Township police said the slaying of Meredith Chapman, 33, on Monday night was carefully planned by Jennair Gerardot, of Wilmington, Delaware.
“You had a man who was married who was having an affair with this other woman. The wife knew about it, and this was a calculated, planned attack,” Police Superintendent William Colarulo said.
Geradot broke into the house, shot Chapman as soon as she walked in and then she shot herself, Colarulo said.
“There were emails and text messages indicating what she planned to do, and the detectives are still sorting that out,” he said.
Officials believe Gerardot may have disguised herself and taken a train from Delaware, since a wig and other clothing not belonging to Chapman were found in a bag inside the house.
Chapman, a 2007 graduate of the University of Delaware, worked for the school in media relations and marketing and ran unsuccessfully for a state Senate seat in Delaware in 2016. She recently was hired as an assistant vice-president at Villanova University.
Delaware Online reported that less than two hours before she was killed, Chapman said on her Instagram account that she “couldn't be more excited” about her new position.
“Just a week on the job and I'm already feeling the love from #NovaNation! #GoingNova #HigherEdMarketing#NewAdventures.” she posted at 5:42 p.m.
Villanova University spokesman Jonathan Gust said the school was informed Monday night about her death.
“Our hearts are broken by the devastating loss of our new colleague,” he said. “The thoughts and prayers of the entire university community are with her family, friends and colleagues during this extremely difficult time.”
——
This story has been corrected to change the dateline from Radnor to Wayne.
AMES, Iowa (AP) — Donovan Jackson scored 25 points, Lindell Wigginton added 22 and Iowa State upset 15th-ranked West Virginia 93-77 on Wednesday night, sending the short-handed Mountaineers to their fifth loss in six games.
Cameron Lard scored 18 points with 13 rebounds for the Cyclones (12-9, 3-6 Big 12). They took advantage of the absence of West Virginia's Daxter Miles Jr. (illness) by handing the Mountaineers (16-6, 5-4) their biggest defeat since a 23-point blowout at the hands of Texas A&M in the opener.
The Cyclones had West Virginia playing catch-up from the opening tip.
The Mountaineers caught them just once — but were never able to overtake them.
West Virginia fell behind 25-11 after allowing Iowa State to hit 10 of its first 13 shots. The Mountaineers rallied with an 18-4 run, but the Cyclones answered with a 24-11 spurt and went back ahead 53-40.
Iowa State continued its torrid shooting in the second half. Jackson's fifth 3 gave it a 74-60 lead, and Wigginton's drive at the end of the shot clock made it 84-70 with 4:38 left.
The Cyclones committed just eight turnovers against the league's leader in turnover margin despite missing point guard Nick Weiler-Babb to knee tendinitis.
Jevon Carter scored 18 points and Esa Ahmad and Sagaba Konate each had 17 for West Virginia.
THE BIG PICTURE
West Virginia: The Mountaineers aren't exactly in a tailspin, considering its previous four losses came against No. 10 Texas Tech, No. 7 Kansas, TCU and No. 21 Kentucky. But the fact that the Cyclones had no problem breaking their vaunted press without Weiler-Babb in the lineup is a bad sign heading into February. West Virginia clearly missed Miles, who is second on the team with 12.8 points a game.
Iowa State: Coach Steve Prohm had to be encouraged by his team's effort after a 68-45 home loss to Tennessee that left he and his players calling the Cyclones "soft" more than once. Iowa State showed resolve against a team that had won four of the previous five meetings in the series.
POLL IMPLICATIONS
If West Virginia can't beat Kansas State on Saturday, it might find itself on the outside looking in on Monday.
UP NEXT
West Virginia: hosts the Wildcats on Saturday.
Iowa State: plays at Baylor on Saturday.
___
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
The company doesn't go into to too much detail about what the fingerprinting involves, but it stems from a command filtering patent. For the Super Bowl ad and other promos where Amazon already knows what's coming, Amazon will send fingerprints in advance so Alexa can compare input and ignore requests from ads. In situations where Amazon can't predict what will happen (such as a TV segment), it uses dynamic fingerprinting that looks for many simultaneous activations based on the same audio. This won't catch every false request, but it typically stops "80 to 90 percent" of devices from responding. Let's put it this way -- a funny incident shouldn't devolve into national chaos.
Amazon has another technique where it can send an inaudible signal in the 3kHz to 6kHz range to stop Alexa from responding, although that doesn't appear to be in use here.
Unfortunately, the patent suggests that other companies will have to find other ways to screen for unintended input. And that's unfortunate -- just ask anyone who's had a phone go off when a show says "OK Google" or "hey Siri." However, it's good to know that companies are just as annoyed by false responses as you are.
In a story April 14 about a newly named dinosaur, The Associated Press erroneously attached photos from a different fossil dig in Utah. The photos have been removed.
The story is below:
Professors name dinosaur after digging up thousands of bones
University officials say they've named a dinosaur that they found hidden in Utah
MOAB, Utah (AP) — University officials say they've named a dinosaur that they found hidden in Utah.
Brigham Young University professors have created a full picture of the sauropod from thousands of fossilized bones and published a paper Tuesday in the University of Michigan's Contributions from the Museum of Paleontology.
The creature has been named Moabosaurus because it was found near Moab. Like other sauropods, researchers say it was an herbivore with a long neck and tail and a small brain but it was much smaller, at 32 feet.
The paper says the Moabosaurus is 125 million years old and its skeleton was found in a quarry. Geologist Brooks Britt and his team have been excavating the bones since the late 1970s.
The skeleton is on display at BYU's Museum of Paleontology.
Moelogo & Adekunle Gold are choosing to be “Happy” | Listen to their New Single on BN
Best buddies and incredibly talented singer Moelogo and Adekunle Gold team up on their third effort together after Rora Se & Only Girl. This single is titled Happy, produced by Pheelz and is an infectious song that sees both artists singing about a choice to be happy in any situation. Ger “Happy” here Listen below: […]
The post Moelogo & Adekunle Gold are choosing to be “Happy” | Listen to their New Single on BN appeared first on BellaNaija.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HBO's Game of Thrones has suffered a couple of leaks lately, with episodes of the hit show released to the internet before their scheduled air date. According to a new report at AFP News, however, four individuals in India have been arrested, though not for the most recent hack, according to Entertainment Weekly. Deputy Commissioner of Police Akbar Pathan told AFP that the arrest was for "unauthorized publication of the fourth episode from season seven."
2019: Utomi, solution to Delta's devt challenges – Ajobena
By Festus Ahon
ASABA—AHEAD of the 2019 governorship election in Delta State, a former military administrator of Kaduna State and chieftain of All Progressives Congress, APC, in Delta State, Air Vice Marshall, AVM, Frank Adjobena (retd), has said Professor Pat Utomi is the solution to the development challenges confronting the state.
Adjobena, who spoke when Prof. Utomi, APC governorship aspirant, paid him and leaders of APC in Okpe LGA a consultative visit, said: “Leadership goes beyond road construction and payment of workers' salaries. I have looked forward to a day like this, and I am glad that you have shown interest to run for the governorship position of our state. Now you can translate your ideas into practical solutions to solve our development challenges.
“I knew from the moment Prof. Utomi indicated his interest to govern Delta State that the solution to the problems confronting our state has come.
Speaking earlier, Utomi, said: “Developmental challenges facing Delta State are not insurmountable. The problem of the state is injustice and lack of imagination by the political leadership. The problem of Delta State like many parts of Africa is leadership. Therefore effort must be made to bring on board credible leaders in the governance of the state come 2019.”
Decrying what he described as “leadership recession in Africa,” Utomi said “building a great nation is more than roads construction. What makes nation great is developing it's human capital, and until Delta developed it's youthful population and their energy properly harnessed and directed into wealth creation, crime will continue to thrive in the state”.
The post 2019: Utomi, solution to Delta's devt challenges – Ajobena appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
But it was an important year for the Nigeria native nonetheless. His adopted guardian and former coach, Steve Fitzgerald, told Cats Illustrated this week that Abadi-Fitzgerald is happy with how his first year at Kentucky went and he's staying the course.
You probably didn't hear or read too much about true freshman defensive lineman Abdul Abadi-Fitzgerald during the 2017 season, even if you followed Kentucky football closely. The UK coaches mentioned him occasionally in passing, and sources told Cats Illustrated that he was having a positive year of development. But he was off the radar with players seeing reps hogging the spotlight.
"I mean, I think for us and for him it exceeded all of our expectations," Fitzgerald said. "We were just confirmed pretty regularly that we made the right decision, obviously, football wise, but academically and the school setting itself. Everything's been a positive for him."
Abadi-Fitzgerald is, according to his former coach and adopted parent, "a low maintenance kind of guy." Fitzgerald said that has nothing to do with the way he and his wife helped him along after they took him into their home and everything to do with Abadi-Fitzgerald's personality.
"He just does everything he's asked to do and more without anybody telling him to. He's just one of those kids who quietly does his work," he added.
Abadi-Fitzgerald left Nigeria when he was 12 years old. He's seen his father a couple of times since leaving his native land. He hasn't seen his mother.
That's the kind of rare life change that might make the move from high school to college seem like small potatoes, even if it's difficult for most others.
There have never been questions about Abadi-Fitzgerald's outlook, work ethic, character or adaptability. There have been questions about how quickly he will pick up the game of football, however.
He had played a small amount of high school football before leaving for Lexington. Much less than any other player on Kentucky's current roster. He was, both recognized then and now, by everyone who knew about him, as a project. A project if ever there were one.
Abadi-Fitzgerald's mental acumen has helped him pick up the game - "basically just like a sponge," Fitzgerald said - but there's no substitute for experience, for the muscle memory that comes only with repetition and live game action.
Perhaps the most promising aspect of Abadi-Fitzgerald's freshman season in football terms was his physical transformation. Fitzgerald said he would estimate that he arrived at Kentucky at around 260 pounds. He's now close to 285 pounds.
"Oh my gosh, everybody is amazed (by the weight gain). He did everything they said and he did not look out of place at all in the spring game," Fitzgerald said. "We're extremely pleased with everything that's gone on so far."
Some weight gain was expected, but Abadi-Fitzgerald's rapid increase in size has been a surprise on some level.
"I think it's a combination of the diet and the college strength and conditioning program," Fitzgerald said. "He's been here this month and they gave him a workout program and he's in the gym every day while he's home. There have been no days off. He's just that kind of kid. So I don't have any doubt that he's going to be successful.
"How successful he is going to be in football, I don't know. But I know he's going to be successful," Fitzgerald said.
That last statement might strike some as a curious uncertainty, where a lot of parents would boldly insist their own is destined for greatness. But in this case it probably says more about the Fitzgeralds' sense of priority: Life first, and Abadi-Fitzgerald is set up pretty well there. Then football.
Abadi-Fitzgerald pulled a 3.0 grade point average in his first year at Kentucky.
However smart he is, and though his adaptability has been forged by trials and major life upheaval in a unique way, the move to the SEC on the field has been a steep learning curve, especially for someone without much of a football background.
Fitzgerald said that, at some points, there was probably information overload taking place with a new staff conveying new concepts through new terminology.
"The biggest thing for him is just the survival of the fittest mentality at that level of football," Fitzgerald said. "He had one of those breakthrough moments, I believe it was either in the summer or fall camp where a kid was pretty much just trying him every time he got a chance. He would stand over him. At one point, he had enough and just dropped the kid. And at that point everybody kind of realized he took a step forward. He has no idea how big he is."
When Fitzgerald spoke with Mark Stoops and staff members during his trip to Lexington for the spring game, to watch Abadi-Fitzgerald's most significant game action at Kentucky to date, he was told "by everybody" that he's getting better day by day.
"And they say he's a joy to be around," Fitzgerald added. "The future's bright, they say. How long is it going to take? We don't know."
Aside from his intelligence, adaptability and his significant weight gain and body transformation over the last year, Abadi-Fitzgerald has something else going for him in that "survival of the fittest" brawl to carve out a precious piece of playing time, especially long-term.
He's a good kid.
That's not to say others in the program aren't.
"One thing about him, is, he's going to outlast guys because some of them might have trouble academically or behaviorally," Fitzgerald said. "He's just going to keep moving up as some of those guys fall away or graduate. He's just always going to be there, getting better."
Fitzgerald said his adopted son does get frustrated occasionally, in terms of learning his new craft, "because he's a perfectionist." He doesn't like it when something doesn't come to him quickly or naturally.
"But coach (Derrick LeBlanc) has been good about encouraging him to go back and do the extra work to make sure he's up to speed," Fitzgerald said.
While he might get frustrated once in a while, Fitzgerald said he's never heard the rising redshirt freshman mention so much as a negative word.
"From the time we dropped him off in June, we came up and saw him once during the season and we came for the spring game. He came home over Christmas," Fitzgerald said. "We didn't see him a ton and he just went about his business. He does what he's supposed to do and he doesn't complain."
U.S. authorities were concerned with and probing communications between associates of President Donald Trump and suspected Russian intelligence officials in the leadup to the 2016 presidential election, sources familiar with the matter confirm to ABC News.
The news comes just a day after Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn, resigned amid questions about conversations he had with the Russian ambassador during the transition and continuing inquiries about the administration's relationship with Russia.
The New York Times first reported the alleged “repeated contacts” between the associates and Russians in the year leading up to the election. U.S. officials speaking with the Times noted however that there was no evidence of cooperation between the campaign and the Russians to “influence the election.”
A U.S. intelligence report released in January previously noted that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to undermine the November's presidential election and steer American voters to Trump.
In January, Trump denied that he or anyone in his campaign had contact with Russia leading up to the election when asked by ABC News' Cecilia Vega. He has also denied having anything to do with Russia at all.
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 11, 2017
And today, White House press secretary Sean Spicer was asked a similar question by ABC News' Jonathan Karl.
Spicer at first discussed Flynn, but when pressed said: "I don't have any -- I -- there's nothing that would conclude me that anything different has changed with respect to that time period."
Eze's irreplaceable – Laloko
As the remains of veteran journalist late Edwin Eze will be laid to rest in Enugu this weekend, Director of the Pepsi Football Academy, coach Kashimawo Laloko has been speaking on the contributions of the fallen editor to the development the academy in Enugu.
In a chat with Sports Vanguard yesterday, Laloko said, “Edwin helped position the Pepsi Football Academy in Enugu. He was very diligent, very dutiful and he did his job very well.
“We cannot easily find a replacement for Edwin because we may never find anybody like him again.”
Laloko said the Pepsi Academy will be sending a delegation to Enugu for his burial. “We will be fully represented at the burial. Already, we have sent some money to the widow. We will be there with our banners and all.”
On his part, Emma Okocha, a veteran journalist who co-authored a book on Rangers with the late Edwin Eze said the death of the former Rangers International' secretary was a big blow to the Nigerian sports family.
Okocha who was at Vanguard premises yesterday, said, “I have come to mourn with the Nigerian sporting family, including the sports writers on the death of this great man.
“As I am speaking with you now, we have had a meeting with the management of Rangers and have agreed to participate fully in the burial of the last secretary of Rangers.
“Eze did so much for most of those that played for Rangers. He facilitated the rise to stardom of stars like Jay Jay Okocha, Davidson Owumi, Ikechukwu Ofoje among others. He was a great man.”
Tennis buff, Chief Ben Ezeibe also paid glowing tribute to the former Rangers scribe saying, “when I was chairman of the Tennis Association in Anambra State, Edwin did a lot, covering tennis and helped us build the sport. His death is a big blow to us all.”
The post Eze's irreplaceable – Laloko appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
JOHNSON CITY, TN (WJHL) – It's a big weekend for East Tennessee State University as the Bucs football team prepares to face off against Robert Morris tomorrow in the first Homecoming game at their brand new on-campus stadium.
The Bucs are coming off a disappointing loss to Furman last week.
The Bucs last faced Robert Morris two years ago and the Bucs lost during that away game.
But with a lot of community support and momentum surrounding a new beginning for the Bucs, they're hoping to use that to their advantage tomorrow.
Tailgating begins at 8 a.m. with kickoff set for 3:30 p.m.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
Brazen Global has been helping women entrepreneurs in St. Louis grow their businesses for the past four years. The group announced Tuesday it's taking its membership organization for “growth-seeking” women business owners to six more startup cities around the country including: Chicago, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Fort Worth, and Philadelphia.
"We are a startup serving startups,” said Jennifer Ehlen, Brazen Global CEO and president. “Our journey is very similar to the very women entrepreneurs we seek to support.”
Ehlen added that they cast a broad net to find the right partners in new markets for this first expansion of the Brazen brand beyond St. Louis.
"Many women-owned businesses today are innovating in sectors and industries ripe for growth, but they simply don't personally identify as ‘high-growth' or ‘tech' yet,” said Ehlen. “With Brazen's help, we hope women entrepreneurs will realize their growth aspirations, regardless of labels or definitions they choose to wear.”
Women are starting businesses faster than any other segment of the population, according to Ehlen, and women of color are leading the trend. A study published by American Express in 2017 found that 91.4 percent of women-owned firms in U.S. have no employee other than the owner.
With more than 11 million women-owned businesses in the country, Ehlen imagines what could happen if obstacles to growth were removed. “If each of those companies added just one employee to their team, that's more than 11 million jobs that would be created in the U.S. economy. That's more employment growth than in 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017 combined. That's the opportunity we hope to unlock by expanding Brazen into new markets.”
Brazen offers evidence-based membership programs to anyone who identifies as female and "growth-seeking," including:
Growth Groups: Brazen's flagship program are peer advisory groups of seven to nine female entrepreneurs that meet monthly to present their greatest business challenges and work through solutions.
Power Hours: Brazen Members can schedule an appointment with a legal, accounting, marketing or IT/tech expert every month.
Member Events and Roundtables: These monthly events bring together sister CEOs to learn more about business growth strategies and get inspired.
"Our ultimate goal is to create a global network of women-led businesses and supporters that can connect across geographies to grow their companies," said COO and co-founder, Aimee Muirnin Dunne. "It's time to boldly grow our businesses. No apologies."
Brazen is launching its local programs with the support of acting directors in each market, including Kristin Fox in Chicago, Jasmin Brand in Dallas-Fort Worth, Olivia Omega in Denver, Monica Wheat in Detroit and Bonnie Bogle in Philadelphia. Brazen continues to operate in its founding market, St. Louis, with executive director Mindy Mazur.
Follow Melody on Twitter: @melodybird
375VM2 from Viers Folks
Just curious with 40 plus 375 VM2s built and everyone always refers to them as a baseline to other wildcats how come you don't hear much discussion on them as far as preformance pros and cons.
Cheers
oneshot.onehit __________________oneshot.onehit
LAS VEGAS — Stephen Paddock usually kept a cigar at hand, even though he didn't smoke. But he was quick to notice when somebody sat down beside him and lit up.
Then Paddock, a denizen of hazy casinos, would take out his cigar, light it and carefully aim its smoke back into the faces of those whose puffing annoyed him.
“He was the king of microaggression,” said his brother, Eric.
Last week, Stephen Paddock returned to the Las Vegas Strip, where he spent many hours and thousands of dollars at high-limit video poker machines, and eyed the fun-seekers crowding his oasis. But this time he did so from a 32nd floor casino hotel suite. Then he smashed open a pair of windows with a hammer and opened fire with a carefully assembled arsenal, killing 58 fans gathered at an outdoor country music concert and injuring 500 more before killing himself.
Investigators and those who knew the 64-year-old former accountant and real estate investor say they cannot fathom what drove him to slaughter. Authorities, who have been trying to track Paddock's movements before the massacre, say there is evidence he also scoped out recent music festivals in Chicago and Boston. So far, though, they say there is no indication that any one incident or grievance turned the sometimes prickly high-stakes gambler into an executioner.
Paddock remains a cipher. But details that have surfaced so far about this murderer — a one-time IRS agent, a boyfriend recalled as both caring and caustic, son of a notorious bank robber — are clues, at least, to his mindset. Unlike most mass shooters, who are usually younger, he was the product of decades of experience and rumination.
Paddock made his living playing machines that reward those who set aside emotion in favour of calculus. He was a methodical planner who paid close attention to other people's behaviour, according to those who knew him. And those traits, assets to a gambler, may well have made him more deadly, criminologists said.
Paddock moved from coast-to-coast over the years, but his story began and ended in the desert Southwest.
The oldest of four brothers, he was raised in Tucson, Arizona. When he was 7, his father, Benjamin Hoskins Paddock, tried to run down an FBI agent during a pursuit in Las Vegas. After the elder Paddock was caught and charged with a string of Phoenix bank robberies, agents came to the family's house to search for evidence.
A neighbour, Eva Price, took little Stephen swimming while agents combed through the home.
“We're trying to keep Steve from knowing his father is held as a bank robber,” she told the Tucson Citizen at the time. “Steve is a nice boy. It's a terrible thing.”
Benjamin Paddock was sentenced to 20 years in a Texas federal prison. But he escaped and spent a decade on the run, landing him on the FBI's Most Wanted List.
A wanted posting from 1969 described the older Paddock as an avid bridge player who went by numerous aliases and had been diagnosed as psychopathic. The FBI described him as egotistical, arrogant and a frequent gambler, according to an article that year in the Arizona Republic.
“He reportedly has suicidal tendencies and should be considered armed and dangerous,” the agency warned.
Paddock's mother moved with her sons to Southern California. Paddock's brothers said they had little interaction with their father after his arrest. They recall that their mother, who worked as a secretary, did her best to raise the boys on her own, even when times were tight.
At John H. Francis Polytechnic High School, Paddock was a brainy kid, but defied the geek stereotype by dressing more like a hippie, said Richard Alarcon, a former classmate who went on to serve on the Los Angeles City Council. The other thing that set Paddock apart was his “irreverence toward authority,” Alarcon said.
For a school contest, Paddock and other students were assigned to design bridges using no more than a specified amount of wood and no glue, in a bid to build the strongest structure.
Paddock's bridge “was like a brick, he put so much glue in it and he used so much more wood than he was supposed to,” Alarcon said. “But he didn't care … It was like he just wanted to build the best bridge ever, regardless of what the rules were.”
Paddock earned a degree in business administration from California State University, Northridge, in 1977, a school official said. He then spent a decade working for the federal government, first as a mail carrier, then an IRS agent for six years and, finally, as a defence auditor, according to the government's Office of Personnel Management.
He married and divorced twice, remaining on good terms with both former wives, family member say, and left government work to become an accountant for a defence contractor.
Around the same time, he began investing in real estate, eventually buying and selling properties in California, Florida, Nevada and Texas. Eric Paddock said he and his brother had bought and sold some of those properties together and that Stephen Paddocks' real estate and gambling exploits had turned him into a multimillionaire.
He lived in some of those properties. But neighbours said they saw little of him.
When Paddock bought a house in Brevard County, Florida in 2013, he told neighbours he lived in Las Vegas, but wanted the home as a base to search for a place for his mother. He gave next-door neighbour Don Judy a set of keys and asked him to check the place when he wasn't around. Inside, Judy noticed, the place was outfitted sparsely, almost like a dorm room, with minimal furniture but two computers. Paddock showed Judy's wife a laptop on which he'd just won $20,000 betting online.
“He said he was a gambler by trade, a speculator,” Judy said.
At the Atlantis Casino in Reno, one of Paddock's regular haunts, he met Marilou Danley, a high-limit hostess there from 2010 to 2013, and they became a couple. Neighbors near Reno said as recently as this summer, they saw Paddock's girlfriend gardening in the front yard of a house he owned or taking Zumba classes at the community clubhouse. She'd wave and say hi, but none knew of her being close to anyone on the block — a fact that struck some as odd in a close-knit neighbourhood of friendly older adults, many retired. All said they almost never saw Paddock.
He had a second home in Mesquite, Nevada, where neighbours recalled seeing little of Paddock after he bought a house on a cul-de-sac.
Siblings of both Paddock and Danley said they shared a loving relationship. In a statement released by her lawyer, Danley — who said Paddock sent her to the Philippines about two weeks before the shooting — described him as “a kind, caring, quiet man. I loved him and I hoped for a quiet future together with him.”
Danley said Paddock had wired her $100,000 in recent weeks and told her to buy a house for her family in the Philippines.
But workers at a casino Starbucks in Mesquite that the couple frequented say Paddock often scolded his girlfriend in public.
“He would glare down at her and say — with a mean attitude — ‘You don't need my casino card for this. I'm paying for your drink, just like I'm paying for you.' Then she would softly say, ‘OK' and step back behind him. He was so rude to her in front of us,” the store's supervisor, Esperanza Mendoza, told the Los Angeles Times.
Others who crossed paths with Paddock in recent months described him as despondent and smelling of alcohol.
When Paddock came into a Reno car dealership late this summer, he told salesman Scott Armstrong he was depressed and had relationship troubles.
“When's the last time somebody told you their life was miserable? It sticks with you,” Armstrong said.
Still, investigators said they are finding little to explain what drove him to mass murder. He had no known criminal record, and so far investigators have not disclosed any evidence that he had struggled financially or otherwise.
On the contrary, his brother and professional gamblers say, his poker wagers paid off not just in winnings but with perks like free hotel rooms and poolside cabanas.
Most of Nevada's video poker machines are in bars, set up there for drinkers can play from their stools for 25 cents a hand. But Paddock favoured high-dollar machines, separated from the rest of the casino, where top players rely on mathematical strategy to shrug off losses while playing for a big payoff.
Paddock, usually dressed in a button-up shirt and a pair of pants that “looked like he'd had it on for a few days,” would sit for hours, often placing bets of $100 or more, rarely talking with anyone else but clearly conscious of his surroundings, said John Weinreich, a former executive casino host at Reno's Atlantis.
The gambler had a “God complex,” he said, and expected quick service no matter how busy the staff was.
He said Paddock had a habit of staring at other people, as if silently challenging them to a contest. One high roller — an even bigger player than Paddock — told Weinreich it gave her the creeps.
“It was just his demeanour. It was like, ‘I'm here. Don't cross me. Don't look at me too long,”‘ Weinreich said.
Eric Paddock said his brother was generous with the privileges the casinos bestowed on him. He recalled how during one trip to Las Vegas, Stephen ordered them a sushi meal that must've been worth $1,000, but was paid for by a casino. During that same outing, though, Stephen Paddock turned abruptly and demanded that his brother go get him a sandwich.
“That's the cost of being with Steve,” he said.
Eric Paddock said he knew his brother owned a few handguns, but not so many that he'd call him a collector. But investigators say Paddock had bought 33 firearms in the last year alone, mostly rifles.
When Paddock visited B&S Guns in Garland, Texas, last year with his girlfriend, he asked whether there was a way to modify a gun to make it easier to pull the trigger, owner Paul Peddle said. Peddle recalled that Paddock had purchased handguns there before, had his license in order and seemed like a nice enough guy. Danley, who was walking with a cane at the time after surgery, played with Peddle's puppies while her boyfriend asked questions. And when it was time to go, Paddock walked her to the car and helped her to get in.
“He was very charismatic with her, very sweet,” Peddle said.
When Paddock checked into the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino last week, he requested a room on a higher floor, but was told nothing was available. Then a room freed up and managers moved him to a 1,700-square-foot suite on the 32nd floor. It lists for $590 a night. But as a big bettor, Paddock got it on the house.
Security appears to have paid little notice as he moved a series of bags containing 23 guns to the room. But they did respond to his complaints about loud music from a family staying in the room just below.
On Sunday night, Paddock donned black pants and a black glove and took his place before the floor-to-ceiling windows looking down at the crowd listening to country singer Jason Aldean. Outside the door of the room, he placed a camera in a catering cart and another in the door's peephole to keep an eye on those who might approach from behind.
It added up to a carefully conceived plan designed for maximum carnage.
In a chilling but unforeseen way, it echoed his deliberate approach to video poker. But those who saw how Paddock prided himself on his casino prowess and the perks it brought him said it made it that much harder to reconcile with the notion that he would target that very world for destruction.
“Girls brought him drinks. They served him big shrimp … They put him up in fancy hotel rooms,” Eric Paddock said this week, standing outside his home in Orlando, Florida.
“No affiliation, no politics, he never cared about any of that stuff,” the shooter's brother said. “He just wanted to get a fricken' royal flush.”
——
Cooper reported from Reno, Nevada; Balsamo from Las Vegas, and Geller from New York. Also contributing were Astrid Galvan in Tucson, Arizona; Ken Ritter in Las Vegas, Claudia Lauer in Garland, Texas; Tamara Lush and Terrance Harris in Orlando, Florida; Don Thompson in Sacramento, California; and Eric Tucker in Washington, D.C.
BAGHDAD — As Iraq emerges from three years of war with the Islamic State group, the U.S. is looking to roll back the influence of neighbouring Iran and help the central government resolve its dispute with the Kurdish region, the American envoy to the country told The Associated Press.
U.S. Ambassador Douglas Silliman took up his post in Baghdad in September 2016, just weeks before the start of the operation to retake the northern city of Mosul. With IS now driven out of all the territory it once held and Iraq's declaration that the war against the extremists is over, he says Washington is focused on keeping the peace and rebuilding, and sees Iran's influence as a problem.
“Iran simply does not respect the sovereignty of its neighbours,” Silliman said. “The Iranians have — to some extent — assisted the government of Iraq in defeating ISIS,” he said, using an alternative acronym for IS. “But frankly I have not seen the Iranians donating money for humanitarian assistance, I have not seen them contributing to the U.N. stabilization program.”
Iran gained major influence in Iraq after the 2003 U.S.-led invasion toppled Saddam Hussein's Sunni-led dictatorship and empowered the country's Shiite majority.
When IS swept across northern and central Iraq in the summer of 2014, Iran-backed militias mobilized in the country's defence, providing a bulwark in many areas while the beleaguered armed forces were rebuilt. The now state-sanctioned paramilitaries, known as the Popular Mobilization Forces, consist of tens of thousands of mostly Shiite fighters deployed across the country. Victories against IS have made their leaders increasingly powerful.
The Trump administration has called for the paramilitary forces to disband after the IS fight is complete. It has also vowed to take a much tougher line on Iran, threatening to pull the U.S. out of the landmark 2015 nuclear agreement and levying sanctions on Iran's powerful Revolutionary Guard.
Iraq is meanwhile seeking external support for reconstruction after the war, which the government says caused an estimated $100 billion in damage. Some 3 million Iraqis are still displaced, months after major fighting ended.
The Trump administration has made clear that the $14.3 billion military campaign against IS will not be replaced with a similarly funded reconstruction effort. International aid organizations are instead looking to wealthy Gulf states.
“Iraq is coming out of a difficult period where there had been a lot of economic destruction, lots of social disruption and we think that it is important for Iraq to have good, positive relationships with all of its neighbours, and Iran is included in that,” Silliman said.
He said the U.S. was encouraged by recent Iraqi efforts to reach out to Saudi Arabia and Jordan, allies that it hopes will play a bigger role in the country going forward.
The U.S. is also hoping to help calm tensions between the central government and the northern Kurdish region following a September independence referendum that was rejected by Baghdad. Federal forces clashed with Kurdish fighters in October as Baghdad retook disputed territories that the Kurds had seized from IS.
“The relatively modest role we are playing is to help both sides find ways to walk through the door of discussions,” Silliman said, explaining that while both sides support “the idea” of discussions, negotiations to end the crisis have not yet begun.
‘What we know about ‘arrested' Borno council chair'
The Ministry for Local Government and Emirate Affairs, which supervises chairmen of the 27 local government areas in Borno State, has described the arrest of the Chairman of Mafa council, Shettima Lawan Mafa, as a “a very worrisome twist”.
Mafa was at the weekend arrested for his alleged connection with the Boko Haram insurgency.
It noted that contrary to media reports, the chairman wasn't arrested but reported himself to the military.
The Commissioner for Local Government and Emirate Affairs, Usman Ali Zanna, however said the ministry neither questioned the judgment and authority of the military nor exonerated Mafa of any wrongdoing so as not to pre-empt the outcome of ongoing investigation.
He said: “If not because of media reports on this matter, the ministry would not have said anything because the matter is being investigated. But this statement has become necessary in order to put some records straight.
“First of all, contrary to reports, the chairman in question was not arrested but reported himself to the military command after he got information that he was needed by the military.
“Secondly, contrary to reports that Mafa was arrested at the 1,000 housing estate on Maiduguri-Damaturu road, there was never any issue at the estate. Mafa lives at 505 housing estate located on Dikwa and Mafa road.
“The chairman actually reported himself to the military last week and was detained pending the outcome of ongoing investigations.
“This development is a worrisome twist. It is a twist because, for years, Mafa has been known for his courage in joining hunters in the fight against Boko Haram insurgents. His commitment in the fight against terrorism is known to army commanders who have served in Mafa in the last two years. The like of Major Manga can bear testimony to this and it is mainly due to his passion that he was reappointed caretaker Chairman of Mafa.
“We assure citizens of the 27 council areas; other concerned Nigerians and the international community that we are usually very thorough in identifying those appointed, either as local government chairmen, ward councillors, traditional rulers, vigilantes and members of the Civilian JTF deployed in the 27 councils.
“As can be confirmed by security agencies, we do not engage any youth as vigilance members or in the Civilian JTF, unless he or she is verified by the Department of State Services (DSS).
“We anxiously look forward to the outcome of the investigation while we shall abide by Governor Kashim Shettima's stand that anyone found having any connection with insurgents is an enemy of Borno State and its people.”
The post ‘What we know about ‘arrested' Borno council chair' appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Jerusalem Christian Church is a Disciples of Christ denominational church that is nestled among a strip mall along the hustle and bustle of Kaliste Saloom and Ambassador Caffrey. This church, though small, carries a very courageous title as one of the only churches in the Lafayette area to be open and affirming, as well as one of the only Christian denominations in the state to stake that claim.
Approximately six years ago, a group of churches under the Disciples of Christ denomination collectively motioned to be open and affirming; a movement that was almost unanimously accepted. The Disciples of Christ denomination itself now teaches that LGBT people are neither sinners nor mentally ill, but rather that they are made just as God intended them to be in His image.
Considered to be “neo-Catholics,” the Disciples of Christ denomination follows more traditional Christian practices, such as service with communion on Sundays. Services follow the same traditional values, aligning closely with Catholic services. The main differences are in the way God, Jesus, and His teachings are taught and interpreted. In the Disciples of Christ Church, the Bible is not taken as law, but rather as Ashley Sherard, a minister at Jerusalem Christian Church, put it, “lives on her heart.” It is more freely interpreted to the individual and modern life, rather than sticking to meanings intended for people who lived more than 3,000 years ago.
Minister Sherard has said that being “open” means the church welcomes any and all LGBT people to its services and practices. “Affirming” serves to announce that not only are members of the LGBT community welcome, they are accepted and considered to be children of God just as any other member of the church.
Sherard is not unused to having to defend LGBT people from other denominations and those who hold different views of them. In her words, “My God does not hate anyone. To say that God hates someone or a certain type of person is the real sin against Him.” Many LGBT people seek refuge in this open and accepting environment when other churches will attempt to shame them or “turn” them straight or “normal.” The church is not only for the LGBT community, though, as anyone from any background, class, or community is welcome to attend services and events.
Sherard is also an active supporter of the LGBT community outside of her ministry as well. She is a known ally and supporter of the University of Louisiana at Lafayette's Giving Love, Acceptance, Safety and Support, an LGBT and straight ally organization. Sherard has offered her services at events such as the Transgender Week of Remembrance Vigil and also comes as a guest speaker every year to let members of the organization know there is a religious community where they will be accepted and safe to worship without judgement or being ostracized.
Services at the Jerusalem Christian Church are at 10 a.m. every Sunday, and its members are always happy to answer any questions someone may have about their denomination, their services or their open and affirming teachings and beliefs.
Related
play videoSome Ghanaians shared their fondest and funny memories of their teachers
On Thursday, October 5, 2017, the world celebrated Teachers' Day, a day set aside to honour the hard work of teachers worldwide. The day was marked on the theme: “Teaching in Freedom, Empowering Teachers.”
President of National Association of Graduate Teachers (NAGRAT), Christian Addai-Poku renewed calls for World Teachers Day to be declared a holiday in Ghana.
Speaking on the AM show on Joy News channel, Mr. Addai-Poku said, “Today is our day but unfortunately we are being asked to go into the classroom and teach.”
Hitting the streets of Accra, some Ghanaians shared their fondest and funny memories of their teachers when they were in school.
قالب وردپرس
Comments
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates — Leading Emirati rights activist Ahmed Mansoor has been sentenced to 10 years in prison and fined 1 million dirhams, or about $272,000, for criticizing the government in social media posts, local news reports said Wednesday.
The National, an Abu Dhabi-based newspaper, reported that Mansoor was found guilty of insulting the “status and prestige of the UAE” and its leaders. It said Mansoor can appeal the State Security Court ruling through the Federal Supreme Court.
Another UAE outlet, the Dubai-based Gulf News said the defendant, identified only as “AMS” by his initials, will be under surveillance for three years after prison. It said the defendant, who had a court-appointed lawyer, was convicted on Tuesday of defaming the United Arab Emirates on Twitter and Facebook.
He was acquitted on other charges of co-operating with a “terrorist organization” outside the country, news reports said.
Human Rights Watch condemned Mansoor's sentencing, saying it exposes the UAE's inability “to tolerate the mildest of criticisms from a genuine reformer.”
“A 10-year sentence for ‘defaming' the UAE is all you need to know about the brutality and repression beneath the Emirates' gilded facade,” said Sarah Leah Whitson, Mideast director at HRW.
Mansoor was the recipient of the prestigious Martin Ennals Award for Human Rights Defenders in 2015. He was also a member of Human Rights Watch's advisory committee on the Mideast and North Africa and a member of the Gulf Center for Human Rights' advisory board.
He was arrested in March 2017 when security forces raided his home in the emirate of Ajman, confiscating computers and phones.
Amnesty International said his iPhone had been targeted using elite spyware in an attempt to turn it into a tracking device and find out who his contacts were. The incident led to Apple issuing a security update to the iPhone in August 2016, according to Amnesty.
In the weeks leading up to his arrest, Mansoor had criticized the imprisonment of other activists in the UAE, including Nasser bin-Ghaith, an academic and economist who was sentenced to 10 years after his criticism of Emirati and Egyptian authorities.
Human Rights Watch previously reported that Mansoor had also used Twitter to draw attention to rights violations committed by the Saudi-led coalition at war in Yemen, of which the UAE is an active member.
The charges Mansoor was found guilty of apparently fall under the country's 2012 cybercrimes law, which HRW says authorities in the UAE have used to imprison numerous activists.
Mansoor had previously been detained in 2011 and sentenced to three years in prison for insulting top officials. He was pardoned later that year by the country's president, Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, but was banned from travelling abroad.
"HE WAS still in the house."
It was the moment that brought Lagoon Pocket dad Col Gamble to tears, as he recalled the rush to grab his six-year-old son Linc as flames began to engulf the family home on New Year's Day.
"Our six-year-old, he was in our bedroom, on the bed, playing his iPad," Mr Gamble said.
"We had two teenagers playing pool in the lounge room, and another bloke was lying on his bed asleep."
They were all oblivious to a fire under the house and in the kitchen.
Fire crews work desperately to contain the house fire at Lagoon Pocket Jacob Carson
Mr Gamble was manning the barbeque at the back patio with the rest of the family at 10am when someone noticed smoke billowing from beneath the house.
"We went running up under the house there, and there were flames pouring out under the house," he said.
Col Gamble outside of the remains of his house. Jacob Carson
Multiple fire extinguishers failed to beat back the fire, and when someone tried the hose there was no water pressure because the power had gone out.
"We ran up into the house and started yelling at people, and all the front of the house was on fire, all the kitchen; it was up the walls."
With the kids out of the house, Mr Gamble's next priority was to get his explosive ammunition away from the blaze.
Fire crews work desperately to contain the house fire at Lagoon Pocket Jacob Carson
"I had a couple of guns in the gun safe there, and a heap of ammunition in there and gunpowder and everything else," he said.
"I got as much of that out as I could."
They also managed to save a dog and her four pups, which had all been under the house when the fire broke out.
Mr Gamble said the house was engulfed within minutes of the family's escape.
"A minute and a half, two minutes and it was all over," he said.
He attempted to save a car that had been parked under the house.
OVERWHELMED: Col Gamble and the smouldering remains of his family home. Jacob Carson
"I opened the door up and the flames were coming back down over the top of it, so I just thought bugger that."
Then there was nothing they could do but watch their home of five years burn to the ground.
The family escaped with virtually nothing - Mr Gamble didn't have a shirt or shoes, only the football shorts he was wearing.
But he said the fire could have taken much more if it had struck while the household was asleep.
"There was about 14 of us in the house at the time," he said. "If it'd happened at four o'clock in the morning, it could have been a different story."
The house was insured, and Mr Gamble said they escaped the inferno with the most important thing.
"You can replace everything, but you can't replace lives," he said.
"We got out, and we're all together."
He said the whole family was still "pretty shaken up", and was staying at a friend's home after the disaster.
As Mr Gamble spoke to The Gympie Times, a steady stream of well-wishers came by the house or called to offer their help.
"It's a little bit overwhelming, the generosity of people," Mr Gamble said.
"We've had people offer us houses, we've had someone offer us a car."
BELLEVILLE, Ont. — Alexander Volkov had two goals and two assists and Mitchell Stephens struck twice as the Syracuse Crunch extended their win streak to nine games with a 6-0 victory over the Belleville Senators on Saturday in American Hockey League action.
Connor Ingram only had to make 18 saves to earn the shutout for the Crunch (13-9-3), who also got goals from Anthony Cirelli and Jamie McBain.
Danny Taylor allowed four goals on 18 shots through two periods of work for the Senators (10-12-3), Ottawa's AHL affiliate. Chris Driedger stopped 6-of-8 shots in relief.
Syracuse went 2 for 4 on the power play while Belleville failed to score on eight chances with the man advantage.
LONDON — Ireland says it will begin collecting more than 13 billion euros ($15.9 billion) of back taxes from Apple, 19 months after the European Commission ruled that a tax deal with the tech giant amounted to illegal state aid.
The Commission ordered Ireland to collect back taxes for the years 2003-2014, which it estimated at 13 billion euros plus interest. Ireland disagreed, saying the ruling undermined the integrity of the country's tax system.
But Finance Minister Paschal Donohoe says he will on Tuesday sign an agreement setting up the escrow account that will hold the payments while Apple and Ireland appeal. The payments should be completed by September.
Donohoe says the government “fundamentally disagrees with the ruling,” but “Ireland is intent on complying with our binding legal obligations in this regard.”
Biafra: It is not wrong for people to agitate – Umahi
Chairman, South-East Governors' Forum and Governor of Ebonyi State, Dave Umahi has stated that it is within the fundamental human rights of people to agitate. Governor Umahi made this disclosure while fielding questions on behalf of the South-East delegation that met with the Acting President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, in a closed-door session at the Old […]
Biafra: It is not wrong for people to agitate – Umahi
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
For Sale……2 Office Chairs..Assembled…..731-225-4461
Want to Buy….TV Antenna………586-2884
For Sale….Wooden Door w/ Glass…79 by 32 IN…$25.00….584-8668
Want Someone to do ironing…584-8693
For Sale…..26″ Sayno Flatscreen TV with wall mount…..$85.00
AM/FM Boombox $10.00……………584-5380
THE HAGUE, Netherlands — Dutch police say four people have been killed in a collision between a minibus and a truck in the southern town of Helmond.
Police in the East Branbant region say in a tweet that four people travelling in the minibus were killed in the accident Monday in the town 125 kilometres (78 miles) southeast of Amsterdam. The driver of the truck was seriously injured.
The cause of the accident and further details were not immediately available.
WASHINGTON (AP) — US consumer prices rose 0.6 percent in January, the biggest increase in nearly four years.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. — Jerrick Harding scored 29 points and Dusty Baker added 17, including a career-high tying five 3-pointers, to help Weber State beat Northern Arizona 87-55 on Saturday night.
Harding made 5 of 7 from 3-point range and finished 11-of-15 shooting. Ryan Richardson had 16 points and Zach Braxton scored 10 for Weber State (15-7, 8-2 Big Sky Conference). The Wildcats have won five in a row and eight of their last nine.
Harding scored 10 points, including two 3s, during a 19-3 run that made it 23-7 about nine minutes in and Weber State led by double figures the rest of the way. Baker hit a 3-pointer to spark a 16-0 spurt that pushed the lead to 41 points with four minutes to play.
Torry Johnson had 17 points, Karl Harris scored 11 and Corey Brown added 10 for Northern Arizona (4-20, 1-10). The Lumberjacks have lost three in a row and 10 of their last 11.
Weber State hit 13 3-pointers and shot 60 per cent from the field.
(Reuters) - An Oklahoma man attempted to detonate what he believed was a 1,000-pound bomb outside a bank building in Oklahoma City as part of an anti-government plot, according to a criminal complaint.
Jerry Drake Varnell, 23, was arrested by the FBI after an undercover agent posed as a co-conspirator and agreed to help him build the explosive. Varnell had initially planned to bomb the Federal Reserve in Washington, D.C., in a manner similar to the 1995 bombing of a federal building in Oklahoma City, that killed 168 people, according to the complaint.
(Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Billie Lourd has spoken out about the death of her mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds.
The actress, 24, took to Instagram on Monday to thank fans for their support, writing that their prayers have given her strength.
“Receiving all of your prayers and kind words over the past week has given me strength during a time I thought strength could not exist,” she wrote. “There are no words to express how much I will miss my Abadaba and my one and only Momby. Your love and support means the world to me.”
Along with the heartfelt message, Lourd posted a vintage photo of herself making a silly face as her mother and grandmother smiled for the camera.
Fisher, 60, was aboard an 11-hour flight from London to Los Angeles on Friday, Dec. 23, when she went into cardiac arrest. Paramedics removed her from the flight and rushed her to a nearby hospital, where she died on Dec. 27.
Just one day later, on Dec. 28, Reynolds was rushed to the hospital due to a possible stroke. She died hours later at the age of 84.
Reynolds' son, Todd Fisher, told 20/20 that the family plans to bury the the two actresses together in a joint funeral.
NORFOLK, Va. — Randy Haynes scored 16 points with four 3-pointers, B.J. Stith, Ahmad Caver and Xavier Green added 11 points apiece, and Old Dominion held off UAB 65-60 on Saturday night.
Trey Porter scored 10 points with nine rebounds for the Monarchs (17-5, 8-2 Conference USA), who scored 23 points off of 18 Blazers turnovers.
Chris Cokley scored eight straight and UAB led 39-34 early in the second half, but the Monarchs stayed close and led 52-51 on Caver's 3 with 5:19 to go. The lead traded hands until Porter's jumper put Old Dominion up 60-58 with 1:58 left. UAB closed to 63-60 on Nick Norton's layup with eight seconds left, but B.J. Stith iced it with two free throws and Norton's 3 at the buzzer missed.
Old Dominion led 30-29 at halftime on Haynes' 3-pointer after eight lead changes and 10 ties.
Cokley scored 16 points, Zack Bryant had 14 and William Lee 10 for the Blazers (15-9, 6-5).
NEW YORK — On college campuses and in workplaces, across social media and in deference to non-binary people, gender-neutral pronouns are more than just a new wave of political correctness.
They're the focus of debate that stretches back hundreds of years.
Early word coiners were usually more concerned with grammatical correctness over a keen commitment to inclusivity in avoiding the generic “he” and singular “they” as a replacement, said professor Dennis Baron, who specializes in the history of the English language at the University of Illinois in Champaign-Urbana.
But as the women's rights movement grew in the late 19th century, so did interest in “common-gender” pronouns. They were a hot topic then as they are now.
Feminist leaders argued, amid an effort to make “he” a generic, that such a broadening of gender scope automatically made women worthy of the vote. In 1884, the invented pronoun “thon” was publicized by the coiner, C.C. Converse, as an expedient pronoun for all genders.
“Thon made a lot of headlines. It was discussed nationally. But most of these words were kind of flash in the pan words that got invented locally and went nowhere,” Baron said.
Converse's word was a blend of “that” and “one.” Among the reasons he cited for creating it was to hide gender altogether or when gender was unknown, Baron said.
The struggle for neutral pronouns reared at other times as well.
In 1886, a Maryland Supreme Court decision found that “he” in a state statute covering admission to the bar referred only to males, precluding women from practicing law. In 1916, self-avowed experts declared that the use of “he” in reference to a particular section of the U.S. Constitution barred women from serving in Congress. The argument didn't hold and Montana's Jeanette Rankin became the first woman elected to the House, said Baron, who tweets on language issues as @DrGrammar and has written a book, “Grammar and Gender.”
Before Rankin, in 1789, William H. Marshall recorded the existence of the singular “ou,” as in “Ou (ooh) will,” Baron said. It expressed either “he will,” “she will” or “it will.” There are references to “ou” as an indeterminate pronoun as early as 1792, but it didn't widely catch on.
Both the Oxford English Dictionary and Joseph Wright's English Dialect Dictionary included the use of “a” for “he,” “she,” “it,” “they” and even “I,” he said.
By 1808, invented pronouns were flying, met by the grammar establishment with disdain. “It was like, get a life, don't quit your day job,” Baron joked.
Further back, by the 12th and 13th centuries, masculine and feminine pronouns developed to a point where, according to the OED, they were “almost or wholly indistinguishable in pronunciation,” beginning as “he (hay), heo (hayo) and hit (hit). The H's slowly grew silent, rendering them neutrals. The modern feminine “she” first appears in the mid-12th century, seemingly — at least in part — to fight against ambiguity over gender, Baron said.
Baron has collected more than 100 pronouns, invented or repurposed, making the rounds today, and the list is growing.
“From what I can see the invented pronouns are interesting but they're use is limited,” he said.
Among today's words that already existed, the singular “they” is winning the popularity contest as a gender neutral, Baron said. The American Dialect Society named it word of the year in 2015, but the word first surfaced as a neutral singular pronoun as far back as the 17th century, to the dismay of some grammarians at a time when “thee, thou, thy” began falling by the wayside.
“One of the advantages today is that it's already there,” Baron said of “they.”
Among invented options: Ze/hir (Tyler ate hir food because ze was hungry) — ze pronounced like “zee” and hir as “here.”
Similar early efforts on neutrality caused a dustup in 1912, reported the Chicago Tribune. Ella Flagg Young, who was that city's schools superintendent and president of the National Education Association, claimed to have invented “he'er, him'er, his'er and his'er's. She made headlines when she used them in a speech before school principals, earning gasps from the crowd.
Fred S. Pond of Chicago didn't take kindly to the notion that Young came up with the words, saying he proposed “he-er, his-er, him-er, hisers and himerself” in a letter to the Mansfield, Ohio, News-Journal, published March 21, 1911, Baron said.
Young later admitted to discussing the words with Pond before her speech, offering him joint credit. Pond's reasoning: The generic “he” is inadequate, the singular “they” substitutes one “error” for another and the construction “he or she” is awkward. He acknowledged that his blends of masculine and feminine “sound strange and perchance ludicrous” but eventually would “enable the speaker — whoever he-er may be — to be correct and intelligible.”
Other languages are also taking on the pronoun wars. They include Swedish. A gender-neutral pronoun was accepted into the Swedish Academy Dictionary about three years ago.
Many English speakers today have no idea that neutral pronouns were on the cultural radar centuries ago, Baron said.
“The question today is are we in a blip or is this going to get stronger,” he said. “What's working against it getting stronger is the lack of agreement on what pronoun. If everybody got behind one pronoun, that would give it a fighting chance.”
Marcelle Richards, 35, of Minneapolis is a non-binary person who uses “they” and “them.” Richards falls “under the trans umbrella” but is gender fluid.
“This is all very personal for people,” Richards said. “I haven't been able to get everybody in my life onboard. It's an energy thing for me. Which battles do I want to pick?”
Shane Henise, who creates media campaigns related to the trans community for GLAAD, an LGBTQ watchdog organization, uses the pronouns “he” and “him.” Pronouns, he said, are particularly important to non-binary people like Richards who don't identify strictly as man or woman.
“We need to start normalizing asking for pronouns, not just for non-binary trans people but in daily life,” Henise said. “Why not include your pronouns in your signature on your email? Another thing that we can do is include pronouns when we're introducing people, so I would say, ‘My name is Shane. I use he/him pronouns. What about you?”‘
12 Injured After Suspected Acid Attack in London Nightclub
London (AFP) – Twelve people were injured when a corrosive substance was sprayed inside a packed London nightclub, police and fire services said, amid a sharp rise in acid attacks in Britain's capital.
Two of the victims, both men in their twenties, are in a “serious but stable condition” and 10 others suffered “minor injuries”, police said in a statement.
A London Fire Brigade spokesman told AFP an “unknown corrosive substance” was thrown in Mangle, a club in east London, in the early hours of Monday.
It was identified as “an acidic substance” from testing, he said, adding that there were around 600 people in the club at the time.
Police said the incident was not believed to be terrorism or gang related but the result of a dispute between two groups of people in the club.
They said the fight led to “a noxious substance being sprayed by a male suspect directly at Victims 1 and 2” — the two men with the more serious injuries.
“Other people inside the venue suffered the effects of the substance,” the statement said, adding that no arrests have been made and appealing for witnesses.
Police were called to the scene at around 0010 GMT.
The streets around the club have been closed to traffic as the investigation continues.
London has seen a sharp rise in acid attacks in London in recent years.
There were more than 1,800 reports of attacks involving corrosive fluids in London since 2010, according to police data cited by the BBC last month.
In 2016, corrosive fluids were used in 454 crimes, compared to 261 in 2015.
Some experts have suggested that criminal gangs may be switching from carrying knives to acid because it could lower the risk of prosecution.
In an acid attack in north London earlier this month, a 40-year-old father, 36-year-old mother and their three-year-old son were hurt.
The woman and child were later discharged from hospital but the man suffered “life-changing injuries”, police said.
AFP
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2017 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post 12 Injured After Suspected Acid Attack in London Nightclub appeared first on SIGNAL.
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Little large-scale research has examined the role of race in “justifiable” homicides that do not involve the police. The data examined by The Marshall Project are more comprehensive and cover a longer time period than other research into the question, much of which has focused on controversial Stand Your Ground laws.
In the United States, the law of self-defense allows civilians to use deadly force in cases where they have a reasonable belief force is necessary to defend themselves or others. How that is construed varies from state to state, but the question often depends on what the killer believed when pulling the trigger.
“If there are factors — even if they're stereotypes — that lead the defender to believe he's in danger, that factors in, whether it's a righteous cause or not,” said Mitch Vilos, a Utah defense lawyer, gun rights advocate and the author of “Self-Defense Laws of All 50 States.”
Self-defense decisions by regular people, much like those involving the police, are made quickly and with imperfect information. As a result, a homicide can be ruled self-defense when the killer faced no actual threat but had a reasonable belief he or she did.
That is where irrational fear can come into play. The police, prosecutors and juries may be apt to give killers the benefit of the doubt in situations when they were faced with someone who seemed “dangerous.”
“Tell me that it doesn't factor in if the person is black when they're approaching the suspect,” Mr. Vilos said. “It contributes to the decision to pull the trigger because of the fear associated with the stereotype.
“Right or wrong, that's what's happening, in my opinion.”
The vast majority of killings of whites are committed by other whites, contrary to some folk wisdom, and the overwhelming majority of killings of blacks is by other blacks.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But killings of black males by whites are more than eight times as likely as all others combined to be labeled justifiable, a racial disparity that is hard to explain based solely on the circumstances reported in the police data and one that has persisted for decades.
The Percent of Homicides Ruled Justifiable Has Remained Fairly Stable It is consistently higher when a white person kills a black man. % 30 20 10 0 1980 1990 2000 2014 When a white person kills a black man Over all 18% 3% in 2014 % 30 20 10 0 1980 1985 1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 2014 When a white person kills a black man Over all 18% 3% in 2014
In comparison, when Hispanics killed black men, about 5.5 percent of cases were called justifiable. When non-Hispanic whites killed Hispanics, it was 3.1 percent. When blacks killed whites, the figure was just 0.8 percent. When black males were killed by other blacks, and when whites killed other whites, the figure was about 2 percent, the same as the overall rate.
Although the data examined ends shortly after the fatal police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo., in 2014, reform efforts since then have primarily focused on police shootings. That leaves these civilian cases largely forgotten.
It is impossible to say to what extent the disparities — no matter how great — are due to racial prejudice by the police, prosecutors or juries. One possible explanation for the differing rates could lie in the different circumstances of the killings, including where they happened.
“If, for instance, white-on-black homicides were mainly defensive shootings in a residence or business, and black-on-white shootings mainly occurred during the commission of a street crime, then the [racial] disparity would be warranted,” wrote researcher John Roman in a 2013 Urban Institute study of justifiable homicides.
Although the F.B.I.'s Supplementary Homicide Report tracks more than 100 details about each killing, the location of the death is not recorded. In addition, some police agencies, indeed some states, choose not to share some or all information on killings.
Still, the disparities in how the police classify these cases remain across widely different circumstances and causes of death. Whether the killer and victim were married, lovers, neighbors or complete strangers, whether they were shot, stabbed or beaten, the trend holds. The killings of black men by whites were two to 10 times as likely to be called justifiable.
Malawi police on Wednesday were heavy-handed on protesting learners in primary school beating up the schoolchildren mercilessly who were on the streets demonstrating against the nationwide strike by their teachers.
The protests have entered a third day in Blantyre with pupils from Kachanga primary School in Chileka blocking the road to Chileka airport and smashing some vehicles.
Despite beating the protesting learners, police arrested three who were taken to Chileka Police Station where they are being kept.
Chileka police spokesperson Grace Mwale confirmed the arrest of the schoolchildren.
In a statement released Wednesday, national police spokesperson James Kadadzera condemned “shameful act” by the learners and urged them to follow proper procedures to present their grievances
He strongly warned protestors from taking the law into their own hands as solution to have their voices heard.
He further said police believe some criminals took advantage of the rioting pupils to steal from unsuspecting passers-by.
“We believe rogues hiding behind the pupils blocked the roads, stoned motorists, interrupted traffic flow, demanded money from motorists, which are all illegal and criminal acts.”
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /socialRegistrationForm *}
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
LUBBOCK, Texas — Juicy Landrum scored 20 points and No. 3 Baylor overwhelmed Texas Tech for the second time this season, 90-44 on Saturday for its 18th straight win.
Baylor (21-1, 11-0 Big 12) went on a 15-0 run to end the first quarter. Dekeiya Cohen finished with 19 points while Kristy Wallace had 16 points and 11 rebounds.
Jada Terry had 10 points to lead Texas Tech (7-15, 1-10).
After the Lady Raiders lost 97-49 at Baylor on Dec. 31, coach Candi Whitaker was fired. They are 1-8 under interim coach Shimmy Gray-Miller.
NO. 8 TEXAS 92, NO. 22 TCU 65
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — Ariel Atkins scored 16 points and No. 8 Texas used an overwhelming first quarter to rout No. 22 TCU.
Texas, which lost to TCU earlier this season, led 27-4 after the first quarter.
Brooke McCarty added 16 points for the Longhorns (18-4, 9-2 Big 12). Lauren Heard scored 18 points for TCU (16-6, 7-4), which hasn't beaten a ranked opponent on the road since 2008.
NO. 18 OHIO STATE 68, WISCONSIN 55
MADISON, Wis. (AP) — Kelsey Mitchell set an NCAA record by hitting a 3-pointer in her 81st straight game and No. 18 Ohio State won on the road.
The game was delayed 15 minutes in the third quarter as Ohio State's Makayla Waterman was fitted with a neck brace and taken off on a stretcher. She was injured falling to the court battling for a rebound. She moved a hand and shared a smile with her teammates before leaving.
Mitchell finished with 16 points for the Buckeyes (19-5, 8-3 Big Ten).
Wisconsin (9-16, 2-10), playing before a season-high crowd of 6,623, got 20 points from Marsha Howard.
NO. 20 GREEN BAY 75, WRIGHT STATE 68
GREEN BAY, Wis. (AP) — Allie LeClaire scored 22 points, Jessica Lindstrom added 19 and No. 20 Green Bay won its 10th straight game.
Karly Murphy added 14 for the Phoenix (21-2, 11-1 Horizon). Chelsea Welch scored 24 points and Mackenzie Taylor 17 for Wright State (16-8, 7-5).
OKLAHOMA 76, NO. 21 WEST VIRGINIA 57
NORMAN, Okla. (AP) — Ana Llanusa tied her career high with 27 points, leading Oklahoma over No. 21 West Virginia.
Llanusa made a career-most six 3s for the Sooners (12-11, 7-5 Big 12).
Katrina Pardee had 13 points to lead the Mountaineers (17-6, 5-6).
Literary Roots
E.T.A. Hoffmann, a German writer, penned the eerie and dark tale "Nutcracker and Mouse King" in 1816. About 30 years later, the French writer Alexandre Dumas took the Nutcracker story into his own hands, lightening things up and softening the character descriptions. Dumas even cheered up the name of the protagonist. "Marie Stahlbaum" (meaning "steel tree," representing the repressive family Marie found herself in, which led her imagination to run wild) became "Clara Silberhaus" (translated to "silver house," a magnificent home filled with shiny magic.)
Snowflakes of the original cast, "The Nutcracker" at the Mariinsky Theatre, 1892. Photo by Walter E. Owen, Courtesy Dance Magazine Archives.
From Page to Stage
In 1892 St. Petersburg, choreographer Marius Petipa and composer Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky pulled the story off the page and onto the stage of the Mariinsky Theatre. But Petipa fell ill while choreographing The Nutcracker and handed his duties over to his assistant, Lev Ivanov. Critics at the 1892 premiere were not pleased. Balletomanes felt the work to be uneven, and lamented the lack of a main ballerina in the first act. Many thought that the story was too light compared to historically based stories.
Out of Russia
Despite its initial reception, the ballet survived, partially due to the success of Tchaikovsky's score. Performances were scarce, though, as the Russian Revolution scattered its original dancers. The Nutcracker's first major exposure outside of Russia took place in London in 1934. Former Mariinsky ballet master Nikolas Sergeyev was tasked with staging Petipa's story ballets on the Vic-Wells Ballet (today The Royal Ballet) from the original notation. The notes were incomplete and difficult to read, yet Sergeyev persisted, and The Nutcracker made it to the stage.
Dancers from ballet Russe de Monte Carlo in "The Nutcracker" pas de deux. Photo Courtesy Dance Magazine Archives.
An American Premiere
The Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo brought an abridged version of The Nutcracker to the U.S. in 1940. Over the next decade, the company toured the ballet extensively, exposing it to audiences nationwide.
Willam Christensen (center) with his brothers Lew and Harold. Photo Courtesy San Francisco Ballet.
Across the Country…
In 1944, San Francisco Ballet founding artistic director Willam Christensen choreographed the U.S.'s first full-length Nutcracker. Christensen later founded Ballet West, which continues to perform his version of The Nutcracker each year.
Balanchine rehearsing the snow scene with NYCB. Photo by Frederick Melton, Courtesy Dance Magazine Archives.
A Christmas Staple
Though the ballet's popularity was already growing, some historians suggest that George Balanchine was the first to irretrievably link the work to the holidays. As dance critic Robert Greskovic puts it, Balanchine was "responsible for making the ballet a fixture of the Christmas season and of a ballet company's repertory." New York City Ballet first presented Balanchine's Nutcracker in February of 1954 but quickly recognized its holiday appeal and moved the ballet to December for the following year.
Nutcracker All Over
As regional ballet companies sprouted around the country, The Nutcracker became a staple.Today it's a holiday tradition that keeps families coming back year after year; its mass appeal keeps ballet in mainstream culture. Many companies attract audiences by infusing the classic with their own regional heritage: Christopher Wheeldon's Nutcracker for the Joffrey Ballet is set at Chicago's 1893 world's fair and The Washington Ballet serves a dose of American history with characters such as George Washington and King George III.
George Washington in The Washington Ballet's Nutcracker." Photo by Carol Pratt, Courtesy The Washington Ballet.
The Nutcracker also serves as the financial backbone of companies nationwide. Last year San Francisco Ballet sold a total of 87,926 tickets to the holiday ballet and Boston Ballet sold a total of 92,907. Despite its humble roots, The Nutcracker is now the show that companies rely on to put on inventive and cutting-edge works throughout the rest of the year.
More secrets and surprises…
According to dance historian Doug Fullington, in the original 1892 scenario the Nutcracker has two sisters who graciously welcome Clara to the Land of Sweets with warm hugs.
Pennsylvania Ballet's Craig Wasserman in the Candy Cane variation. Photo by Alexander Iziliaev, Courtesy Pennsylvania Ballet.
The Candy Cane variation (danced to the Russian Trepak music) was choreographed by its original 1892 dancer, Alexandre Shiryaev. Dance critic Mindy Aloff says that Shiryaev was "possibly the first practitioner of hand-drawn animation; he notated his choreography in sequential drawings that could be projected to show the dance in movement." Balanchine included Shiryaev's original choreography in his Nutcracker.
The ethereal twinkling sound in the Sugar Plum Fairy's solo comes from the celesta, a rare instrument Tchaikovsky heard in France. "He had one sent to him essentially in secret," says Fullington.
Balanchine was given a budget of $40,000 for his 1954 premiere and, according to Aloff, he spent $25,000 on the Christmas tree alone. When asked if he could do without the tree Balanchine responded, "[The ballet] is the tree." Today, New York City Ballet's tree weighs one ton and can reach a full height of 41 feet.
1892 "Nutcracker" costume sketch by Ivan Vsevolozhsky of the Sugar Plum Fairy's retinue. Courtesy Peter Koppers.
Choreographic notations suggest that the Cavalier's variation was originally danced by a retinue of eight female fairies representing things like fruit, flowers and dreams. According to Fullington, Pavel Gerdt, the dancer who created the role, was likely too old to dance the variation himself.
NYCB's Brittany Pollack and Chase Finlay in the grand pas de deux toe slide. Photo by Paul Kolnik, Courtesy New York City Ballet.
In Balanchine's grand pas de deux, the lead ballerina holds an arabesque while gliding across the stage on pointe, pulled by her gallant prince. According to Fullington, Balanchine took this slide from Ivanov's original choreography.
The Sugar Plum Fairy's prince's original name was "Prince Coqueluche." Meaning "whooping cough" in French, it likely referred to a lozenge candy.
NYCB's Unity Phelan and Silas Farley in Karinska's Hot Chocolate costumes. Photo by Paul Kolnik, Courtesy New York City Ballet.
21st Century disruptions spur business, HR leaders to rewrite organisational rules
Business and Human Resource (HR) leaders are coming under rising pressure to rewrite the rules for how they organise, recruit, develop, manage, and engage the 21st Century workforce. Experts say the traditional end-of-year appraisal, designed in the 1970s is proving ineffective. For instance, in 2015, 82 percent of companies surveyed by Deloitte, a leading professional…
This content is for Standard Digital Monthly Subscription, Premium Digital Monthly Subscription, Standard Digital Yearly Subscription, Premium Digital Yearly Subscription, WSJ 5 DAY TRIAL and 30-Day Corporate Subscription members only. Visit the site and log in/register to read.
The post 21st Century disruptions spur business, HR leaders to rewrite organisational rules appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Photo
In 2002, the Senate majority leader, Trent Lott, Republican of Mississippi, gave a laudatory speech at the 100th-birthday party of fellow Republican Senator Strom Thurmond of South Carolina. “I want to say this about my state: When Strom Thurmond ran for president, we voted for him,” Lott said. “We're proud of it. And if the rest of the country had followed our lead, we wouldn't have had all these problems over all these years, either.”
Thurmond had run for president in 1948 as a pro-segregation Dixiecrat, declaring: “There's not enough troops in the Army to force the Southern people to break down segregation and admit the Negro race into our theaters, into our swimming pools, into our homes and into our churches.” For celebrating him, Lott had to resign his leadership position. His words, the right-wing pundit Charles Krauthammer wrote then, were “evidence of a historical blindness that is utterly disqualifying for national office.”
At the time, many conservatives and Republicans had been trying for more than a decade to scrub the stink of racism off their movement. In 1991, President George H. W. Bush denounced David Duke, the Republican candidate for Louisiana governor, for his bigotry and Nazi sympathy. That year the Republican National Committee chairman, Lee Atwater, dying of a brain tumor, apologized for his race-baiting Willie Horton ads. Before the decade was through, Ralph Reed, former head of the Christian Coalition, apologized for white evangelicals' “shameful legacy of racism” and indifference to the civil rights movement. By 2002, with George W. Bush presiding over the most ethnically diverse Republican administration ever, conservatives saw Lott's nostalgia for segregation as very much off brand.
Since the election of Donald Trump, however, opposition to overt racism, like free trade and supply-side economics, has been revealed as an elite Republican preoccupation with questionable currency among the conservative base. The president's supporters celebrate his racial demagogy as a refreshing rejection of political correctness; they stood by him when he referred to some of the white supremacists marching in Charlottesville, Va., as “very fine people.” Representative Steve King, Republican of Iowa, has felt liberated to let his fascist flag fly, recently tweeting a quote from Hungary's far-right Prime Minister Viktor Orban: “Mixing cultures will not lead to a higher quality of life but a lower one.” And as we approach Tuesday's special Senate election in Alabama, the president has thrown his support behind Roy Moore, an apologist for slavery.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Moore's record of alleged sexual assaults of underage girls has understandably overshadowed his many other disqualifications for high office. Still, his repulsive racial views also deserve our attention. In September, The Los Angeles Times reported on a rally where an African-American man asked Moore when America was last great. “I think it was great at the time when families were united — even though we had slavery — they cared for one another,” he responded. If Trump wants to return America to the 1950s, Moore would prefer the 1850s.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Moore's affection for the America of chattel slavery was shocking but not surprising, because he has long palled around with white nationalists. In both 2009 and 2010, Moore's Foundation for Moral Law hosted pro-Confederate Alabama “Secession Day” celebrations. On Monday, CNN unearthed two 2011 interviews Moore did on the far-right radio show “Aroostook Watchmen,” in which he said that getting rid of every constitutional amendment after the 10th would “eliminate many problems.” He was particularly contemptuous of the 14th Amendment, adopted to give former slaves equal rights under the law.
A man in Sweden is charged with raping girls in Canada and two other countries entirely through online contact, in what prosecutors are calling a potentially precedent-setting case.
Bjorn Samstrom, whose trial is underway, is charged with dozens of offences, including “gross rape,” involving 27 girls, two of them Canadian, according to one of the prosecutors in the case. The other girls are in the United States and Britain.
The allegations involving the Canadians date back to 2015, when the two girls — one from Ontario, the other from Alberta — were 13, the prosecutor said.
In an interview from Stockholm, Annika Wennerstrom said Samstrom is accused of coercing girls to perform sexual acts in front of webcams by threatening them or their families.
Under Swedish law, rape does not have to involve intercourse, Wennerstrom said. It can be another act considered to be equally violating.
The country's highest court has previously ruled that sexual assault, which is a lesser charge, can be committed through the internet but has yet to convict someone of rape in the same way, she said.
Wennerstrom said the courts have said in other cases that rape could “hypothetically” occur over the internet, but the offences being tried did not meet the threshold.
She believes the crimes Samstrom is accused of committing are “horrific” enough to be considered rape.
“We see them as rape of a different kind,” she said. “They are forced to do it, they are threatened to do it, it's painful and it goes on, in some cases, for a long time. They have absolutely no choice and they are terrified.”
Police found video recordings of young English-speaking girls while investigating Samstrom in connection with another alleged sex crime involving Swedish complainants, the lawyer said. In some of the footage, they could hear Samstrom's voice or see other information that linked him to the video, she said.
Prosecutors reached out to Canadian authorities and the case was brought to the attention of the RCMP, who worked with local police to identify the girls, she said.
Eventually, a delegation from Sweden travelled to Canada to help interview the two girls, now 15, she said. Video of the interviews will be presented at Samstrom's trial so the teens won't have to testify, she said.
The trial is expected to wrap in November, but Wennerstrom predicted the decision will be appealed regardless of the outcome.
DETROIT — The St. Louis Blues quickly made the most of their limited opportunities.
Jaden Schwartz knocked home his own rebound and the Blues scored four times on only five shots on the way to beating the Detroit Red Wings 6-1 Saturday.
Vladimir Sobotka, Scottie Upshall, Jay Bouwmeester, Brayden Schenn and Dmitrij Jaskin also had goals for the Blues in their third straight victory.
“That really didn't seem like a 6-1 game,” Bouwmeester said. “We had the lead for most of it, but we weren't playing great.”
Frans Nielsen scored for Detroit, which has won just once in its last eight games.
Outshot 29-22, including an 11-4 margin during the first period, the Blues took advantage of some spectacular puck stopping from Jake Allen and some questionable goals against Detroit goalie Jimmy Howard to fashion a 4-0 lead through the first two periods.
“We spent a lot of time in our zone, but we were able to keep them to the outside and Jake was great,” Bouwmeester said. “He let us take advantage of the opportunities we did have.”
Howard continued his struggles of the past few weeks, allowing four or more goals for the fifth time in eight starts and sixth time in nine appearances.
“What it came down to is I need to come with saves for the guys,” Howard said. “At the end of the day, the guys did their job and I have to do mine for them.”
Shortly after killing off a high-sticking penalty, the Blues opened the scoring at 11:50 of the first period. Schwartz took a pass from Alex Steen and drove a low shot that Detroit goalie Jimmy Howard stopped with his left pad. Schwartz put the rebound past Howard.
The Blues made it 2-0 at 4:07 of the second period when Sobotka's long wrist shot from just inside the Detroit blue line beat Howard high on the glove side. It was the Blues' first shot on goal since Schwartz opened the scoring.
St. Louis made it three goals on three consecutive shots when Upshall got loose on a breakaway after a turnover by defenceman Niklas Kronwall and slipped the puck between Howard's pads to make it 3-0 at 6:17 of the second period.
Jay Bouwmeester's shot deflected off the stick of defenceman Mike Green and over Howard's glove at 16:26 of the second period for the Blues' fourth goal on five shots.
Petr Mrazek replaced Howard in the Detroit goal to start the third period.
Nielsen spoiled Allen's bid for a shutout 7:18 in the third period.
At the nine-minute mark, Jaskin beat Mrazek with a forehand deke move to make it 5-1. Schenn tucked a rebound past Mrazek with 42.2 seconds to play to complete the scoring.
Despite the deficit, the Red Wings felt that they were playing solidly through the first two periods and deserved a better fate.
“We definitely didn't like the score, but I think we did some really good things out there,” Nielsen said. “I'm a big believer that over 82 games in this league, you get what you deserve. We've got to keep believing in it and keep working out there.”
NOTES: The Red Wings recalled LW Tyler Bertuzzi from AHL Grand Rapids to replace LW David Booth, out with an undisclosed injury. . Blues C Jaden Schwartz did not return after suffering a lower-body injury while blocking a shot by Wings D Mike Green late in the first period.
UP NEXT
Blues: Back home on Sunday to face the Buffalo Sabres.
Red Wings: Play the third game of a five-game homestand Monday against the Florida Panthers.
——
More AP NHL: http://www.apnews.com/tags/NHLhockey
Vegas, baby.
No heavyweight clash in the heart of Sin City would be complete without an electrifying intro from one of the Buffers, the legendary hypemen of Las Vegas.
Only in Vegas does Michael Buffer announce the starting lineups. Unreal. #CupIn1 pic.twitter.com/myxnCWLUKw — SinBin.vegas (@SinBinVegas) May 29, 2018
It was the eldest brother Michael making a glorious appearance ahead of Monday's Stanley Cup Final opener, blessing the crowd at T-Mobile Arena with his patented (literally) “Let's Get Ready To Rumble,” catchphrase. He then belted out the introductions and starting lineups of both the Capitals and Golden Knights in true main-event fashion.
World-famous magician Chris Angel and Lil' Jon rang the siren to cap off another insanely good, and very Vegas, pre-game spectacle.
Michael Buffer, baby. (Getty)
More Stanley Cup coverage on Yahoo Sports:
MEXICO CITY — Authorities have arrested a former governor of a Mexican border state on corruption charges.
Javier Castro Ormaechea, Tamaulipas state's anti-corruption prosecutor, says that ex-Gov. Eugenio Hernandez Flores was arrested Friday in the state capital of Victoria.
Hernandez faces charges for misuse of public funds and use of illicit funds related to the acquisition of about 4,000 acres (1,600 hectares) in the port city of Altamira. Hernandez served as governor until 2010.
As early as January 2012, Mexican prosecutors said they were investigating public officials in Tamaulipas. Hernandez and two other ex-governors from the same party acknowledged then they were subjects of the probe, but denied wrongdoing.
Castro declined to provide more details about the ongoing investigation.
Hernandez's predecessor Tomas Yarrington was arrested in Italy this year and is awaiting extradition.
CRANDON (WAOW) – A judge Friday refused to dismiss charges accusing the chairman of the Sokaogon Band of Lake Superior Chippewa of assaulting a tribal employee who was being suspended and refused to give him a tribal-issued cell phone, according to online Forest County court records.
Source: WAOW.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. — Oscar-nominated actor James Woods says he's retiring from the entertainment industry.
The news was included in a press release issued by Woods' real estate agent offering Woods' Rhode Island lake house for sale.
Allen Gammons said Friday that Woods is 70 and wants to relax. He says the actor's brother and mother recently died, and he hopes to spend more time on passions including photography, antiquing and poker.
Woods is known for his conservative political views. He has said that's made it tough to find work in Hollywood.
Gammons said Woods' decision was not political.
Actress Amber Tamblyn last month said Woods tried to pick her up when she was 16. Woods called a lie on Twitter. Gammons said Woods declined to comment Friday when asked about Tamblyn's accusation.
Dallas Police Department SWAT team members say they told a sniper that a robot would be carrying a phone — not explosives — down the long hallway where he had holed up during a standoff after his ambush attack that killed five officers on July 7, 2016.
The SWAT members tell The Dallas Morning News about the construction of the bomb that was instead taped to the back of a book and fastened to the robot before being detonated and killing Micah Johnson. The 25-year-old former Army reservist had told them he wanted to kill white police officers.
The use of the robot to deliver explosives was a first for a U.S. police department.
A grand jury this week found no criminal wrongdoing in the officers' use of force.
EVERY New Year begins full of challenges, but the outlook for 2017 is shrouded with political and economic uncertainty.
No doubt, the road map for post-Brexit Britain, mass immigration, terrorism and climate change will dominate the political agenda. But I hope that these challenges strengthen us in our convictions, our identity and values, and that these challenges are met by us with love and respect for others' freedoms.
2016 will be remembered as a year when the values that underpin our society – freedom, tolerance, and respect for fundamental rights – were crushed by the rise of populism in the West.
The anti-migrant, anti-ethnic and anti-Muslim rhetoric and politics of hatred used during the EU referendum and US presidential campaign gave legitimacy and a new-found voice to racist and bigoted narratives across the world. These political campaigns, and their aftermath, resulted in a frenzy of hatred towards Muslims and other ethnic minorities.
It is not just these two campaigns that vilified Muslims in 2016 – the trend has been the same across Europe. In France, a more subtle form of anti-Muslim sentiment prompted a wave of burkini bans in coastal towns under the guise of women's rights advocacy. Germany's anti-Islam Pegida movement staged rallies in several cities across Europe to protest against the arrival of refugees. Muslims and mosques continued to be attacked during 2016 across the UK and Europe. Islamophobia gained particular validation and legitimacy this past year.
Muslims have become the prime target of the prejudice and hatred whipped up by far right populist leaders and lazy journalists. One of the prime reasons for such anti-Muslim sentiments is the deplorable acts of violence carried out, in the name of religion, by terrorists.
Despite the fact that Muslims have lost more lives due to terrorism than any other community, every time a terrorist attack is caused by a Muslim-looking perpetrator, the whole community is either blamed or is expected to condemn it. The same principle is not applied to terrorism caused by the far right ideology, evident from the murder of Jo Cox MP. Whatever the benchmark, there is a need for level plain-field against all forms of extremism.
This hatred towards Muslims is not new in our country. Catholics, Jews, African-Americans and the Irish have all been scapegoated. Living in fear of abuse and prejudice is not only demoralising, but can also alienate groups of people creating further divisions in society, which is what IS and far right extremists desperately want. Although there are many incidents of intolerance and abuse against them, Muslims have shown resilience and patriotism. In 2016 a nationwide poll, conducted by Policy Exchange, found Muslims were more opposed to terrorism than the population as a whole, and 93 per cent of British Muslims said they felt strong attachment to Britain.
In 2017, I pray that we can again securely find our values of tolerance and mutual respect, and light the way for the future of our society. I continue to believe in the power of love and deeply believe that people can, and will do, the right things if love is the guiding principle.
I am inspired to see countless examples of extraordinary dedication and courage for the vulnerable, of selfless service to others by faith institutions and charities and protection of others' freedoms. The incredible work of Hope Not Hate and the think-thank British Future around hatred, immigration and integration in post-referendum Britain is extremely valuable. Many churches and mosques working side by side to feed the vulnerable across the country is phenomenally inspiring.
The recapturing of territories from IS, and focusing on far right extremism in 2016, gives hope that extremism will never win. From Sadiq Khan's victory as mayor of London to global hi-tech companies refusing to build a Muslim registry for Trump, from #BlackLivesMatter to #MoreInCommon social media campaigns – they all prove that hope over fear will always win.
Tackling of inequality and bigotry towards others must be the priority for all of us in 2017. The economic, political and security challenges that the world faces can't be solved by dividing communities, building walls or inciting hatred.
The best gift that we can give to others at this time of the year is hope, compassion and peace. Islam encourages us to never lose hope. I am optimistic that people will choose respect over intolerance, hope over fear and peace over violence. My wish for 2017 is that we unite together against intolerance in our society!
Qari Asim is chief imam at Makkah Masjid mosque in Leeds.
LONDON — Rupert Murdoch's British newspaper company has agreed to pay damages to a former intelligence officer whose computer was hacked by detectives working for Murdoch's now-defunct News of the World tabloid, lawyers said Friday.
Ian Hurst, who ran agents inside the IRA in Northern Ireland in the 1980s, sued Murdoch's News Group Newspapers after learning from a BBC news report in 2011 that his emails had been hacked.
Hurst's lawyer, Jeremy Reed, said at the High Court in London that News Group acknowledged the agent's emails had been intercepted “routinely and intensively” over several months in 2006.
Reed said when he found out, Hurst “feared for the safety of many of the people with whom he had been in contact,” who included people in the witness protection program.
News Group lawyer Anthony Hudson said the company “accepts that such activity happened, accepts that it should never have happened, and has undertaken to the court that it will never happen again.”
The company agreed to pay Hurst “substantial” damages and legal costs. The amount of damages was not disclosed.
Murdoch shut down the News of the World in 2011 after the revelation that its employees had hacked the phone voicemails of celebrities, politicians and others in the public eye. It has paid millions to settle claims from hacking victims.
The phone hacking scandal scuttled a 2011 attempt by Murdoch's company to take full control of British broadcaster Sky, in which it holds a 39 per cent stake.
Murdoch's Twenty-First Century Fox is currently trying again to take control of Sky. The British government has referred the deal to the country's competition regulator over fears the deal would concentrate too much power in Murdoch's hands, and concerns about broadcasting standards.
Opponents say the U.K. tabloid wrongdoing and allegations of racial discrimination and sexual harassment at Murdoch's U.S. TV network Fox News show that he does not meet the requirement that U.K. media owners be “fit and proper” people.
PHILADELPHIA — Joel Embiid had 25 points and 19 rebounds and Ben Simmons had a triple-double to lead the Philadelphia 76ers to a 108-94 win over the Charlotte Hornets on Monday night.
Simmons had 11 points, 12 rebounds and 15 assists to help the Sixers keep alive their shot at finishing fourth in the Eastern Conference and earning home-court advantage in the first round of the playoffs.
The 76ers have one of the easiest schedules of any team the rest of the season. The Sixers would have to pass Washington and Indiana to grab the No. 4 seed and stave off a potential Toronto or Boston matchup for at least a round.
“Our goal is to make the playoffs,” coach Brett Brown said. “Now, seemingly, we are pretty close to doing that. Now we all get greedy and say, ‘Let's get a home court.' And I'm the captain of that new club. And it can only happen if we guard. And that's the message to our team.”
How's this for D?
The Hornets missed 17 of 21 shots in the third (1 of 5 on 3s) to crush their chances of stretching a seven-point halftime lead.
“Nothing matters unless we play defence,” Brown said. “It's how we set the tone in this program since the day I arrived.”
The 76ers have had countless dark days since Brown arrived in 2013.
The 19-, 18- and 10-win seasons that give birth to The Process have paid off this year, and the Sixers are set to reach the playoffs for the first time since 2012.
They are the favourites in the majority of their games and have become the team that now has to worry about playing down to the level of their competition.
Philadelphia could never really shake Charlotte until late.
Embiid hit two straight 3s and JJ Redick hit one to give the Sixers a 58-56 lead in the third. Marco Belinelli hit consecutive 3s late in the third to make it 72-64. He hit one more 3 for a 10-point lead to help the Sixers beat their third straight sub.-500 team (New York, Brooklyn).
Embiid hit one more 3 at the top of the arc to close the quarter.
Dario Saric hit a 3 in the fourth for an 88-83 lead and Robert Covington, who scored 18 points, sealed it with Philadelphia's 16th 3 of the game for a 12-point edge late in the fourth.
Kemba Walker led the Hornets, coming off a 124-101 loss to the Knicks, with 24 points. Wily Hernangomez scored 17 points off the bench in just 12 minutes in the first half to help the Hornets lead 56-49 at the break.
TIP-INS
Hornets: The Hornets made all 14 free throws in the first half. … Hernangomez scored 15 points in the second quarter. … Jeremy Lamb started in place of injured guard Nicolas Batum (Achilles).
76ers: The 76ers went just 3 for 4 from the free-throw line in the first half. … The loudest ovation of the night came when Hernangomez missed two straight free throws in the third to win every fan a free fast-food treat. … Allen Iverson was in the house.
UP NEXT
Hornets: Play Wednesday at Brooklyn.
76ers: Host Memphis on Wednesday.
——
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tags/NBAbasketball
A Gatsby Moment, June 6, 1-5 p.m., Huckleberry House, 99 Huckleberry Hill Rd., New Canaan. Proceeds benefit Voice of September 11. Tickets $25. Info: conta.cc/2HTP4md.
An Evening of Expressions, June 7, 6 p.m., Rive Bistro, 229 Riverside Ave., Westport. Proceeds benefit the Friends of Westport Public Art Collections. Tickets $90-$175. Info: westportarts.org/expressions.
Compass To Success: A Nautical Night of Seaside Support, June 7, 6:30 p.m., Black Rock Yacht Club, 80 Grovers Ave., Bridgeport. Proceeds will benefit the Boys & Girls Village, Connecticut's most vulnerable children and families, who often have histories of abuse, neglect, or live in poverty and are in need of behavioral health, educational, or family reunification services. Tickets $150. Info: bgvillage.org/fundraiser.
Booked, June 11, 7 p.m., Rolling Hills Country Club, 333 Hurlbutt St., Wilton. Justin Paul will be at the Westport Library fundraiser. Tickets $1,000. Info: westportlibrary.org.
CLUBS
Treehouse Comedy Club, below Bistro B, Westport Inn, 1595 Post Rd., Westport. Tickets $25 at TreehouseComedy.com or 203-268-5857.
Luc's Cafe-Restaurant, 3 Big Shop Lane, Ridgefield: “Cafe Musette” featuring Larry Urbon, guitarist. French songs, gypsy swing Mon. and Wed., 7:30-9:30 p.m., info: cafemusette.com
Bernard's, 20 West Lane, Ridgefield; 203-438-8282 or bernardsridgefield.com: Live music: Fri., piano, 7-10:30 p.m.; Sat., piano, 7-10:30 p.m.; Sun. brunch, piano, 12-3 (1st Sun./month, Young Musicians).
Note Kitchen & Bar, 227 Greenwood Ave., Bethel; notekitchen.com, 203-917-3411.
Old Post Tavern, 1418 Post Rd., Fairfield, oldposttavern.com, 203-292-8631; live music Fri. and Sat., 10 p.m.
Christian Long
Welcome to Meet this City, your chance to explore our favorite cities in the world through the eyes of the celebrities, star chefs, creative mavericks, and pro athletes that love them.
This week we're off to the 303, known for its diverse art scene, enticing culture and abundance of beaches– Miami. Best known for bringing laughs to audiences, Tommy Davidson of In Living Color is our guide this week. For those that don't know, he's currently filming ABC ‘s Vacation Creation where he takes deserving families on vacations to exotic places all around the world. It's given him a new appreciation for the city.
“One of my favorite US cities, and a common cruise ship port we travel to and from is Miami,” Davidson said. “Visited at least 30 times and counting, Miami is such a melting pot of culture, style and all around luxury!”
Here is my insiders guide to Miami!
BEST DINNER SPOT
Prime 112
Definitely Prime 112 is a staple on Ocean Drive, South Beach. Hands down the best steaks and seafood! Plus you never know who you will run into. Last time I sat next to NFL's Victor Cruz.
Steaks on steaks. Currently drooling over this prime porterhouse and Ribeye-filled table. 🤤 #dryaged #steakhouse #meatlovers #mondaymood #Prime112 @mylesprime112 A post shared by Prime One Twelve Official (@primeonetwelve) on Nov 27, 2017 at 12:05pm PST
Satisfy your inner sweet tooth! #Dessert #NOM #BreadPudding | 📸 @foodchasers A post shared by Prime One Twelve Official (@primeonetwelve) on Jul 7, 2017 at 11:44am PDT
BEST PLACE FOR A DRINK
My wife loves Wet Willie's! Call a Cab mixed with Pina Colada is always a great start to an evening.
Gettin' way down on that #daquiribar up on the terrace. 💯🍹🙌🏼 #wayup #oceandrive #delish #southbeach #latergram A post shared by Rachel Frances ✌ (@rfgroen) on Dec 5, 2017 at 6:46am PST
#FeelingTheLove #WetWillies A post shared by Wet Willie's (@wetwillies_) on Mar 6, 2016 at 6:06pm PST
ONLY LOCALS KNOW
The Art Scene
Miami has an amazing art scene. Be sure to check out Art Basel on Miami Beach. One of a kind art with a unique ambiance!
#artbaselmiami #untitled #scad2017 #cypressbayhighschool A post shared by Gretchen Marfisi (@gmarfisi) on Dec 7, 2017 at 5:36pm PST
Ebony G. Patterson at Untitled #untitled #miami #contemporaryart #embroidery #carribeanwomen A post shared by Marie St. Germain (@mariehjfa) on Dec 7, 2017 at 10:25am PST
BEST FAST FOOD
Pollo Tropical is THE BEST fast food in the country! Tasty carribean cuisine, highly recommend the Mojo Pork and the Corn Casserole. Perfection!
Someone broke in to our car and took my bag which contains my passport in it at this place. 😑 Fml A post shared by J. Mille Horfilla (@juicytine) on Jul 5, 2016 at 9:41pm PDT
FAVORITE PLACE TO SHOP
Definitely Lincoln Road on South Beach! Lots of shops, outdoor environment and great people watching!
Did you know? #LincolnRoad and Palm Beach's #WorthAvenue have been ranked among the most expensive retail districts in the Western Hemisphere, according to Cushman & Wakefield's 2017 Main Streets Across the World retail report. A post shared by 1 Miami Realty (@1miamirealty) on Nov 27, 2017 at 3:15pm PST
BEST LATE NIGHT SNACK SPOT
Big Pink on Collins in Miami Beach. It's across from Story Nightclub, so it's great for grub after the club.
Grab a napkin… You're drooling. #BurgerPorn #MiamiEats #BigPinkMiami | 📷 @zuliani13 A post shared by Big Pink (@bigpinkmiami) on Dec 7, 2017 at 10:08am PST
Did someone say brunch? Tag your brunch buddy! #MiamiEats #BigPinkMiami #FoodPorn A post shared by Big Pink (@bigpinkmiami) on Oct 20, 2017 at 9:15am PDT
BEST PLACE FOR A SWEET TREAT
Gelateria 4D on Lincoln Road. Tons of flavors and always hits the spot!
#gelateria4d #beatgelatoever #bestingredients #bestquality #realitalianstyle #realitaliangelato #visitussoon A post shared by Gelateria 4D (@gelateria4d) on Apr 25, 2017 at 12:12pm PDT
BEST PLACE TO ESCAPE
Love hanging poolside at the Delano, reading a magazine and soaking in the Miami sun.
Join us at #DelanoBeachClub this Saturday and Sunday for #ArtBasel artist pool parties featuring sounds from @djdavesol and art displays from top artists. #ArtBasel2017 #discoverdelano #worldofsbe A post shared by Delano Beach Club (@delanobeachclub) on Dec 7, 2017 at 9:08am PST
Wish you were here. (📷: @confessionsofanamateurtraveler) #delanobeachclub #worldofsbe A post shared by Delano Beach Club (@delanobeachclub) on Nov 29, 2017 at 8:05am PST
BEST PLACE TO WORKOUT
Ocean Drive
Jogging or biking along Ocean Drive, or swimming in South Beach! Can't lose.
Como é Miami no inverno? Assim! ☀️ 🌴⛱ #spiceupmia #miamibeach #miami #winter #beach A post shared by Spice up the Road (@spiceuptheroad) on Dec 7, 2017 at 7:02pm PST
Nice morning ride #bikeride #mountainbike #jamisbikes #miamilife #southbeachbiking A post shared by Martin Casado (@martincasado) on Jun 26, 2015 at 6:24am PDT
FAVORITE BRUNCH SPOT
News Cafe on Ocean Drive. Great brunch with an ocean view. It's an oldie but goodie on South Beach.
La esquina más emblemática de Miami Beach. #newscafe A post shared by Diego Michard (@diemichard) on Dec 5, 2017 at 9:12am PST
Piña colada no News Cafe, último lugar onde Gianni Versace veio antes de ser assassinado em frente à casa dele, 300 metros daqui, 20 anos atrás. #pinacolada #newscafe #versace A post shared by Fabiana Seragusa (@fabiseragusa) on Nov 28, 2017 at 12:12pm PST
BEST BAR IN TOWN
Mango's Tropical Cafe
Mango's Tropical Cafe on Ocean Drive. Love the music and the nonstop dancing!
Maybe just one drink tonight. #miami #southbeach #mangosmiami A post shared by Mangos's Tropical Cafe (@mangosmiami) on Sep 6, 2017 at 5:33pm PDT
FAVORITE CLUB
Definitely Story or Liv! Can't go wrong with either one!
Ready to jump around with @official_flo @headlinerworld @whoissteviej TONIGHT! Tickets At STORYmiami.com. #STORYthursday #ThanksgivingNight A post shared by STORY miami (@storymiami) on Nov 23, 2017 at 11:26am PST
It's about to be LIT TONIGHT with @therealeve @djcassidy @martin2smoove! Tickets on sale at LIVnightclub.com. 🔥 A post shared by LIV miami (@livmiami) on Nov 3, 2017 at 9:52am PDT
BEST PLACE FOR DATE NIGHT
NBA Heat basketball game at American Airlines Arena! My close friend has a box, so always great seats with a great view of the court!
Tomorrow. 🏀🔥 A post shared by AmericanAirlines Arena (@americanairlinesarena) on Oct 20, 2017 at 7:21am PDT
ICONIC FOOD OF THE CITY
Cuban food
Cuban food! Love the flavors & it always leaves you full!
Taste of Cuba☺️ #whileinmiami #cubanfood #musteat #foodie #instafood #cubanfoodmiami #bestofcubancuisine #instaphoto A post shared by Bon-Bon Voyage (@bonbonmontero) on Dec 21, 2016 at 4:17pm PST
FAVORITE SPORTING EVENT
Miami Heat
NBA Heat games and don't forget to head to Puccis Pizza across the street on Biscayne for a slice of heaven! I mean slice of pizza!
Let's go HEAT! After the game come by for a slice of pizza or some wings! Show your ticket and the drinks on us! A post shared by Puccis Pizza (@puccispizza) on Feb 9, 2016 at 5:26pm PST
NEW YORK (AP) — Jason Isbell was motivated on his breakthrough 2013 album “Southeastern” to tell his story about quitting drinking and turning his life around. He was driven on the 2015 follow-up, “Something More Than Free,” to prove newfound success wasn't a fluke.
What's next? Now established as a leader in the Americana genre, Isbell's purpose is deceptively difficult – maintain a high standard of songwriting with the newness of discovery gone. He's taken a step in that direction with Friday's release of “The Nashville Sound,” co-credited with his backup band, the 400 Unit.
His new songs speak to and about people in middle America dealing with a changing culture and economy, growing up and mature love. “If We Were Vampires” is a love song about life's impermanence. “White Man's World” confronts subtle racism. Isbell and his wife, fellow musician Amanda Shires, are parents of a two-year-old girl and that naturally changed his outlook.
Isbell, 38, recently talked about his new work with The Associated Press.
—–
AP: Is there a song on the album that you might not have written before becoming a parent?
Isbell: “White Man's World.” I was home the day after the election, and I kept thinking how lucky I was that I didn't have to explain it to her, because she was only a year old at that point in time. I'll let history explain that to her as she gets older. There was a feeling of alienness, of not belonging, that a lot of us had on that day, a feeling that I thought I knew people better than I did. I felt like an outsider again. I felt like I was transported back to the lunchroom in school, where I was a little bit – shall we say – too creative to fit in with most of the people I went to school with. I was really fearful that she would see the world in that way, as a place where she wouldn't fit in. What I was focused on was ‘how do I make this a better place for my daughter.' Because a majority of my audience is white males, I want them to be aware of the fact that not everybody in the world is.
—–
AP: Is there a general takeaway you want fans to get from this album?
Isbell: Compassion. In my experience, I got to a certain point where most of my problems got solved. I quit drinking, I cleaned myself up, started living my life right, made good decisions, started a family and everybody is healthy and happy. I can't really sing the blues anymore. So I had to look outside myself and empathize with other people. As a songwriter, that's a big stage in development, because a lot of people miss it. A lot of people fall flat when they try to do that and you get decades where people write these out of touch songs.
—–
AP: You can dip into things, like on (the song) “Anxiety.”
Isbell: I can, but I can't write entire records about it, like “Southeastern.” Let's hope not, because on that one I was pulling out my own bones. I think feeling compassionate is the one thing I hope people can take away from this. Before I was hoping people would have compassion for me. Now I hope it's for other people they see who need it.
—–
AP: It seems you really wanted to speak to white men between the coasts, the ones who played such an important role in the last election. Is that what you tried to do?
Isbell: Where I grew up, it's very rural, working class Alabama. I don't even know if it would be working class anymore – there isn't that much work to do. I try to represent those folks, sometimes just by telling my own version of the story. With a song like “Last of My Kind,” it deals with what it was like for me to adjust to the developed world after I had come out of a part of the country that was so isolated.
—–
AP: How is fatherhood treating you?
Isbell: We're really lucky. She's so easy, compared to what I hear. When she was born, I expected there would always be someone in the house perpetually screaming.
—–
AP: You, your wife or the baby?
Isbell: One of the three of us.
—–
Online:
http://www.jasonisbell.com/
Comments
comments
PARIS (AP) — Angers signed Arsenal midfielder Jeff Reine-Adelaide on loan until the end of the season as the French transfer window drew to a close Wednesday.
The 20-year-old Adelaide was widely tipped to succeed at Arsenal after winning the Under-17 European championship with France in 2015 and being named in the team of the tournament. The versatile midfielder joined Arsenal the same year from French side Lens, but has made only eight appearances for Arsene Wenger's side.
Angers, which is in 16th place in the first division, also loaned striker Enzo Crivelli to 13th-place Caen with an option to buy him at the end of the season.
Former France midfielder Clement Grenier, once highly-rated, left seven-time French champion Lyon to join Guingamp on an 18-month deal as his injury-plagued career took another turn.
The 27-year-old Grenier, a skillful free kick specialist, made five appearances for France but could never get his career fully off the ground due to a series of niggling injuries. He joins Guingamp after making more than 150 appearances for Lyon and six on loan to Italian side Roma in the second half of last season.
Lyon signed right back Leo Dubois from Nantes on a four-year contract, but let him continue the rest of the season with Nantes. No transfer fee was given but the 23-year-old Dubois was out of contract with Nantes in June.
Lyon's bitter local rival Saint-Etienne was busier, selling central defender Florentin Pogba — brother of Manchester United star midfielder Paul Pogba — to Turkish first division side Genclerbirligi on an 18-month deal.
Saint-Etienne also took back Moroccan forward Oussama Tannane after loaning him to Spanish side Las Palmas.
Singer James Arthur has revealed that he has not read his first autobiography, which was released shortly after he won “The X Factor” in 2012.
The 29-year-old earlier said that he is planning to release a self-help inspired autobiography, but he says he has not read his first book, “James Arthur, My Story: The Official X Factor Winner's Book”, reports femalefirst.co.uk.
“I haven't even read that. I wouldn't want it in my Christmas stocking,” Arthur told The Sun newspaper when asked about his first book.
The “Say you won't let go” singer revealed last month that he is planning to write a tell-all autobiography that he hopes will act as a self-help book for others.
“I want to help people to get to know my story, and really tell them in detail what I've been through. The album says a little bit about it but it doesn't really tell the full extent,” he said.
“I want it to act as a self-help book. I want to talk to people about how I felt a little bit different from a young age and felt a little bit weird and a little bit like an outcast, and the journey that I've been on to get to this place,” he added.
Martin Plaut
There is mounting concern in the Netherland about the behaviour of the Eritrean embassy and its staff. Last Friday's abortive conference, held by the Eritrean regime in the Dutch town of Veldhoven, may prove to be the final straw.
The four-day conference was abandoned after a Dutch court backed the mayor of the town in closing the gathering, arguing that it was detrimental to safety and security of local residents.
Spokesmen for the majority of Dutch political parties had called for action even before the conference opened.
News of the event, to be attended by President Isaias Afwerki's senior adviser, Yemane Gebreab was broken last Tuesday by the Dutch website, One World.
On hearing the news of his imminent arrival Dutch MPs reacted with dismay.
“When the Turkish minister wanted to come here, public order was at stake,” said Attje Kuiken of the Dutch Labour Party. “The question is: what will the speaker (Yemane Gebreab) do at this congress? And will it be within our law?”
The Dutch cabinet also expressed its reservations about the gathering.
A statement was issued declaring that the government was “uneasy” about the conference going ahead, but could not prevent Yemane Gebreab from attending since he had an EU-wide Schengen visa.
Kubrom Dafla Hosabay, a former deputy minister of finance in Eritrea, now resident in the Netherlands, warned what would take place if the meeting took place.
He accused members of Eritrea's ruling party of threatening anyone who refused to cooperate. “This is the message that will come from the conference,” he said. [See full statement below]
At previous European-wide conferences of the Eritrean ruling party Yemane had called for the opposition to be “destroyed.”
Fearing a repetition, members of the Eritrean community opposed to the regime protested outside the hotel in Veldhoven at which the conference was being held. There followed a confrontation with the police and running clashes, with a number of protesters being arrested.
The mayor of Veldhoven – hearing that a further 2,500 protesters would arrive from across Europe to oppose the event, decided that it should be cancelled.
The youth wing of the ruling party (the YPFDJ) which had organised the event, challenged the ruling in court, but lost, and on Friday the four-day conference was abandoned.
Dutch politicians demand action
A number of political parties in the Netherlands had previously expressed their concern about the activities of the Eritrean government in their country and its extortion of funds from the refugee community.
They had called for action against the Embassy unless it was halted.
Last June the question was debated in Parliament.
A resolution was adopted suggesting that the Embassy should be closed if it continued to use threats and pressure to extract taxes and financial contributions from the Eritrean diaspora.
It soon became clear that the warning had not been heeded. Evidence of what was taking place was gathered by journalists Huub Jaspers and Sanne Terlingen for a radio programme – ‘The long arm of Eritrea', produced for One World and Argos.
The journalists had gathered testimonies and documentation showing how Eritrean Embassy staff went around the Eritrean community in Rotterdam, and several other cities. Since last December they had been going door to door among the diaspora collecting funds.
The approach of the Embassy was anything but friendly.
They demanded EU50 per person as a donation to fund the conference. Anyone who refused was warned that they would have a cross placed after their names – a clear sign of intimidation by representatives of Eritrea's brutal regime.
Receipts for the funds were signed by Isaac Menassi – the Embassy Finance officer, using a commercial receipt book. But his signature was clear.
A handwriting expert testified that having examined the receipts, and comparing them with official Embassy receipts, he was confident that they had been signed by the same person.
When the One World journalists broke the story Dutch politicians were furious, declaring that such behaviour was completely unacceptable.
Sjoerd Sjoerdsma, from Democrats 66 said: “We no longer accept this tax collection.” “The parliament was very clear about this, after pressure from our parties. If Eritrea doesn't listen, this could lead to the closure of the Embassy.”
These views were echoed by Attje Kuiken of the Labour Party. “This means that once again we will have to open a debate with the government on how to stop this kind of practices. We will do this unanimously: with all members of parliament.”
A year in the planning
The abandoned conference was the 13th in a series of meetings held to bolster support for the Eritrean regime across Europe. Around 500 YPFDJ supporters had come to hear their leader's message.
It had been – the organisers claimed – a year in the planning. But members of the Eritrean opposition were determined that a regime which tolerates no free speech at home should not be given a platform from which to put forward its propaganda.
When an Eritrean diplomatic car drew up the protesters staged a sit-down demonstration, preventing its progress. There were clashes with the Dutch police and over 100 protesters were briefly arrested.
Opponents of the Eritrean government informed the authorities that up to 2,500 demonstrators would arrive on Saturday, as members of the diaspora mobilised across Europe. In the light of this the mayor ordered the conference to be halted.
His decision was upheld by a court, which ordered supporters of the YPFDJ – to leave the hotel by 8.00 pm that evening.
This took place, with busses removing them from the venue. The YPFDJ put out a statement attacking those who had prevented the gathering from taking place.
An Appeal to The Dutch-Eritrean Community
Action to Foil the YPFDJ European Conference in Holland
Source: Facebook
From next Thu, 13/4 to Sun 17/.4/17, the Isaias regime has organized a European wide conference for Youth-Pfdj, its daughter organization. The Dutch authorities, including the media, are wary of this conference because it has elements inviting antagonism, that pose danger to peace and order of the Dutch public.
This is a call to all Dutch-Eritreans, whether or not, we are citizens, residents, and refugees, to use our rights, to formally register, with the police, a declaration (‘aangifte') that the Ypfdj, poses danger to our personal safety. Because what should worry us, also worries Dutch authorities, including several parliament members (2de Kamer), and the security. Issues about the Ypfdj may cause harm to Eritreans and the Dutch.
1. That Ypfdj thugs are going door-to-door, forcing Eritreans to pay money for this conference and for 2%.
2. That they are issuing false “receipts” without legal details, means they are hiding their actions from public.
3. That they are putting on a black list and intimidating those Eritreans that refuse to pay;
4. That the infamous “Eri-Blood” gang, which is feared to be armed, is capable of physically harming anyone;
5. That a Dutch court, established last year, that Ypfdj, as a possible ‘intelligence arm” of Isaias; the public speech of Yemane G/Ab, at Ypfdj conference in Germany, being the major evidence of it.
6. That all of this has been organized, in December 2016, by high ranking officials of the regime.
Etc., etc., because of all the above, is this Ypfdj conference, is a threat to, us, Dutch-Eritreans.
That is why, we should, go and declare these facts to the police. We are being threatened by phone and in person as “traitors”. The reasons are laid down above. Let us exercise this right of ours immediately, but in any case, before the conference commences. Let us support the effort of the Dutch authorities by coming out to register officially our fear of the situation.
Your brother, Kubrom Dafla Hosabay,
COPENHAGEN — Denmark's prime minister says a letter from President Donald Trump accusing Danes of not spending enough on NATO has “a unilateral focus on military spending as a percentage of the gross domestic product on defence.”
Ahead of a July 11-12 NATO summit, Trump sent letters to several NATO allies demanding they boost their defence spending.
In an email Wednesday to The Associated Press, Danish Prime Minister Lars Loekke Rasmussen said he “was not surprised by the letter” where Trump wrote “the United States is increasingly unwilling to ignore the European failure to meet shared security commitments.”
After Russia annexed Ukraine's Crimean Peninsula in 2014, NATO allies agreed to stop cutting defence budgets and start moving toward a goal of devoting 2 per cent of GDP to defence within a decade.
EDWARDSVILLE, Ill. — Jalen Henry poured in a season-high 26 points, including two free throws with three seconds left in the game, and SIU Edwardsville rallied to beat South Alabama 76-75.
Henry added 12 rebounds and a pair of blocked shots for the Cougars (3-6). Henry also nailed a 3-pointer with 43 seconds left that pulled SIU-Edwardsville even at 74. Dederick Lee hit 1 of 2 free throws to put the Jaguars (5-5) up 75-74. Henry was fouled, hit both of his free throws and the Cougars had their second-straight one-point victory.
Henry's jumper gave SIU-Edwardsville a 62-58 lead with 8:14 left, but the Cougars went scoreless for nearly four minutes. Rodrick Sikes made six straight free throws, Jordan Andrews had a 4-point play, and Sikes' dunk capped a 12-0 run as the Jaguars led 70-62 with 4:31 left to play. Henry made two free throws to end the drought. South Alabama led 74-68 on a Josh Ajayi dunk with 1:51 left before Daniel Kinchen and Henry buried back-to-back 3s to even the score. Kinchen made five 3-pointers and scored 18.
Jordan Andrews led South Alabama with 15 points, while Sikes scored 13 and Ajayi added 10 points and nine rebounds.
Remo Stars Ochowechi clinches Match Day 22 VAT Wonder Goal
The Eagle Online
Remo Stars Salefu Ochowechi's 19th minute free kick goal against Gombe United on Match Day 22 turned out the most popular for the fans who participated in the voting for Match Day 22 VAT Wonder Goal selection. Ochowechi was shortlisted alongside …
and more »
FUFA ELECTIONS: It is Moses Magogo vs Mujib Kasule
Incumbent Eng. Moses Magogo and international footballer Mujib Kasule have confirmed their interest in vying for top job in Ugandan soccer by picking nomination forms on Wednesday.
Chairperson of the Federation of Uganda Football Associations (FUFA) Electoral Committee Sam Bakiika officially handed over the nomination forms that are expected back by Friday before candidature is confirmed..
The nomination exercise is the first step ahead of the FUFA Executive Committee Elections slated for 5th August 2017.
READ FULL STORY (click)
FUFA Polls 2017 UPDATE: @MosesMagogo and Mujib Kasule pick forms to contest for FUFA's top seat. @JanetMuseveni pic.twitter.com/mIN9cpDKP4 — Uganda FA [FUFA] (@OfficialFUFA) June 14, 2017
Proline FC Director & CAF Coaching Instructor Mujib Kasule has finally decided to stand for @OfficialFUFA Presidency in upcoming elections. pic.twitter.com/uCAoMhQtlQ — Proline FootballClub (@ProlineFC) June 14, 2017
The post FUFA ELECTIONS: It is Moses Magogo vs Mujib Kasule appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Call for singers, Music on the Hill Summer Chorus performing Randall Thompson's Frostiana and other settings of American poetry. Rehearsals are Tues. and Thurs., July 10 – 31, 7- 9 p.m. at St. Matthew's Episcopal Church, 36 New Canaan Rd., Wilton with a concert on Aug. 2. Register to sing by email to [email protected] or 203-529-3133.
Call for art, LOFT Artists Association is accepting submissions for the 5th annual Tri-State Juried Exhibition. Submissions are due July 16, the exhibit will run Aug. 17 through Sept. 23. Info: loftartists.org.
Seeking artists, the Trumbull Arts Festival Committee is accepting applications from artists, craftpersons and authors for the 40th annual Trumbull Arts Festival to be held on Sept. 16. Info: email [email protected] or call 203-452-5965 for an application.
The Underpants auditions, July 9-10, 7-9 p.m., Sherman Playhouse, 5 Route 39, Sherman. Production to run Sept. 21 to Oct. 13. Info: shermanplayers.org.
Musical submissions, Pantochino Productions is accepting submissions for the Pantochino Original Works (POW) Festival. Submissions must be submitted by Dec. 1 to be considered, chosen productions will be performed in March 2019. Info: pantochino.com/pow-festival.
Call for art, the Kershner Gallery in the Fairfield Library is seeking artists to exhibit about 10 to 15 artworks in 2018 and beyond in a three-person show. Info: fairfieldpubliclibrary.org.
Call for art, the Kershner Gallery in the Fairfield Library is seeking artists to exhibit their work in 2018 and beyond for a three-person show. For more information visit fairfieldpubliclibrary.org.
Call for art, Trumbull Arts Commission is seeking artists and photographers to display their works at the Trumbull Town Gallery for a period of six weeks. For more information, contact Emily Areson at 203-452-5065 or email [email protected]
Call for public art, for 2017 Art On The Stepney Green, sculptors and artists; exhibitions over a 3-month period; send digital portfolio and contact info. to Lee Hossler, [email protected] or call 203-261-5702 for the Public Art Application Packet.
CALGARY — About 100 people are out of their homes after an overnight four-alarm fire that extensively damaged their Calgary condominium.
A total of 64 suites were evacuated when the fire broke out early Wednesday morning at the four-storey complex in the southeast neighbourhood of Inglewood.
There were no injuries and residents say a group of neighbours went around pounding on doors telling everyone to get out.
Eight engines and four ladder trucks were called to the scene and a neighbouring condo was also evacuated as crews fought to keep the flames from spreading.
Fire officials say there's heavy damage to the top floor of the complex, while floors below have water damage.
The cause of the fire is under investigation but residents say the blaze appeared to start on a fourth-floor balcony.
“It was frightening for us because we're older people and we wanted to be sure everybody is out,” said resident Pat Tetley. “We've had alarms before go off, and people take them for granted. Once you saw the fire, you know this is time to leave.”
Tetley's wife, Jane, said some of their neighbours were handing out coffee, blankets and even pairs of shoes once everyone was outside.
“People just ran out with nothing on their feet, so we're very grateful this isn't the middle of winter,” she said.
The exterior of an adjacent building was also damaged.
Calgary fire Chief Steve Dongworth said it's too early to determine the cause of the fire. (CFFR, CTV Calgary)
ATLANTA — UPS says in court records that it suspects one of its pilots obtained secret business plans for the shipping giant's aircraft fleet and posted them online.
The Georgia-based company is taking steps to identify whoever was responsible for posting the strategic plans on an internet message board frequented by pilots.
In a federal lawsuit filed this week, UPS says its strategic plans are highly confidential, and says a PowerPoint presentation was intended only for senior executives.
A judge gave the company permission to subpoena records from Yahoo Holdings Inc. for emails from a specific Yahoo.com email address. UPS also plans to subpoena internet records from a national pilots' union.
UPS spokesman Steve Gaut said the company filed the lawsuit to find out who obtained the plans and posted them online.
COSTA MESA, Calif. — Veteran centre Mike Pouncey agreed to a two-year contract Monday with the Los Angeles Chargers, who added a standout run-blocker to their powerful offence.
Pouncey was released by Miami last week after the three-time Pro Bowl selection refused a pay cut. He started all 16 games for the Dolphins last season, his seventh in the NFL.
The Chargers swooped in to grab a new centerpiece for what's likely to be an impressive offensive line. Los Angeles finished fourth in the league last season with 376.6 yards per game despite fielding only the 26th-best rushing attack.
Philip Rivers was sacked a career-low 18 times last season, but Los Angeles sometimes struggled to get traction with its running game. The offensive line's blocking was considered the primary reason for running back Melvin Gordon's inconsistency, and Pouncey is among the NFL's best run-blocking centres.
Pouncey is the second big-name veteran addition to the Chargers' line in two seasons. Los Angeles signed left tackle Russell Okung to a four-year, $53 million deal last year, and he promptly earned his second Pro Bowl selection in a standout season.
Okung and starting right tackle Joe Barksdale are returning for Los Angeles. Promising right guard Forrest Lamp is healthy after missing his rookie season due to injury, and fellow second-year pro Dan Feeney is likely to be the starting left guard.
Spencer Pulley started all 16 games at centre last season. The former undrafted free agent from Vanderbilt could be a versatile reserve after playing extensively at guard in college.
After winning nine of their final 12 regular-season games and barely missing the playoffs, the Chargers waited several days to make a splashy move in free agency. Los Angeles signed run-blocking tight end Virgil Green away from Denver, and also added kicker Caleb Sturgis to address last season's most problematic position.
The Chargers' only significant free-agent departure so far is seldom-used defensive lineman Jerry Attaochu's move to San Francisco.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Blame N'Delta Leaders for Region's Woes, Says Akinaka
The consensus is that the federal government and oil companies should take the blame for the sordid state of the Niger Delta. But the coordinator of the Pan-Niger Delta Youth Leadership Forum, Richard Akinaka disagrees. He spoke with Ahamefula Ogbu. Excerpts:
What does the Pan-Niger Delta Youths Leadership Forum stand for and while is it protesting?
You can call it a socio-political group for young, responsible and vibrant youth leaders across the Niger Delta to take responsibility for what happens in the region. Often times, we have come to realise that as a people, we have laid too much of the blame of the problems of the Niger Delta on the federal government without necessarily looking back at ourselves and identifying those core areas we have failed our region . The bottom-line is that Nigeria is just a union of convenience, I don't see it as a country where everybody wants to be part of but anytime you find yourself in an unfair unionism like this, you take the best opportunities. As a people, have we not had opportunities? We've had opportunities; but have we managed these opportunities well to the development of our region? No. So as a people we had our inaugural meeting in Calabar and we found out that the greatest problem of the Niger Delta is the Niger Deltan themselves. Our leaders have failed us and this is not just a Niger Delta problem, this could be a Nigerian problem, it could be the problem of the north east, north central or the problem of the South-west but we are trying to take direct responsibility of our own problem , confronting every leadership that has failed us and making sure that we put up structures that will prevent such from happening in the future because you ask yourself, every day you wake up blaming the federal government, blame the Nigerian state for not treating us well but the opportunities we have had, have we used them well? No. Local government administration has failed, state governors have failed. Today you can go to Bayelsa and you can't point out one project since democracy came that Bayelsa can look up to, no.
What of intervention agencies created specifically for the region?
Regional intervention agencies like the NDDC and the Ministry of Niger Delta were created for the region have failed and when you look deep into those things, perhaps some people will say that Amnesty has failed too. When you look at these things you will understand that we need to take responsibility in appraising ourselves how well we have done with resources that came to our region? Of course you have heard some IOCs coming out to say they have given so so amount to the NDDC but do we have commensurate result on ground to show that those monies have come to the region? No. So are we still going to blame the federal government? Blame your own people who have managed these resources poorly and until we do that, we cannot have the moral standing to face outsiders and say you have not treated us well. For instance we are agitating for political space and development in Niger Delta, eventually, as God will have it, we had our own brother as President of this country for six years. Before he became president, the late president granted amnesty to agitators who were in the creeks fighting for the betterment of the region and in solving that problem, he set up structures to address these fundamental developmental issues, environmental issues. You are aware of the Ministry of Niger Delta that was solely created to address infrastructural deficit issues in Niger Delta as part of the amnesty programme. The Environment Ministry was tasked to address the environmental issues, look into the Ogoni cleanup and the entire Niger Delta clean up; you look at the Ministry of Petroleum was tasked by the minister with membership from the Ijaw, the Niger Delta to participate, to make sure that the oil and gas industry accommodates the people which eventually led to the PIB Bill that has struggled all this while. We have the DDR sub-committee that was directly responsible for the disarmament, demobilisation and reintegration of the people that were in the creeks fighting. As God would have it, death took this president and our own brother came on board and every other aspect that would have complemented the growth of the Niger Delta was abandoned by our own brother's government. The only amnesty programme that people know as amnesty is one subcommittee which is DDR aspect which is the only aspect still working now. Every other thing that the president (Yar'Adua) put in place to make sure these things do not happen in the nearby future was abandoned by our own brother with our own people in government, so who are you going to blame, are you going to blame the man from the north for not treating your region well? Capital no. So right now what we are out to do is to appraise ourselves, look deep into areas we have done ourselves disservice and correct those things and move on. That is the essence of this group. Even the concession of refineries which is headed by a man from the Niger Delta, Ibe Kachikwu but he is doing that without consideration for the region.
What grouse does your group have with the concession of the refineries that have not been working well?
The crux of the matter is to hold leadership accountable. If you look at the way Kachikwu is failing on two key areas, you will agree with me. When this renewed agitation came, he started a direct negotiation process with the groups, but when you are fostering or advancing such peace moves, you must be careful not to set precedence that people are being recognised for destroying national assets , for damaging oil facilities. There were the likes of Ateke, Boylof, Africa, Ogunbos who still have capacity but because the government of the day was just coming on and had not found its footing, there was need for the general Niger Delta people to give it time to come out with overall package the government had for the region, started destroying pipelines for their own selfish interests. As a minister, he started talking to the people; it wasn't bad talking to the people to stop what they were doing but you did that at the expense of those who decided to keep the peace in different locations by making them look as if they were not important. That could have made them say oh, because we are keeping the peace that is why they think that we are not important. The minister failed to talk to those who are stakeholders in the region on their own rights. If some of these people say okay let this happen, it will happen within 24 hours. Some of them have greater strength than the so-called Avengers that were destroying the pipelines . He is even patronising them.
Are you saying there are faces now behind the Avengers attacks?
So if they are not known how did they secure the ceasefire? They are known, do you talk with spirits? How was Kachikwu able to secure the ceasefire?
Back to the concession of the refineries, what are your grouses?
The same mistake he is making; these refineries are not working we know, and we know that government does not do well in business and that privatisation is key. If you want to privatise, you must consider the interest of the people, especially those that have suffered the environmental impact of these refineries. I will take you to Okrika and show you the waste water that runs through the densely populated Okochiri from the refinery with horrible chemical odour. Someone has given birth to a deformed baby with six legs there. I will show you the exposed pipelines and you have no consideration for them and shut the door to other people who have capacity to participate in the project by giving it to some privileged people. Are they your private properties that you are dishing out to people you wish? If you are going to privatise, you make it open, advertise and people will participate and those who win will get it. Before you do that, you must set up the right framework. The land for those refineries were given to government on overriding public interest, now you want to concession it to private companies that will make profit out of them why not call the owners of the land and give them the absolute right to negotiate?
But the land is already acquired by government…
Yes, acquired in overriding public interest, now they are going to private people to be managed.
Are there Niger Delta people with resources and capacity to run the refineries well?
The minister said just over a billion dollars was required to turn around those refineries. There are people in the Niger Delta that can raise that though no one keeps that type of money but these are investment opportunities. How much did it take Femi Otedola to turn AP to Forte Oil? Go and look at the history of the takeover of those assets, they were government assets that were given to these people at abysmal and unimaginable rates, today they are billionaires being celebrated by Forbes and the rest of them. Do you think people in the Niger Delta don't have the technical knowhow to secure loans or get counterparts from abroad to manage them and give money back to government?
But the government is negotiating with Nigerian Delta on granting them modular refineries licences, is that not good enough?
We have had this problem of product shortage. This country is large to an extent that most times you experience scarcity of products. Let me tell you, 80 per cent of the products we use in this country are refined by our brothers in the Niger Delta crudely, unguidedly and when the Acting President carried our a fact finding for himself on what actually goes on in the Niger Delta, he realised this and the JTF can attest to this. The diesel they use in Aso Rock I am convinced is refined by our brothers because most of these people who took subsidy, you will see the vessels in the shores of the Niger Delta taking these products from these boys after it has been refined and they will come and claim subsidy for importation. There is already an ugly situation, the environment is being messed up on daily basis; so what we expect is that just as Lagos State turned area boys to LASTMA and provided a framework, using a bad situation to create a good framework, why can't we through the DPR create a regulatory platform, using bad situation to provide jobs for our people and make sure that there is direct labour and help the economy?
But that is the plan of the government…
Didn't you hear what Kachikwu said? That the government is pedaling down on it, perhaps that is why they are concessioning the refineries, that the Niger Delta people don't have the technical know-how , the capacity and that he does not want to destroy the environment the more. The environment is already damaged. We have put in proposals, people have even submitted technical drawings seeking for this licence and he came out to say it was not going to work, talking from both sides of his mouth. When we took up this issue of concessioning of the refineries, he said they were going to do private bidding process and we asked him to make it open after the protest we had in Port Harcourt. We have organised series of protests, the next is going to be in Warri next month. They said they have not concessioned the refinery to anybody and that they are no longer doing it but that is not true. We are saying do it according to the law, let the one that wins take it but don't shut out anyone and infact people from the Niger Delta should be given the first offer of refusal.
Recently Niger Delta Youths asked for return of oil blocks held by northerners following a quit order on Igbo by Arewa Youths Coalition , why such demand?
I listened to the Arewa speech and for me it was one of the most brilliant speech I have heard from a group in northern Nigeria the reason being that when something is not working, you identify clearly that it is not working out. There is no permanent situation in life, so you change. There is nothing in life except God that doesn't change. The agitation for separation is growing louder daily. What I heard them say is that Nigeria can stay as a name but let us have fiscal federalism where everybody is an independent structure contributing to the center.
They asked Igbo to leave; that to me is like a threat and security agencies should handle that. Even if you are not a citizen of the same country and you have right to reside, you have that right to stay in that part of the world. If Nigeria separates today the Igbo should still have the right to live in the northern part of the country if they want but I listened to it carefully and it was a brilliant thing but the threat aspect of it doesn't go down well with me and nobody has monopoly of violence and that is why the group in the Niger Delta came out to say okay if they are threatening people like this, they should leave our oil. It doesn't take anything for anybody to create that kind of problem especially in the Niger Delta that would affect the whole of this country. I like their position except the threat and government should take responsibility and do the needful. That threat they made is more grievous than what Nnamdi Kanu did that cost him years in incarceration. Government must show cause that some people have made a statement capable of disintegrating this country.
Are you for restructuring or for separation?
Nigeria has come to stay as an entity so I am totally in support of fiscal federalism. It has practised it before and that was when development thrived because it created competition and each region wanted to excel.
Quote
Our leaders have failed us and this is not just a Niger Delta problem, this could be a Nigerian problem, it could be the problem of the north east, north central or the problem of the South-west but we are trying to take direct responsibility for our own problem , confronting every leadership that has failed us and making sure that we put up structures that will prevent such from happening in the future
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Leinster MFC: Offaly off to a flier 17 April 2017
A general view of an Offaly flag.
©INPHO/Ryan Byrne. A general view of an Offaly flag.©INPHO/Ryan Byrne.
Offaly 3-18
Wexford 0-6
Cian Johnston bagged a brace of goals as Offaly routed Wexford in the first game of this year's Leinster minor football championship at Bellefield today.
The Faithful will face neighbours Westmeath in the first round proper in five days' time following a dominant performance in Enniscorthy. Points from Mark Newman (two), Johnson and Nathan Poland handed them an early 0-4 to 0-0 lead before Jamie Myler replied with two for the hosts. But it continued to be one-way traffic as Conor Lynam, Johnson (two) and Adam Owens added points to give Offaly a 0-9 to 0-3 lead at the interval.
Farrell and Lynam had further points before the former raised the game's first green flag six minutes after the restart. Sean Ibbotson and Lynam extended the visitors' advantage before Johnson completed the rout with goals in the 48th and 55th minutes.
The early morning rains flooded parts of the country, Odorkor was not left out
The Ghana Meteorological Agency says it didn't forecast that parts of the country will experience heavy rains that could cause flooding.
“We didn't expect the rains to last this long, we forecaseted that it will rain this morning but the amount of rain that we'll get to cause flooding was not forecasted,” Duty Forecaster at the Ghana Meteorological Agency, David Owusu Kesse told Joy FM.
The country's capital, Accra and the Ashanti Regional Capital of Kumasi had heavy rains Friday morning which lasted for hours causing houses and cars in various areas to be submerged.
Several people who left their homes early for work have been stuck in heavy traffic as the flood waters which have taken over some major roads have taken quite some time to recede.
Whereas some of the victims of the rains have climbed to the top of their buildings to seek refuge, others have moved to higher grounds for safety.
قالب وردپرس
Comments
12-Year-Old Ozzie Kid Fools Parents And Holidays In Bali On The Sly [Video]
Armed with his family's credit card and his passport that he managed to trick his grandmother into handing over, a 12-year-old boy flew to Bali because “he wanted to go on an adventure”.
The trip was triggered by a family argument, so says The Guardian, and the boy, who was told he couldn't go to Bali by his mother, managed to “book himself flights (researching an airline that allowed 12-year-olds to fly unaccompanied) and a hotel room, and to depart the country unimpeded”.
Telling his family he was going to school, he “rode his razor scooter to his local train station”, took a train to the airport, used a self-service check-in terminal, boarded a flight for Perth and then another for Indonesia.
That is simple.
Throughout the ordeal, the boy was only quizzed once, when he arrived at Perth and staff asked him for identification to prove he was over 12:
“They just asked for my student ID and passport to prove that I'm over 12 and that I'm in secondary school,” he told A Current Affair. “It was great because I wanted to go on an adventure.”
Once in Bali, he checked in to the Seasons hotel, telling staff he was waiting for his sister to arrive. Ridiculous.
Making the trip independently, he was fetched by his mom, who was no doubt furious, nine days later:
After his school reported he was absent, his family scrambled to find out where he was. Discovering he was in Bali, his mother, Emma, flew there to collect him. Emma said the boy doesn't like hearing the word “no”. It wasn't until Drew posted a video of himself playing in a Bali pool and sharing his location with a friend that the worried parents finally realised he wasn't even in Australia. “Shocked, disgusted, there's no emotion to feel what we felt when we found he left overseas,” she told A Current Affair.
Hilarious.
A Current Affair's take on the situation:
RUNAWAY RASCAL: 12-year-old Drew had a fight with his mum, so he took off to Bali – all by himself. Watch his great escape MONDAY on #9ACA pic.twitter.com/nwg8feWn5E — A Current Affair (@ACurrentAffair9) April 21, 2018
But this wasn't the first time. The boy had previously tried to fly with Qantas and Garuda, but both airlines turned him away before he could board a plane, and allegedly notified the Australian Federal Police and Border Force about his attempts.
That's the reason why his family had hidden his passport in the first place.
No mention of a naughty Ozzie kid is complete without the most famous of all time:
[source:theguardian]
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The leader of a little-known opposition party was briefly brought to trial on Monday for insulting the military, an uncharacteristically rapid progression through the justice system following a warning from Prime Minister Hun Sen against anyone disparaging the armed forces.
“If you are not clear, be silent and be careful…one was already handcuffed on Monday,” Mr. Hun Sen said on Monday morning at a graduation ceremony on Koh Pich island in Phnom Penh. “Please, you be careful with your commentary that affects the armed forces and dignity of all kinds of armed forces.”
His statement came hours before the Phnom Penh Municipal Court charged Sourn Serey Ratha, the leader of the Khmer Power Party (KPP) who was arrested on Sunday, with three counts of incitement for a scathing Facebook post he made on Saturday.
In the post, Mr. Serey Ratha accused generals of the Royal Cambodian Armed Forces of relaxing in air conditioning and enjoying female companionship while rank-and-file soldiers did the fighting, adding that the prime minister “bows down his head” and “enters his adversary's barracks asking for negotiation” after Mr. Hun Sen announced on Friday that he would travel to Laos to discuss a border dispute.
Court spokesman Ly Sophana said on Monday that Mr. Serey Ratha had been charged for inciting military personnel to disobedience, demoralization of the army and incitement to commit a felony.
Mr. Serey Ratha's trial began on Monday but was quickly postponed as he had to find a lawyer, Mr. Sophana said, adding that the trial was scheduled to resume on August 24. He faces a total of up to 12 years in prison and 24 million riels (about $6,000) if convicted of all three charges. A court statement said he was provisionally detained in Prey Sar prison.
Mr. Hun Sen issued a broad threat against any commentators who were considering repeating the themes of Mr. Serey Ratha's screed.
“This is the state's security and national security. It cannot be insulted,” the premier said. “That you are insulting the army cannot be forgiven.”
“Don't say that I am a dictator,” he added, noting that without the implementation of the state of law, there would be anarchy.
Mr. Hun Sen also expounded upon the details of his trip to Vientiane on Saturday, during which he negotiated the withdrawal of a few dozen Laotian troops who were stationed in a disputed area in the north of Stung Treng province.
The dispute arose because the Laotian foreign minister had failed to pass along an August 2 letter from Mr. Hun Sen to his Laotian counterpart, Thongloun Sisoulith, Mr. Hun Sen said.
The premier said he had installed WhatsApp, a popular messaging app, on Mr. Sisoulith's phone during his trip to prevent signals getting crossed in the future.
Mr. Hun Sen also said he had flown to Vientiane to seek a diplomatic solution, in hopes of avoiding an armed clash between the neighboring countries.
“This is not bowing down the head, but it is the political diplomacy with softness and goodwill,” he said.
CNRP spokesman Yim Sovann declined to say what the opposition would have done about the border dispute, but praised any solution that avoided war.
“We would prefer the peaceful solution, any solution that leads to the mutual benefit of the country…and neighboring countries.”
Sebastian Strangio, author of “Hun Sen's Cambodia,” said “tiny Laos” was unlikely to excite much fear and consternation among the Cambodian public, but Mr. Hun Sen would nevertheless try to use it to boost his “strongman credentials” if it dragged on.
“So don't be surprised if this border dispute ‘flares up' again in the run-up to the 2018 election,” he said.
roeun@cambodiadaily.com, obyrne@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
Salt is no longer just plain white.
The kitchen staple now comes in colors that you would typically find in a Crayola box: Himalayan Pink, Hawaiian Black, Persian blue, are some of the gourmet varieties, although they can cost ten times more than your run-of-the-mill table salt.
Selmelier Mark Bitterman -- a selmelier is a specialist who helps you choose the most appropriate salt to season your meal -- has crammed dozens of varieties of salt from all over the world into his salt boutique in New York City, where you can find exotic varieties that can cost up to $272 dollars a pound. Bitterman prefers to call them “craft salts” to reflect the expertise involved in their production, many mined by hand without the use of heavy industrial machinery.
“I like to say we're not looking for a subtle improvement in the flavor of your food," said Bitterman. "We're looking for a mind-blowing improvement. It should taste flat out better."
Chefs like David Burke have their favorites: He uses Himalayan Pink almost exclusively in his restaurants, believing it has added health benefits.
“It's a healthier salt based on its DNA for the human body,” said Burke. “It's the most natural salt for human consumption.”
Chef Marcus Guiliano also promotes a mineral-rich salt, endorsing an American-made brand for his kitchen.
“The great thing about this salt is all the trace minerals that are still intact naturally, the electrolytes that are in there,” said Guiliano. “[This] salt does taste different.”
The health benefits associated with high mineral salts are not entirely clear.
“The thinking is minerals are really important to human health, so if you're going to choose a salt you may as well choose a salt that has more minerals,” said Robin Foroutan, a registered dietitian and nutritionist. “The reality is it may or may not make a really big difference.”
But do they taste better? "GMA" wanted to find out so we asked Chef James Briscione, Director of Culinary Development at the Institute of Culinary Education in New York City, to prepare a blind taste test using an affordable kosher salt, which cost $3 a box, Himalayan Pink salt, $10 a jar, and an expensive French Gourmet salt from France, with a price tag of $48.
We then invited three food professionals, Robert Ramsey, a chef-instructor, Julia Turshen, cook book author, and Rebecca Raben, a student at the Institute for Culinary Education to take part in a two-part taste test. Our panel was asked to sample three pieces of chicken, identified only by a letter, so they couldn't tell which salt went on which piece of chicken. We then instructed them to identify which they liked the best, and then which they thought was the most expensive.
Raben and Turshen picked the expensive French “Fleur de sel” gourmet salt as their favorite.
“I liked that it was assertive really got the salty flavor of it,” said Raben.
When it came to picking which they thought was the most expensive salt, Julia, the cook book author picked the kosher salt.
“My hat's off to Kosher. It really fooled me I thought it was the fancy one,” said Turshen.
While Chef Robert correctly picked the chicken seasoned with the most expensive salt, he actually preferred the taste of the kosher salt.
“I think there are subtle differences that are there,” said Ramsey. “But if I wasn't tasting them back to back I don't think I would be able to taste the difference at all.”
The gourmet salt manufacturers "GMA" contacted said they don't make specific health claims but believe their mineral-rich salts are a better choice, one salt manufacturer told us,
“…natural minerals in even small amounts can certainly come into play with our nutrition.”
According to some chefs when it comes to gourmet salts, texture may make more of a difference than taste and while some gourmet salts might not taste very different from the refined table salt, the colors and shapes lend for a more interesting culinary experience.
As they say, "you eat with your eyes first."
WOLFVILLE, N.S. — Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is expected to speak at a Liberal Party fundraiser at a winery in Nova Scotia's Annapolis Valley on Thursday.
He's set to deliver remarks to party supporters during the event at Lightfoot and Wolfville Vineyards on the Evangeline Trail.
Trudeau is expected to begin speaking at about 7:30 p.m.
In a news release, the federal Liberal Party says it's committed to openness and transparency.
It says a list of guests event will be available within 45 days.
The party says these events are hosted in publicly accessible spaces, and it has also committed to facilitating media coverage.
EDMONTON — Alberta Mounties have laid charges in a high-profile case of a four-year-old girl who died from injuries while in the care of relatives who had taken over as legal guardians from the government.
Brenda Rabbit, 56, and Clyde Rabbit, 55, each face one count of failing to provide the necessities of life.
The accused from the central Alberta reserve of Maskwacis, south of Edmonton, have been released on bail and are to appear in court Nov. 9.
Serenity Rabbit had a severe brain injury when she was taken to hospital where doctors noticed she was underweight and had multiple bruises. She remained on life support for about a week before she died on Sept. 27, 2014.
RCMP Chief Supt. George Stephensen said Friday that he couldn't release many details about the case and defended the length of time it took to get it to court.
“This investigation in my opinion would be one of the most complex investigations that we've done in a long period of time,” said Stephensen, who added that the Crown was consulted on what charges should be laid.
“This has been and continues to be a very difficult time for all who knew Serenity and we feel her loss. Our thoughts are with them.”
Serenity's death drew criticism and concern when details became public last year. Premier Rachel Notley struck an all-party panel to come up with ways to improve child welfare in the province.
It has been reported that there were delays and secrecy over the girl's autopsy and about police and government investigations. It was also reported that the child and youth advocate's office was denied critical information in examining the case.
Earlier this year, Alberta introduced legislation to increase the power of the advocate to investigate deaths of children in government care.
The aboriginal girl had been with foster parents for two years before she was placed in what is called kinship care, a program that aims to keep children with relatives and maintain ties to their culture and communities. The relatives became her legal guardians and the government had not been involved with her for almost a year.
Serenity's birth mother had raised concerns to social workers that the child was being abused, and wanted her moved back to foster care.
“I'm glad to see charges have finally been laid, but I still have questions as to why it took so long,” Alberta Party Leader Greg Clark said in a release. “We still don't have clear answers about what went wrong, and we cannot wait for a fatality inquiry to provide those answers.”
Clark said he wants assurances that court cases related to the abuse or death of children are not delayed.
United Conservative Party members Jason Nixon and Ric McIver, who are on the province's child-welfare panel, also issued a statement that said they are relieved to finally see charges.
“It's clear that this case was mishandled from the very beginning and we must understand what went wrong in order to prevent tragedies like this from happening in the future. The United Conservatives remain committed to getting answers for Serenity's family and seeing that our broken child intervention system is fixed.”
Justice Minister Kathleen Ganley said in a statement that Serenity's death was a “call to action — a symbol of why we must never stop doing everything we can to prevent tragedies like this one.
“Three years is a long time to wait for a family who has already suffered such heartbreaking loss. And we know that Serenity's family, and Albertans, want answers.”
Gombe Students: Learning Under Harsh Conditions
Ugo Aliogo was in Gombe State,
visited some public schools and writes on the sorry state of
infrastructures which make learning an uphill task
From Gombe metropolis to Akko, Nafada and
Balanga, from Billiri to Kaltungo, Shongom to Yamaltu-Deba, Kwami, Dukku and Funakaye, are shameful sights of dilapidated buildings, absence of learning materials let alone welfare packages to motivate the students. The infrastructures are nothing to write home about; some buildings are on the verge of collapse, while some are swimming pools during rainy season. Renovations are not done. The working condition is bad, classrooms are small, broken chairs and tables litter the floor. Walls are now used as chalkboards. New students are admitted every year with no adequate plans for the erection of buildings and facilities. Ventilation is poor.
Teachers go to classes with towels and handkerchiefs to wipe sweat from their brows and faces coupled with hand fan to aid ventilation. The staff rooms are stuffy. Both the students and teachers sit on woods in some schools. The environment is not conducive for learning and teaching. Students were seen in small groups, while some were discussing, others were cooking in an unhygienic setting. To also make pocket money, one of them was seen cutting the hair of others and charging them N50. Such is the fate of students in Government Science Secondary School in Kaltungo Local Government Area of the state.
Some teachers were on ground and gladly took this reporter round the large expanse of land hosting the secondary school. All the laboratories are no longer functional. Nothing seems to be working in the entire school. One of the teachers who preferred anonymity told THISDAY that the poor working condition and the absence of motivation and remuneration reduces teachers' commitment.
“Salaries are not paid regularly, teachers are only motivated by their intrinsic values and that is for those who love teaching. The absence of the extrinsic values in terms of regular and high salaries, good working condition and promotion at the appropriate time drain the teachers' morale to teach.
“If they are not motivated, they will not give their best and only the God-fearing ones will go to classes to teach, and if teachers don't teach, the appropriate learning process will not take place. The students come to school with nothing new to learn.” Another teacher who wouldn't want his name mentioned, said Hassan Governor Dakwambo has completely neglected the sector just like other areas of the economy. He regretted that the same governor is seeking to contest for presidency despite his failures in the state.
One of the students who introduced himself as
Ismaila Aliyu, said they were writing their examination and
that was why they are still around. “We are suffering.
Nobody cares about us but we are just determined to endure
and pass through this stage. The government has abandoned
us. It is a boarding school but there is no food for us to
eat. Even our hostels are all in bad shape. There are no
roofs in many of the buildings as you can see and when it is
raining, all of us here will move to one of the hostels that
is still manageable.
Another sad development noticed in Gombe State beside the primary and secondary schools is that there are higher institution that are inaugurated but are not yet functional in spite of the fact they were declared ready and inaugurated for take-off. One of these is the University of Science and Technology in Kumo. From the main gate, gigantic buildings, lecture halls and other administrative buildings have been taken over by bushes. The institution that should be churning out graduates has become home for reptiles and other animals. One imagines why the resources that were sunk into building those structures were wasted. Another is the College of Education in Billiri. Although functional, the only visible building beside the main gate is the administrative building and a few lecture halls.
THISDAY spoke with a second year Integrated Science student, Aishat Bello. She complained of the deficit in infrastructure and appealed to the governor to equip the school. According to her, they have a clinic but it is like a mortuary because there are no drugs at all to take care of their medical needs. The state also boasts of an abandoned College of Nursing and Midwifery in Dukku. Bushes have overtaken the school. No academic programme is going on there in spite of all the billions of naira that went into it.
“Sadly, the level, quality and standard of education in the state has witnessed a geometric
drop and this unfortunate trend has made the state rated low in national examinations. As the administration of Dakwambo comes to a close next year, it is expected that the people would elect a governor that is education-friendly.
“An administrator who would overhaul the education sector and introduce world-class learning facilities with a dedicated workforce; pay special attention to education and ensure that all tiers of institutions are equipped with adequate manpower and conducive learning environment. World class education is needed to empower the people and the best investment is in the intellectual development which only quality education can guarantee.”
The education system needs to be cleaned up. There are no facilities in virtually all the government-owned primary and secondary schools visited. No toilets, no water and no electricity. The current administration has neglected the sector and other areas of the economy that could have improved the lives of the people despite the enormous financial resources it has received.
Without education, every other empowerment is nothing. Majority of the indigenes are out of school. Gombe needs someone that will invest in education and turn around the sorry state in order to ensure the prosperity of the people. Teachers need to be empowered and learning made enjoyable to all students. School drop-out should be encouraged to return to school and generally make living better for the people rather than pay lip service to governance.”Education is the fulcrum of the nation's development. It is the foundation upon which all other sectors are built. If the foundation is faulty, it is not likely to produce any good product.
Sadly, the poor citizens are at the receiving end. The bourgeoisie is exploiting the proletariat. The rich politicians are sending their children to study abroad sponsoring them with the nation's resources. The children of the poor citizens are struggling and competing for the available pieces of the junk and remnants of the National cake.
No wonder Karl Marx said the society will always be in status quo. The rich will become richer while the poor poorer. Occupants of the upper social class are protecting their children from witnessing the consequences of their actions leaving the innocent ones to bear the brunt.
Financial resources are not used for what they are meant for. The allocated budget for the sector is being embezzled for personal use. The government no longer focuses on the education sector. There is no more free education and the so-called free education is not free. Exorbitant money is paid as school fees and all sorts of levies. Some people drop out of school as a result of the inability to pay fees. Students lose admission into tertiary institution due to lack of financial resources. Scholarships are reducing at a rapid rate. The scholarships that are meant for the less privileged are being channeled to the rich. There is politics in the educational sector. Schools have turned into financial institutions and business centres.
Hence, teachers go on strike in order to make demands and negotiations. There is always a conflict between the union leaders (ASUU and NUT) and the government as to the problems encountered by the education sector. Schools are closed down for months and the government will not move an inch in trying to resolve the disagreement. The lackadaisical and selfish attitude is so because their wards and children are not schooling in the country. Gombe, usually referred to as Gombe State to distinguish it from the city of Gombe, is located in the north-eastern part of Nigeria. The boundaries of the state roughly correspond to those of the Tangale-Waja Chiefdom and Gombe Emirate, a traditional state.
Demography
Gombe State is a multi-ethnic society which comprises the dominant Fulani tribe, which inhabits the northern part of the state and Tangale which occupies the southern part of the state.
Other ethnicities such as the Tera, Waja, Bolewa, Kanuri and Hausa with their different cultural as well as lingual affiliations. The second largest ethnic group is the Tera which occupies greater part of Yamaltu Deba Local Government. Gombe State is also blessed with some minority ethnic group among others Dadiya, Waja and which occupy a sizeable part of some areas of southern part of the state. The state capital, Gombe, is a reflection of the heterogeneity of the state.
The state, nicknamed the Jewel of Excellence, was formed in October 1996 from part of the old Bauchi State by the late Abacha military government. Its location in the north-eastern zone within the expansive Savannah, allows the state to share common borders with the Borno, Yobe, Taraba, Adamawa and Bauchi States.
The state has an area of 20,265 km². Gombe has two distinct climates, the dry season (November-March) and the rainy season (April-October) with an average rainfall of 850mm. Gombe has 11 local government areas and 14 emirates/chiefdoms.
The post Gombe Students: Learning Under Harsh Conditions appeared first on THISDAYLIVE.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: citifmonline.com
2017-10-06
The Office of the Special Prosecutor is to enable government deal with issues of corruption
The report of Parliament's Constitutional, Legal and Parliamentary Affairs Committee, on the Office of the Special Prosecutor Bill, is expected to be laid later today [Friday].
This follows the Committee's conclusion of consultations with various stakeholders concerned with the Bill.
The objective of the Bill is to establish a specialized agency to investigate specific cases of corruption involving public officers, as well as individuals in the private sector implicated in corrupt acts.
Ahead of the presentation of the report to the House, Vice Chairman of the Constitutional, Legal and Parliamentary Affairs Committee, Alexander Abban, told Citi News that a serious debate awaits the laying of the bill.
“We as a committee advertised for the submission of memoranda by CSOs, individuals, and anybody who cared to submit one. There are people who even think that the whole exercise becomes unconstitutional with regards to the provisions in article 88 of the constitution, others think otherwise. So the lines are drawn for heavy debate on this matter on the floor of Parliament,” he added.
Meanwhile, Senior Law Lecturer at the University of Ghana, Dr. Raymond Atuguba, argues that Parliament does not have the powers to consider the Special Prosecutor Bill.
Speaking at a forum organized by the Centre for Social Democracy at the University of Ghana Political Science Department, Dr. Atuguba said Parliament is constitutionally constrained from considering the Bill and approving it.
“Absent an amendment of the constitution, there is no iota of prosecutorial powers left anywhere to be given to anybody. So Parliament itself is constitutionally constrained from giving prosecutorial powers to an independent special prosecutor because Parliament cannot do that. Those powers have already been vested in one person [Attorney General],” he added.
About Special prosecutor office
The Office of the Special Prosecutor is to enable the government deal with issues of corruption, especially among state officials.
Under the Bill, an independent prosecutor will head the office and prosecute corruption offenses by state officers.
It was one of the major promises made by President Akufo-Addo as part of his plans to deal with corruption in government.
The Bill which was laid before Parliament was later withdrawn after the Minority challenged the procedure for laying it, claiming it was unconstitutional.
The Bill was subsequently re-laid before the House.
UK Prime Minister Theresa May has stunned Westminster and the country after she announced that voters will go to the polls on June 8, 2017 ahead of a general election.
In an historic speech outside the famous black door of No 10, the Prime Minister said she had taken the decision with ‘reluctance' but said it was necessary to give her a strong mandate in her Brexit talks.
Here is the full statement below:
“I have just chaired a meeting of the cabinet, where we agreed that the government should call a general election, to be held on 8 June.
“I want to explain the reasons for that decision, what will happen next and the choice facing the British people when you come to vote in this election.
“Last summer, after the country voted to leave the European Union, Britain needed certainty, stability and strong leadership, and since I became prime minister the government has delivered precisely that.
“Despite predictions of immediate financial and economic danger, since the referendum we have seen consumer confidence remain high, record numbers of jobs, and economic growth that has exceeded all expectations.
“We have also delivered on the mandate that we were handed by the referendum result. Britain is leaving the European Union and there can be no turning back.
“And as we look to the future, the Government has the right plan for negotiating our new relationship with Europe.
“We want a deep and special partnership between a strong and successful European Union and a United Kingdom that is free to chart its own way in the world.
“That means we will regain control of our own money, our own laws and our own borders and we will be free to strike trade deals with old friends and new partners all around the world.
“This is the right approach, and it is in the national interest. But the other political parties oppose it.
“At this moment of enormous national significance there should be unity here in Westminster, but instead there is division. The country is coming together, but Westminster is not.
“In recent weeks Labour has threatened to vote against the final agreement we reach with the European Union. The Liberal Democrats have said they want to grind the business of government to a standstill.
“The Scottish National Party say they will vote against the legislation that formally repeals Britain's membership of the European Union. And unelected members of the House of Lords have vowed to fight us every step of the way.
“Our opponents believe because the government's majority is so small, that our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change course. They are wrong.
“They underestimate our determination to get the job done and I am not prepared to let them endanger the security of millions of working people across the country.
“Because what they are doing jeopardises the work we must do to prepare for Brexit at home and it weakens the government's negotiating position in Europe.
“If we do not hold a general election now their political game-playing will continue, and the negotiations with the European Union will reach their most difficult stage in the run-up to the next scheduled election.
“Division in Westminster will risk our ability to make a success of Brexit and it will cause damaging uncertainty and instability to the country.
“So we need a general election and we need one now, because we have at this moment a one-off chance to get this done while the European Union agrees its negotiating position and before the detailed talks begin.
“I have only recently and reluctantly come to this conclusion. Since I became prime minister I have said that there should be no election until 2020, but now I have concluded that the only way to guarantee certainty and stability for the years ahead is to hold this election and seek your support for the decisions I must take.
“And so tomorrow I will move a motion in the House of Commons calling for a general election to be held on 8 June. That motion, as set out by the Fixed-Term Parliaments Act, will require a two-thirds majority of the House of Commons.
“So I have a simple challenge to the opposition parties, you have criticised the government's vision for Brexit, you have challenged our objectives, you have threatened to block the legislation we put before Parliament.
“This is your moment to show you mean it, to show you are not opposing the government for the sake of it, to show that you do not treat politics as a game.
“Let us tomorrow vote for an election, let us put forward our plans for Brexit and our alternative programmes for government and then let the people decide.
“And the decision facing the country will be all about leadership. It will be a choice between strong and stable leadership in the national interest, with me as your prime minister, or weak and unstable coalition government, led by Jeremy Corbyn, propped up by the Liberal Democrats, who want to reopen the divisions of the referendum, and Nicola Sturgeon and the SNP.
“Every vote for the Conservatives will make it harder for opposition politicians who want to stop me from getting the job done.
“Every vote for the Conservatives will make me stronger when I negotiate for Britain with the prime ministers, presidents and chancellors of the European Union.
“Every vote for the Conservatives means we can stick to our plan for a stronger Britain and take the right long-term decisions for a more secure future.
“It was with reluctance that I decided the country needs this election, but it is with strong conviction that I say it is necessary to secure the strong and stable leadership the country needs to see us through Brexit and beyond.
“So, tomorrow, let the House of Commons vote for an election, let everybody put forward their proposals for Brexit and their programmes for government, and let us remove the risk of uncertainty and instability and continue to give the country the strong and stable leadership it demands.”
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
The rule of sequels, generally speaking, is that the bigger the number after the title, the worse the quality, box office and critical ratings. But The Purge, now in its fourth chapter, seems to be bucking that trend – each instalment has seen a mild bump at the box office, and while the reviews have never been great, neither have they gotten worse.
I daresay The First Purge may be more of the same; on a budget of $13-million, it's unlikely to lose money. But unless you thrill to evildoers getting their comeuppance with a splash of red and no shades of grey, this may be where you'd be wise to cleanse yourself of the series' influence.
Gerard McMurray takes over as director from James DeMonaco, who stays on as the sole writer of this chapter. As the title suggests, the setting is prior to the first purge movie, which imaged a future America (it was set in 2022) in which, for one night a year, all crime was legal.
Pedants have long questioned the fine print of such an event. What if I injure someone on Purge night and they later succumb to their injuries? What if I start a crime but don't quite finish in time?
Personally, I've been more interested in what the Purge would look like in Canada. I imagine a night of harassing federally protected migratory birds, illegal parking, and cheating at Trivial Pursuit. (I'd also fail to separate my recycling, and maybe grow more pot plants than allowed.)
In The First Purge, a vague new political party (the New Founding Fathers of America) with an ugly flag are financing a “science experiment” on Staten Island, seeing what would happen if people get a night off from being law-abiding citizens. You have to feel for the Five Boroughs; first Manhattan becomes a prison in Escape from New York, and now this.
The experiment is run by a government functionary (Patch Darragh, terribly underwritten) and a social scientist (Marisa Tomei, woefully miscast), the latter of whom mysteriously develops a conscience halfway through the movie. But the real victims are the poor Staten Islanders who have accepted $5,000 cheques for staying home on Purge night.
Chief among them are Isaiah (Joivan Wade), a young man who sees the Purge as an opportunity to get even with a local psycho who goes by the name Skeletor; his sister Nya (Lex Scott Davis), who just wants to keep her community safe through the night; and Dmitri (Y'lan Noel), a local drug kingpin.
The actors do good work, which is the sole reason to even consider watching The First Purge. And there are a few interesting ideas swimming around in the soup of DeMonaco's screenplay. The notion of rival gangs who have one night to attack each other with impunity could make for a fascinating thriller along the lines of The Raid or Assault on Precinct 13, minus the cops. Isaiah, torn between the desire for vengeance and an innate goodness, makes an appealing anti-hero.
Alas, The First Purge has no time for such thought-provoking plotlines. Instead, the movie imagines that a night of lawlessness quickly turns into a giant rave/street party, until the evil government types tire of all this peace, love and understanding, and unleash hired white-supremacist militias on the mostly black populace.
The result is that the criticism of economic inequality seen in the first three Purge films – which, I know, is closely tied to race – is siphoned away in favour of a simpler black/white, government/citizen showdown. Dmitri ends up cast as a combination of Rambo and John McClane, culminating in the most ludicrous escape since Indiana Jones survived a nuclear blast by hiding in a fridge.
“It's over?” someone asks after this scene, just as I was checking my watch (one hour and 37 minutes; feels longer) and wondering the same thing. The answer: “For now.” And he's right; The Purge will be back in September in the form of a TV series, and quite possibly in yet another movie. Though if you're anxious to avoid that, do what many in the film do on Purge night and stay home. Remember, you can't spell Purge without a.
2 stars
The First Purge opens across Canada – and, more importantly, the U.S. – on July 4.
OMAHA, Neb. (AP) — CSX wants its shareholders to vote on the demands a hedge fund is making as it seeks to install the executive who led Canadian Pacific's turnaround at the U.S. railroad.
The Jacksonville, Florida-based CSX said Tuesday it will call a special shareholder meeting so investors can have a say on the requests from Paul Hilal's hedge fund, which it detailed in a statement.
The railroad said the hedge fund and railroad executive Hunter Harrison want excessive compensation and enough board seats to effectively control CSX even though the Mantle Ridge fund controls less than 5 percent of the railroad's stock.
CSX said it is open to hire Harrison to lead the railroad, but not on the expensive terms he wants. The railroad said it estimates that Harrison's requested compensation would cost more than $300 million over four years with much of the payment coming up front.
"The CSX board believes such an employment arrangement for an incoming CEO is exceptionally unusual if not unprecedented," the railroad said in a statement.
The Mantle Ridge hedge fund said it holds 4.9 percent of CSX's stock and wants the railroad to install the operating model Harrison used at CP and Canadian National to reduce costs and improve profits.
Hilal said he had hoped to negotiate an agreement privately, but he welcomed the shareholder vote.
"We remain fully confident in a favorable outcome for CSX and its shareholders and are excited about the future," Hilal said.
The date of the special shareholder meeting has not been set, but investors must own CSX stock on March 16 to have a vote.
CSX Corp.'s current Chairman and CEO Michael Ward is nearing retirement, and the railroad said it was engaged in succession planning when it was approached by Hilal's hedge fund last month.
The 72-year-old Harrison retired last month from Canadian Pacific railroad several months earlier than he planned and negotiated an agreement that would let him work at either CSX or Norfolk Southern railroads.
Harrison came out of retirement in 2012 to lead Canadian Pacific after Pershing Square Capital took a large stake in the railroad and forced management changes.
A year ago, Harrison led a failed Canadian Pacific bid to acquire Norfolk Southern railroad. Canadian Pacific abandoned its roughly $30 billion bid for Norfolk Southern Corp. after encountering opposition from the railroad, politicians and some customers.
PHILADELPHIA — Joel Embiid and Ben Simmons shined again in front of rapper Meek Mill, and the dominant duo ushered the nightmares-into-dreams Process of the Philadelphia 76ers into the second round with a 104-91 win over the Miami Heat on Tuesday night.
The 76ers, winners of 10 games just two seasons ago, are in the second round of the Eastern Conference playoffs for the first time since 2012.
They await the winner of Milwaukee-Boston. The Celtics lead the series 3-2.
The Sixers won the series 4-1 and turned the Wells Fargo Center into the wildest house party in the city. Embiid had 19 points and 12 rebounds, Simmons had 14 points and 10 boards, and the entire team had rappers, politicians, actors and kids dancing along for the ride.
Mill made a dramatic return hours after Pennsylvania's highest court ordered him freed while he appeals decade-old gun and drug convictions.
He was taken from prison by helicopter to Philadelphia, where he rang the ceremonial bell at the start of Game 5.
“Welcome home Meek Mill,” was about all that was heard from the public address announcer as wild cheers drowned out the rest. Mill sat courtside next to actor and noted Sixers fan Kevin Hart and Sixers co-owner Michael Rubin.
Hart grabbed the mic after the game and yelled, “Let's give it up for Joel Embiid!”
Before the game, Mill visited privately with the Sixers in their locker room.
Hart talked trash, wandered onto the edge of the court to rile up fans and palled around with Mill as the young and gettin' it Sixers proved they just might be the team to beat in the East.
They'll have plenty of time to rest and recover — Embiid again played in a black mask to guard a face injury — with the other Eastern Conference playoff series expected to stretch into the weekend.
The 76ers were buzzing once Mill's release made headline news in the city. Rubin had organized prison trips with Embiid, Simmons and Markelle Fultz, and the rapper's songs played in the locker room and during warmups.
Simmons called Mill's presence “amazing.”
“Just having someone that looks out for us, all of us here, it would just mean a lot to him to be back in Philly, in the city of Philadelphia with the fans, especially with a game like that tonight,” Simmons said.
Mill breezed into the locker room about 45 minutes before tip and hugged some of the Sixers. Mill was met with a crush of media and celebrity fans as he tried to take his courtside seat. Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie and retired boxing great Bernard Hopkins sat near Hart and Mill, and Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf joined them in the second half. The national champion Villanova Wildcats posed for pictures with Mill in the locker room.
What they saw was just the latest beatdown from a franchise whose maligned rebuild has morphed into the one of the trendiest terms in sports.
The Sixers outscored the Heat by 14 in the third quarter to snap a tie game and had fans belting “Trust the Process!”
Goran Dragic was whistled for a technical after slapping Simmons on the backside of his head, and that got the crowd howling early in the third. Simmons kept his cool — the rookie is rarely rattled — and made the Heat pay. JJ Redick sank the free throw off the technical, and Simmons kicked the ball out to Robert Covington on the possession for a 3 and a 54-48 lead. Redick followed with his third 3, and Philly was litty again.
Redick, who scored 27, sank the dagger late in the fourth that sent confetti flying, team flags waving and put a late-night celebration on deck.
TIP-INS
Heat: Josh Richardson played with a sprained left shoulder. He picked up three fouls in his first 2 minutes. … James Johnson was hit with personal and technical fouls late in the fourth that ended a 10-0 Miami run. … Dwyane Wade is considering retirement. … Justise Winslow led the Heat with 18 points.
76ers: Redick was whistled for a technical foul in the first half. … Missed 10 of 12 3s in the first half.
——
For more AP NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Their abiding emotion, however, was perhaps one of confusion. For the uninitiated, Barcelona, Catalonia's capital, is simply a tourist attraction best known for tapas, its world-beating soccer team and, at a stretch, the works of Antoni Gaudí, the architect of the Sagrada Família.
Photo
“I didn't understand how Catalonia was separate from Spain, much less Barcelona,” said Debbie VanHoosen, 52, a mortgage bank manager from Colorado who was visiting with a friend. “I thought it was like the state of Texas talking about seceding from the U.S.”
“We were oblivious Americans — oblivious to the rest of the world,” Ms. VanHoosen added jokingly.
But such surprise was not limited to Americans. Europeans like Rachel Dick, a Scottish waitress, spoke of the “weirdness” of the jolt to her conception of Western Europe, and of the realization that Barcelona was not an immortal part of Spain.
This, in turn, sparked a moment of introspection from Ms. Dick's companion, Victoria Forbes. What if their limited understanding of Catalan nationalism made them no different from foreigners with a comic ignorance of Britain's regional complexities?
“It's like speaking to people in America and trying to explain that the U.K. is actually four places” — England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland — said Ms. Forbes, a geology student, “and that I don't live in England if I'm from Scotland.”
Amid the buskers playing the “Godfather” theme song and the flag-waving tour guides leading their groups through the crowds, there were, nevertheless, visitors with a richer sense of Catalan history.
Photo
Mark Langer, a lawyer from Washington and a former student of modern European history, could narrate how the process of unifying parts of Spain accelerated under Ferdinand II and Isabella I in the 15th century, and could explain the loss of Catalan autonomy under Felipe V.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
On the other side of the square, an Irish couple said that the history of their own country's independence movement meant that Catalan nationalism typically received more coverage in the Irish news media than elsewhere.
“Being Irish, you're a bit more aware of sectional communities or smaller communities within a bigger country,” said Kevin O'Donnell, a product manager visiting from Dublin with his wife, Neasa. “That news resonates more.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
People who find themselves at the site of a global news event often report that the situation on the ground is often less frightening or chaotic than it appears on television, thousands of miles away.
Tourists in Barcelona this week reported the same phenomenon. After scenes of violent clashes with police officers and mass demonstrations appeared on the news, tourists reported receiving anxious text messages from relatives, warning them to be careful. But on the ground, most found the situation to be “very safe,” as Ms. Hoeseth put it.
There had been some disruption to people's schedules, particularly on Tuesday, when a general strike closed most tourist sites and transport links, and delayed several international flights.
Photo
Arriving at the airport, Ms. VanHoosen had not been able to take a taxi into town. Mr. Anderssen and Ms. Hoeseth had to cancel their initial trip to the Sagrada Família, as did Ms. Dick and Ms. Forbes.
But it was no great hardship, Ms. Forbes said, adding, “Then we thought: Let's just go to the beach.”
In fact, it had even all been “very exciting,” said Ms. Dick, whose first act in central Barcelona was to wander innocently into the thick of a large pro-independence demonstration.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It's been nice to be here and see a bit of history,” she said.
For Mr. Langer, the lawyer, and his friend Lavardo Wilkins, an Uber driver also from Washington, it was rewarding to witness a movement of people working for a common purpose.
Though more than half of Catalans did not, in fact, participate in the voting, the number of Catalan flags on display in the streets and the regularity of pro-independence rallies have created the impression of a population united in search of independence.
“The solidarity is amazing,” Mr. Langer said.
“We're Americans, and we don't have that right now,” Mr. Wilkins said, alluding to the bitter political discourse in the United States.
But then Mr. Langer had another thought. “If we were in Madrid,” he said, where there is widely visible resentment of Catalan nationalism, “maybe we'd feel the exact opposite.”
Insecurity: Nigeria now ripe for state police – Zamfara Gov – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Thieves stole $2 million worth of jewelry from Alanis Morissette's Los Angeles home last week, TMZ reports. Details from the theft are sparse, but the burglars reportedly nabbed the jewels from a “very secure area” in the Brentwood home. Morisette wasn't home at the time.
The burglary comes just weeks after Morissette's former manager Jonathan Schwartz admitted to stealing $4.8 million from the singer between 2009 and 2016.
Smartwatch prototype uses laser projection to turn your arm into a touchscreen
Researchers at Carnegie Mellon have developed a prototype for a next-gen smartwatch that vastly increases its capacitive touch surface area by projecting a touchscreen onto a user's arm.
The post Smartwatch prototype uses laser projection to turn your arm into a touchscreen appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON — Federal environmental regulators say they'll consult with states on managing contamination from a range of long-used non-stick coatings.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said Monday it would hold a May summit with state officials. The session will focus on a family of industrial chemicals used for decades in everything from non-stick pans to food wrappers to bags for microwaveable popcorn. The chemicals are known as perfluoralkyls and polyfluoralkyls, or PFAs. Studies now link long-term exposure to the industrial chemicals to increased risks of cancer, hormone changes and other disturbances.
Researchers say water supplies serving millions of Americans show potentially dangerous levels of the contaminants.
The EPA says it will use input from state officials to develop a new management plan for the chemicals this year.
BEIJING — The founder and former head of the sprawling Chinese insurance group that owns New York's famed Waldorf Astoria Hotel is appealing his sentence of 18 years in prison for fraud.
A lawyer for Wu Xiaohui told The Associated Press on Wednesday that his client would seek to have the charges against him dismissed.
Lawyer Chen Youxi said the charges were not supported by evidence, but declined to provide further information.
Prior to Wu's sentencing earlier this month, his Anbang Insurance Group acquired a vast range of global assets and discussed possibly investing in a Manhattan skyscraper owned by the family of U.S. President Donald Trump's son-in-law and adviser, Jared Kushner. Those talks ended last year with no deal.
The Shanghai No. 1 Intermediate People's Court said Wu pleaded guilty at trial to fraudulently raising billions of dollars from investors.
The court also ordered the confiscation of 10.5 billion yuan ($1.6 billion) in assets from Wu, who founded privately-owned Anbang in 2004.
Wu was accused of misleading investors and diverting money for his own use. He was detained last year and regulators seized control of Anbang in February. He was shown on state TV in March admitting guilt.
Wu initially had denied his guilt at his one-day trial, according to a court statement.
Court documents quoted by state media said Wu concealed his ownership of shares in companies controlled by Anbang, filed false statements with financial authorities and lured investors by offering a rate of return above that offered elsewhere. Much of the business relied on selling insurance products to raise investment capital.
They said he used more than 100 companies under his control to manage funds and used his position to misappropriate 10 billion yuan ($1.5 billion) in Anbang's deposits.
Rights watchdog wants state to compensate deported Miguna – The Star, Kenya
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Paa Kwesi Fabin wants more from his players
Head coach of Black Starlets Samuel Paa Kwesi Fabin has expressed his displeasure with his team's performance despite beating Colombia in the opening fixture of the ongoing U-17 FIFA World Cup.
The two-time world champions got off to a flying start in the biennial competition when they defeated Colombia 1-0 at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, courtesy a 39th minute strike by Sadiq Ibrahim.
In his post-match interview, coach Fabin expressed his dissatisfaction with their display.
“I'm a bit disappointed in the play because that's not how we play. We keep the ball and pass it around but it looked as if we abandoned our style and we were trying to play long balls like the Colombians and it was not working for for us,” Fabin fumed.
“But I'm happy because it's group stage and to have taken three points in your first match, it's good, it's very good, so I'm happy for that.”
“I'll give credit to our goalkeeper and the defence, I think they did tremendously well.”
Ghana will play USA in their second game of the group at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium on Monday.
قالب وردپرس
Comments
A THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. — The Los Angeles Rams have picked up their fifth-year contract options for 2019 on running back Todd Gurley and cornerback Marcus Peters.
The Rams announced their easiest decisions of the off-season Tuesday.
Gurley led the NFL in all-purpose yards as the league's Offensive Player of the Year last season, thriving in new coach Sean McVay's offence. He rushed for 1,305 yards and 13 touchdowns while catching 64 passes for 788 yards and six more scores.
The Rams acquired Peters from the Chiefs in February, and he is expected to start alongside fellow newcomer Aqib Talib. Peters earned two Pro Bowl selections and made 19 interceptions during his three seasons in Kansas City.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Aviation fuel franchise: How Nigeria lost to Ghana, Gabon
By Louis Ibah
Nigeria is losing on all fronts in the unfolding aviation fuel supply drama in the West African sub-region. Stakeholders however, say that despite its enormous hydrocarbon reserve as Africa's number one producer, local and international airline operators seem to have found a new market for cheap aviation fuel in Ghana and other ECOWAS states to the detriment of Nigeria. At present, other locations supplying Jet A1 to airlines in the sub-region, according to reports, include Gabon, Liberia and Sierra Leone with many trooping to these countries to refuel.
For Nigeria's domestic airlines, the scarcity of the product has kept airlines from fulfilling the statutory function of ferrying passengers to their destinations especially during Christmas and New Year.
Daily Sun investigations show that nearly 30 per cent of scheduled commercial flights were cancelled at various airports across the country, with 70 per cent rescheduled owing to the inability of airlines to source fuel internally to power their aircraft.
But Secretary General of the National Union of Air Transport Employees (NUATE), Mr. Olayinka Abioye, told Daily Sun at the Lagos airport that there has been rising incidences of assault on airline staff by frustrated passengers whenever flights are cancelled or delayed.
“Fuel supply crisis is getting worse and flight cancellations and delays have also risen that airline staff are now targets of assault by aggrieved passengers,” Abioye said.
Fuel accounts for almost 40 per cent of the overhead of airlines and many would always head for markets where it is sold cheap. “Almost all the foreign airlines operating into Nigeria now refuel outside this country once they load their passengers or cargo,” a senior official of one of the oil marketing firms at the Lagos airport told Daily Sun.
“They either go to Ghana or any of the neighbouring countries. The impact is not just restricted to the airlines as even oil marketers are losing as well. It is a worrisome development because as long as we are not selling the volume we ought to sell, it is bound to affect our revenue and obligations to shareholders and staff,” said the official who wouldn't want to be named. But unlike in the past when Nigeria had functional refineries producing Jet A1 to meet the needs of domestic and international airlines, the product today is 100 per cent imported. Available records show that between 2014 and 2016 Nigeria has witnessed the worst scarcity of the commodity than ever before as import of the product is subject to the vagaries of the foreign exchange market.
For instance, in 2016 alone, cost per litre of aviation fuel rose from N120 per litre to N175 and later to N250. In the northern part of the country, it could sell for as high as N270 per litre.
This shows that while aviation fuel is sold at between N250 and N270 in Nigeria, the product is sold at N110 per litre in Accra as the Ghanaian government deliberately crashed the price of the product by 20 per cent recently to woo airlines from Nigeria to Ghana. Who gains? It is the Ghanaian oil marketers and the banks, of course. Travel agents in Ghana are also reported to be smiling to the banks as several foreign airlines have since relocated their sales and ticketing offices to the country while their Nigerian counterparts continue to suffer losses.
The Ghanaian Airport Authority is also making money because each time an aircraft lands to pick up fuel, it pays landing or parking charges to Ghana. At present, some of the airlines lifting passengers in Nigeria and refuelling outside the country include, Delta Air Lines, Arik Air, Medview, Emirates and South African Airlines. What these airlines enjoy is the fact that they have offices and ground staff at airports in these West African countries who facilitate the purchase of fuel with ease for them. The airlines, it should be noted, are already carrying out scheduled flight operations out of these airports and each shuttle to neighbouring countries to refuel comes with its own inconveniences to Nigerian passengers. An aircraft, which is supposed to have embarked on a straight flight from Lagos to Dubai or Lagos to Atlanta now gets to spend nearly half an hour on ground in Accra or Libreville just to get its tank refuelled, thereby causing a big disruption on the original planned departure and arrival for such Nigerian passengers.
Regional Manager, West and East Africa for South African Airways, Mr. Ohis Ehimaghe, who confirmed that the airline picks up passengers in Nigeria, but refuels in Ghana and Gabon, noted that the scarcity of the product in Nigeria had done incalculable damage to the airlines' business plan.
“In the last two weeks, there has been total dryness of aviation fuel supply. We have to go to neighbouring countries, especially Ghana, to lift fuel. Ghana is running dry of the commodity too. Our Abuja flights have been flying to Libreville, Gabon, to lift fuel and this is an additional cost to our operations,” he added.
Managing Director/CEO of Medview Airlines, Muneer Bankole, also said the recent foray of the airline into Monrovia, Liberia and Freetown, Sierra Leone, from the Lagos airport would provide opportunity for the airline to refuel at a cheaper cost. “We bought fuel at N250 per litre in Nigeria and fuel is still about 58-70 cents in Freetown and that's the gain for us when returning. So we take fuel as Freetown and is now a turnaround location for us where we top up the fuel,” he added.
The losers
There are seven local airlines whose financial fortunes would be deeply affected by what is happening in the aviation supply chain. These are Arik Air, First Nation, Azman Air, Aero Contractors, Dana Air and Air Peace. Industry sources say an estimated N200 million is lost daily by local airlines due to rescheduled and cancelled flights, a fallout of the fuel supply crisis in Nigeria.
Aviation fuel supplied to local airline has remained the highest in the world as it is still being imported at a high cost given the current exchange rate of the naira to the dollar. And with most airlines carrying out routine maintenance as well as sourcing spare parts abroad, domestic airlines whose source of income remains the naira have been going through tough times matching incomes with expenditures mostly done at a much higher cost.
A top official of one of the local airlines told Daily Sun that the cost of operation for airline owners has risen “astronomically in the last one month” even as he expressed concern over returns for investors in the airline business by the close of the year.
It was learnt that passenger patronage had dropped by about 25 to 30 per cent with dire consequences on revenues of the airlines as well as the local travel agents that sell tickets for the airlines. A statutory 5 per cent taken from the amount sold from every single ticket in Nigeria is usually shared between the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), Nigerian Meteorological Agency (NIMET), Accident and Investigation Bureau (AIB) and Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA).
That revenue, which is deployed to boost the equipment and manpower capabilities of these regulatory agencies is reported to have dropped drastically in recent weeks and raising fresh source of worry to the government following the low patronage of foreign airlines by Nigerian travellers. And the oil marketers in Nigeria are also losing millions of naira in revenue daily as the market now disappears and heads to neighbouring countries.
Immediate causes
Although aviation fuel has long been deregulated, the immediate cause of the ongoing acute fuel scarcity is linked to the inability of oil marketers to source forex to import. Last week, the naira exchanged at an all-time high rate of about N484 to a dollar. Oil importers and marketers had warned, about the middle of March 2016, that the continuous depreciation of the naira and the scarcity of forex could do great harm to the importation of Jet A1 for the aviation sector, imploring the government to step in and make forex available to them. Sadly, that warning was not heeded.
Daily Sun, however, also learnt that aside the increasing inability of a lot of importers to open letters of credit due to inadequate availability of forex, a corresponding scarcity of household kerosene has also forced most importers of Jet A1 to downgrade the product and sell it as Dual Purpose Kerosene (DPK) as domestic fuel in homes at a price far higher than that sold to airline owners.
Airline owners' response
Chairman of Airline Operators of Nigeria (AON), Capt. Nogie Meggison, who decried the inability of the Nigerian government to respond quickly to the fuel crisis situation noted that allowing Ghana to serve as fuel hub would hurt the Nigerian aviation industry severely. Meggison noted that soon international airlines may even start attracting Nigerian passengers to travel to Ghana to board international flights. Should that happen, Meggison said local carriers would lose terribly from connecting passengers from other airports within the country to Abuja, Enugu and Lagos airports where they usually link up with international flights to their final overseas destination.
“This new move (allowing Ghana serve as fuel hub) is condemnable because it will affect Nigeria adversely. When this is done, Nigerian airlines operations will be affected and it will end up shutting our economy. With Emirates' move to Ghana alone, Transcorp has lost 18 crew members, engineers and logistics service providers that usually lodge there,” said Meggison.
He said most Nigerians now opt to go by road. “For most of them now, the alternative means of travelling is by road; our major competitor. and it should be put on record, however, that road transport uses petrol, which is highly supported or assisted by the Federal Government with exchange rate of N285 and available to marketers.
“Airlines, on the other hand, don't have such foreign exchange support or availability from our government with regards to helping to make Jet A1 fuel available at affordable price,” he added.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HONOLULU — Mike Thomas and Drew Buggs scored 13 points apiece to help Hawaii pull away, after a slow start, to beat Division II Hawaii Hilo 82-64 on Saturday night.
Buggs, a redshirt freshman, has scored in double figures in each of the last three games after totalling 17 points in the first five games of the season. Sheriff Drammeh added 12 points, Jack Purchase scored 10 and Brocke Stepteau had nine points on 3-of-4 shooting from 3-point range for Hawaii (6-2).
Hawaii missed its first seven field-goal attempts but still scored the first seven points as the Vulcans were scoreless for the six minutes, 57 seconds. Trey Ingram hit a jumper to pull Hawaii Hilo within two points midway through the first half, but Thomas scored nine points during a 17-2 run that made it 28-11. The Rainbow Warriors led by 19 at the break and by at least 17 throughout the second half.
Ingram led the Vulcans with 14 points and five assists.
The Rainbow Warriors scored 25 points off 15 Hawaii Hilo turnovers and outscored the Vulcans 38-18 in the paint.
CLEVELAND — Indians slugger Edwin Encarnacion sustained a potentially serious right ankle injury in the first inning of Game 2 of the AL Division Series against the New York Yankees.
Encarnacion was scrambling to get back to second base when he jammed his foot into the bag and rolled his ankle Friday. He dropped to the ground in obvious pain and writhed in the infield dirt while waiting for medical personnel.
Encarnacion, who was doubled up on the play, was unable to put much weight on his leg and had to be helped off the field. He had to pause on the trip to the dugout because he was hurting so much.
The Indians said Encarnacion has a sprained ankle and is undergoing further evaluation. Cleveland led the ALDS 1-0.
Michael Brantley, who made it all the way back from a serious ankle injury to make the post-season roster, replaced Encarnacion as Cleveland's designated hitter in the second inning and struck out on three pitches to leave the bases loaded.
In his first season with Cleveland, Encarnacion hit 38 homers with 107 RBIs. Cleveland signed him to a three-year, $60 million contract in January after he spent seven-plus seasons with Toronto.
The loss of Encarnacion for any significant time would be a major blow to the defending AL champions, who are trying to get back to the World Series and end a 69-year title drought.
DJ Lambo becomes first female president of Choc Boi Nation
E60buzz (press release) (blog)
Nigerian DJ and hype man, Olawunmi Okerayi, well known by her stage name DJ Lambo has being appointed as the first female president of Choc Boi Nation, one of the flagship labels under Chocolate City Music. Chocolate City Music led by veteran rapper …
and more »
KUWAIT CITY — Kuwait has announced new picks for Cabinet, with five out of 16 members hailing from the royal family, including the ruler's son who has been chosen to head the Defence Ministry.
Nasser Sabah Al Sabah, in his 60s, will serve as defence minister and as deputy prime minister. He takes over the ministry from Mohammad Khaled Al Sabah.
Bakheet al-Rasheedi, the CEO of Kuwait Petroleum International, a subsidiary of the national Kuwait Petroleum Corporation, was chosen as oil minister, replacing Essam al-Marzouq.
Prime Minister Sheikh Jaber Mubarak Al Sabah announced his selections Sunday with Kuwait's ruler, Sheikh Sabah, expected to approve the nominations.
The cabinet was dissolved in October after lawmakers were set to consider a no-confidence against one of the ministers from the ruling family over budget issues.
Officials at Texas A&M Unversity have canceled a white nationalist rally scheduled for Sept. 11 over safety concerns.The university said no on-campus organization agreed to sponsor the event, which was required after a policy change in 2016."With no university facilities afforded him, he chose instead to plan his event outdoors for September 11 at Rudder Plaza, in the middle of campus, during a school day, with a notification to the media under the headline 'Today Charlottesville, Tomorrow Texas A&M," the school said in a statement."Linking the tragedy of Charlottesville with the Texas A&M event creates a major security risk on our campus. Additionally, the daylong event would provide disruption to our class schedules and to student, faculty and staff movement (both bus system and pedestrian)," the statement continued.The school reiterated its support for first amendment rights.Organizer Preston Wiginton said he was "highly disappointed" by the cancellation."Free speech means nothing in America right now. If you're white, you cannot express yourself," he said.Wiginton said the event will protest the "the liberal agenda of white guilt and white genocide that is taught at most all universities in America."Wiginton was responsible for an event last December featuring controversial speaker Richard Spencer, who is scheduled to return again for September's event.
All you need to do is send the word "resist" to @resistbot on Twitter to start the process, similar to the text messaging system. You can write to your congress people, your governor, send a letter to the editor of your local paper, and even find the closest town halls, Swing Left district or Mueller rally. Resistbot can send you daily reminders to get political, as well. The service is free, and using it on Twitter (as well as Messenger or Telegram) will save on text message fees for the folks behind the bot.
"I can use your donations for delivering more letters to Congress instead and having a greater impact in Washington," the team wrote on Medium.
SAN FRANCISCO — The mother of a girl at the centre of a medical and religious debate over brain death says she doesn't regret moving from California to New Jersey so her daughter could receive care after being declared dead.
Nailah Winkfield told reporters Tuesday that she gave up everything for daughter Jahi McMath, but it was worthwhile. The San Francisco Chronicle reports that Jahi will be buried Friday in Hayward, California.
Winkfield says doctors declared Jahi dead on June 22 after an operation to treat an intestinal issue.
McMath had already been declared dead in December 2013 after suffering irreversible brain damage during routine surgery in California when she was 13.
Winkfield refused to accept the conclusion and took McMath to New Jersey, which accommodates religions that don't recognize brain death.
Getty Image
A few weeks ago, Lamar Odom finally broke his silence and told the world about his long-time struggles with addiction in a brutally honest piece in the Players' Tribune. After years of rumors and speculation, Odom said that he's finally in recovery for his substance abuse issues, and now it appears he might be making strides toward playing basketball again.
Odom reportedly attended the BIG3 games in Los Angeles over the weekend, where he spoke to league brass about potentially coming on-board next season. Founder Ice Cube said he'd be more than happy for Odom to join the BIG3, but with one caveat. Via TMZ Sports:
The Wall Street Journal is publishing a report the European Union is likely to lose their exemption on Friday June 1st, from the U.S. Steel (25%) and Aluminum (10%) tariffs. Despite their article outline almost everything is still speculation at this point; however, our own review of the trade position indicates the administration is very prepared to begin delivering the metal tariffs on all nations, including NAFTA partners, without reservation.
President Trump positioning the auto-industry 232 review, May 23rd, was one of the key ‘leverage signals‘ something was about to change.
Despite massively one-sided EU imposed tariffs against U.S. products, the EU is demanding to be permanently exempted from any U.S. reciprocal tariff measures or they will block the import of U.S. products. The hypocrisy is typically European.
Adding fuel to the speculation the tariff exemptions will be allowed to expire Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross stated earlier today, at the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) summit – a multinational trade conference, that any/all trade discussions are entirely possible regardless of whether the U.S. begins the tariff against steel and aluminum imports.
WSJ – […] Mr. Trump has threatened to punish EU car exports if the bloc retaliates, and Mr. Ross is pursuing a study of car and auto-part imports similar to the one he completed on steel and aluminum. Officials in some EU member states are already angry at Washington over Mr. Trump's decision to pull out of the Iran nuclear deal. Still, others, including some German officials, want to seek a solution that prevents economic damage.
French President Emmanuel Macron said Wednesday the EU shouldn't respond to pressure with weakness. “The day before an important decision I want to repeat this: Unilateral responses and threats of trade war resolve none of the serious imbalances in global trade,” Mr. Macron said at the gathering with Mr. Ross. “A trade war is always a war lost by everyone.” “Independently of this decision we must do everything to protect our interests and act with self-confidence and yet preserve free trade as much as possible,” said Peter Altmaier, Germany's minister of economic affairs, following a meeting with Mr. Ross. Mr. Ross said in Paris that “every country's primary obligation is to protect its own citizens and their livelihoods.” (read more)
.
.
Expanded discussion segment:
.
U.S. to slap tariffs soon on steel, aluminum from EU: WSJ https://t.co/J7drX3hYW5 pic.twitter.com/3T6FpznPug — Reuters Top News (@Reuters) May 31, 2018
Advertisements
HUNTSVILLE, Texas — Jeremiah Briscoe threw for 316 yards and three touchdowns and Sam Houston State held off Kennesaw State for a 34-27 victory in an FCS quarterfinal on Saturday night.
Kennesaw State scored its second fourth-quarter touchdown to pull to 34-27 with 7:21 to play. On the ensuing series, Dustin Clabough intercepted Briscoe's pass at the Sam Houston 41 with about five minutes left.
The Owls then drove to the Bearkats 11, but Jake McKenzie was stopped for no gain on a run up the middle on third-and-5. Following a Kennesaw State timeout with 1:32 left, Ezra Naylor ran for a 4-yard loss off a pitch reverse on fourth down that sealed it for the Bearkats.
Sixth-seeded Sam Houston State (12-1) will travel to second-seeded North Dakota State (12-1) for next weekend's semifinal. The Bison beat Wofford 42-10 in the quarterfinals.
Corey Avery had 129 yards rushing for the Bearkats. Yedidiah Louis finished with nine catches for 123 yards and two touchdowns, and Nathan Stewart caught three passes for 83 yards and a score.
Chandler Burks was 7 of 14 for 120 yards passing and ran for another 43 yards for Kennesaw State (12-2). He had a 4-yard scoring run and threw a 23-yard touchdown pass to TJ Reed in the fourth quarter.
Briscoe tossed a 61-yard touchdown pass to Stewart and a 16-yarder to Louis in the first quarter. Avery's 1-yard run gave the Bearkats a 24-10 halftime lead. Briscoe's 15-yard touchdown pass to Louis made it 34-20 with 12 minutes left.
Kennesaw State finished with 352 yards rushing. Shaquil Terry ran for 120 yards on just five carries. Darnell Holland had 97 yards rushing, including a 13-yard touchdown run in the first quarter.
The Bearkats have won 20 straight at home dating back to 2015, and are 13-0 in home playoff games.
By James Oliphant and Amanda Becker
STERLING, Va./ WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W. Va. (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress made no notable progress this week toward a deal on the status of 700,000 "Dreamer" immigrants, with President Donald Trump saying on Friday that one "could very well not happen" by a deadline next month.
Whether the lack of progress signaled the possibility of another federal government shutdown next week was unclear, but it worried the Dreamers, young people who were brought illegally into the United States as children.
Trump said last year that he would end by March 5 a program that was set up by former President Barack Obama to protect the Dreamers from deportation, and he urged Congress to act before that date. No action has resulted.
"We want to make a deal," Trump said at an event in Virginia with U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials. And he blamed Democratic lawmakers for the impasse.
"I think they want to use it for political purposes for elections. I really am not happy with the way it's going from the standpoint of the Democrats," he said.
Democrats have said repeatedly that they want protections written into law for the Dreamers, who were given temporary legal status by Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which lets them study and work in the United States without fear of deportation.
Republicans, who control Congress, are undecided on what to do about DACA and the Dreamers. They ended a three-day retreat at a mountain resort in West Virginia on Friday not much nearer to consensus than they were a week ago.
The partisan standoff caused a partial shutdown of the federal government for three days last month after Congress failed to pass a stopgap spending measure needed to keep the lights on at federal facilities across the country.
The House of Representatives plans to vote on Tuesday on legislation to keep federal agencies operating beyond Feb. 8, when existing funds expire, a senior House Republican aide said.
The aide did not provide details, however, on the duration of this latest-in-a-series of temporary funding measures.
Democrats have leverage on the immigration issue because their votes are needed to pass spending measures in the Senate.
The next spending deadline looms on Thursday, with Democrats defiant in their demands and Republicans remaining divided.
FOUR-PART OFFER
Trump has offered the Dreamers a path to citizenship, but only on the condition he also gets funding for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, as well as other immigration-related measures that Democrats oppose.
Last month, he proposed letting 1.8 million Dreamers stay in the country and become citizens in exchange for $25 billion for the wall, curbs on family-sponsored immigration, and an end to a visa lottery program.
Some lawmakers want Trump's four-part immigration framework pared back, while others want it approved or made even more strict on future immigration.
"If we can solve DACA and border security that may be the best I can hope for," Senator John Thune, a member of the Republican leadership, told reporters at the retreat.
Senator James Lankford was among Republicans who said this week that Trump could give Congress more time to reach a deal by extending the Dreamers' deadline beyond March 5.
Trump reiterated on Thursday at the retreat that all four components of his framework must be included in a deal, a stance viewed as unworkable by many lawmakers in both parties.
Some Republicans say the March 5 deadline lost its power last month when a federal court blocked the rescinding of DACA. That meant the law would remain in effect until the Supreme Court resolves the case, which is unlikely by March 5.
In a research note, financial firm Height Analytics set the odds of another shutdown next week at 65 percent.
Republicans are trying to call Democrats' bluff on DACA, but the Democrats look even more willing to allow a shutdown than they were last month, the analysts said. "What this has become is a very absurd game of chicken," they said in the note.
(Additional reporting by Richard Cowan; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh, David Gregorio and Daniel Wallis)
NEW YORK — AOL has announced that it is discontinuing its pioneering Instant Messenger chat platform after 20 years of service.
An article on AOL's website posted Friday says AOL Instant Messenger will be discontinued on Dec. 15. AOL says it's shutting down the program because its focus is “on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products.”
Users can still use the program until Dec. 15. After that date, users won't be able to sign in.
AOL Instant Messenger was wildly popular in the late 1990s and early 2000s and claimed more than 100 million registered users in 2001. Its popularity as a communication tool waned amid the rise of text messaging, Google Chat and social networking sites.
By Sikhumbuzo Moyo
A late first half tactical substitution by Chicken Inn turned the direction of the game in their favour as they went on to grind a fourth straight win in a Castle Lager Premiership tie against ZPC Kariba at Luveve yesterday.
Despite taking a scrambled third minute lead from the boot of the imposing Guide Goddard, the home side were on the back foot for the better part of the first half as Sunday Chidzambwa's boys enjoyed more possession, with Raphael Manuvire and Francisco Zekumbawire, causing problems.
Chicken Inn coach Rahman Gumbo took a gamble five minutes before the breather by taking out George Majika and bringing in midfield enforcer Thabani Goredema and it paid off.
“We had to cut off the supply line to the attackers where big striker Zekumbawire was putting them into the game. We defused the situation when we brought in Goredema to help Goddard and you could see a changed team in the second half,” said Gumbo.
The hosts returned from the breather eager to extend their lead, but their strike force failed to punish the visitors, especially Chris Samakweri.
Innocent Mucheneka converted from the spot in the 81st minute to end the contest.
“I thought in the first half we played reasonably well although we conceded an easy goal, but in the second half Chicken Inn controlled the game,” said Chidzambwa.
“If you are to win away from home, you have to fight, but our guys did not put up a fight.”
*Teams:*
Chicken Inn: E. Chipezeze, P. Bernard, D. Lunga, M. Jackson, G. Goddard, C. Matawu, C. Samakweri, T. Hadebe (T. Kadyaridzire 61st min), I. Mucheneka, G. Majika (T. Goredema 41st min), D. Nyandoro (I. Lawe 82nd min)
ZPC Kariba: E. Nechiturire, B. Zuberi, M. Kunyarimwe, A. Chiveya, T. Nyamandwe, T. Munyanduri, N. Tigere, T. Chamboko, D. Chakupe (S. Makawa 68th min), R. Manuvire (L. Fiyado 74th min), F. Zekumbawire (G. Mangani 74th min) The Herald
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Niger Delta Not Part Of Plan To Balkanise Nigeria – Wike
Rivers State governor, Nyesom Wike, has said that the leaders and people of Niger Delta will always defend the unity of Nigeria because, to them, the country remaining one indivisible entity is ‘non-negotiable.'
Governor Wike made this comment in Sokoto when he paid a visit to the Sultan of Sokoto, Muhammad Sa'ad Abubakar (III) at his palace.
He said the interest of Nigerians and Africans will be better served with Nigeria remaining one ‘strong and united nation.'
“Let me, first of all, sincerely thank you, our father the Sultan, for what you are doing for this country, working tirelessly to ring peace and to bring unity to the people. So, for all of us, this is what is meant by one Nigeria.
“We cannot run away from this country. The unity of this country is very, very paramount. The unity of this country is non-negotiable. I am from the Niger Delta, from Rivers State to be specific, so I cannot see us in a divided country. No way. We stand for the unity of this country,” Wike declared.
According to the Rivers state governor, his administration has committed a lot of time, resources and energy to protect national assets, especially the ones in Rivers state.
“In Rivers, you hardly find (cases of) pipeline vandalisation. We are working at all times to protect national assets in our state. In my state, I am governor for all the people living in the state. I am not a governor of a particular political party, but a governor for all the people of Rivers State.”
While commending the Sultan for his leadership of the Muslim community in Nigeria, Wike said he was in Sokoto to felicitate with his colleague, Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, who gave out his daughter in marriage on Saturday.
He dispelled the notion that his relationship with Tambuwal had political connotation, saying they had been friends for a long time, “long before politics defined who we are now.”
“Tambuwal is my friend for a long time. If anything affects him, it affects me also. If he gives out his daughter in marriage, I have to be here to support him. If any problem happens to him, it affects me as well.”
In their remarks, both the host governor and the Sultan implored Nigerians to live in peace with one another, and wished their countrymen and women a new year full of happiness and blessings.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Saudi Arabia's U.N. envoy says “there is no justification whatsoever” for the Saudi-led coalition fighting rebels in Yemen to be on a U.N. blacklist for allegedly killing and maiming nearly 700 children in 2016.
Ambassador Abdallah Al-Mouallimi on Friday rejected “the inaccurate and misleading information and figures” in the U.N.'s annual report on children and armed conflict, which names the coalition. But he also said the government is committed to reducing casualties “to the lowest possible level.”
Last year, the coalition was put on the blacklist but removed by then-Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon under intense pressure from Saudi Arabia.
While the coalition objects to being on the list, Al-Mouallimi said Saudi Arabia's relations with the U.N. “are very strong.”
Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie is reportedly under police investigation over a rape allegation.
The retired ice hockey star, who used to play in the National Hockey League (NHL), has been accused of raping a woman at his Los Angeles home on Saturday night, according to TMZ.com.
An unnamed woman has claimed she met him in a bar that night and they went back to his place and he raped her “multiple times”. She reportedly went to the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center soon afterwards and had a rape kit administered.
Sources connected to the 36-year-old former athlete claim the woman, who Mike has allegedly known for a long time, had given her full consent to sex. They also allege there was another woman present during their sexual encounter and she has not filed a complaint.
Officers with the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) are investigating the allegation but have not yet spoken to Mike, according to the site.
Mike began dating 29-year-old actress/singer Hilary Duff in 2007, they tied the knot in 2010 and have a four-year-old son named Luca. Hilary filed for divorce in February, 2015, citing irreconcilable differences and requesting primary custody of their son, and it was finalized in February, 2016.
They have remained friends ever since and have regularly been spotted together with their son. She spoke to The Love Bomb podcast in November about how they handled the split.
“I think that I was in a very successful marriage for a long time,” she said. “We got together based on love and we separated in a very loving way. I can't imagine going through that process with anyone but him, and he continues to be my very good friend.
“I think we handled it very consciously and with a lot of love. But marriage is sacred and marriage is not for everyone. Marriage is work. Marriage is really hard.”
She has since dated trainer Jason Walsh, and in January, she made her red carpet debut with new man, musician Matthew Koma.
ASHBURN, Va. (AP) — The agent for Matt Jones hopes the Washington Redskins release the former starting running back sooner rather than later.
Hadley Engelhard told The Associated Press on Wednesday that Jones' camp "asked very politely" for him to be released because "he has no future there." Jones skipped recent voluntary offseason workouts and showed up for mandatory minicamp this week.
Engelhard said it baffles him that team president Bruce Allen has insisted on keeping Jones on the roster despite being shuffled down the depth chart.
"Let's move on," Engelhard said. ""We're hoping Bruce sees the light and does the gentleman thing and release Matt."
Jones was the starter going into the 2016 season but fumbled three times in seven games and was inactive the final nine games. Undrafted rookie Robert Kelley took over the starting job, and Washington drafted Oklahoma running back Samaje Perine in the fourth round.
The 24-year-old Jones said Tuesday that he followed the plan he and his agent formulated to skip organized team activities but added there was no doubt he'd be on the field for minicamp. Jones is close with new Redskins senior vice president of player personnel Doug Williams, who told him to put his head down and compete.
"As far as now I'm on the team, I'm going to work like I'm on the team and play like I'm on the team," Jones said. "As far as my career goes, I still don't know, but as far as I'm on the Redskins' roster, that's what I'm going to do is come and compete."
Jones said he would work hard to earn back his starting spot. Coach Jay Gruden acknowledged that would be difficult but not impossible for Jones to beat out Kelley.
"It's going to be hard to move a guy who has been here working very hard and done such a good job, but it's not impossible," Gruden said. "It's really a tough position to crack, but I wouldn't put anything past Matt."
Citing Jones' limited work during Washington's minicamp practice on Tuesday, Engelhard said, "You can't win the job back when you take two snaps." Jones worked with the second- and third teams, and asked if he'd be OK with that role replied "not at all."
"I'm going to make the best up out of it and I'm going to show people that I am back capable of being that guy because I had no game reps since Game 7," Jones said. "I just got to get back into it. Wherever I start at, I'm not going to end there."
Engelhard pointed to the early career fumbling problems of former New York Giants running back Tiki Barber and said Jones could follow a similar path of fixing that part of his game. In 20 NFL games, Jones has six touchdowns and 950 yards on 243 carries with seven fumbles.
A third-round pick in 2015, Jones worked on his grip at training camp a year ago and said he learned a valuable lesson from being benched last season.
"It's about ball security," Jones said. "Ball security's job security and that's something I got to correct and that's something that must be corrected if I want to play for a long time and stay in this league."
Engelhard said with confidence that Jones "will be a starter in the NFL" again and just wants him to get that chance.
"He's a healthy scratch," Engelhard said. "All the writing's on the wall that he's going to be released. Is Bruce waiting for a team to have a devastating injury that's in dire straits to make a trade? I guess you can do that. But you're messing with someone's mind, for lack of a better term."
The Redskins did not immediately respond to a request seeking comment from Allen.
Stay Away From Govt Hospitals, JOHESU Warns Nigerians
The thirteen professional associations under the Joint Health Sector Unions (JOHESU) have warned Nigerians seeking professional medical services to stay away from the Federal Government hospitals and health facilities for the period of ongoing nationwide strike in the health sector.
The associations also declared on Monday that there cannot be peace in the health sector if the provisions of the obnoxious Decree 10 of 1985, which took away the administration of hospitals from core trained professional administrators and place it in the hands of doctors; against what was obtainable in other developed countries.
Specifically, JOHESU stated that there would be a continuos crisis in the sector, when the one who heralded the obnoxious decree in 1985, Professor Isaac Adewole is now the Minister of Health, Pro. Adewole was the National President of the Resident doctors who went on strike to force the Military government to promulgate that decree in 1985.
Briefing journalists in Abuja on the ongoing strike by JOHESU, the professional associations expressed worries about the steps being taken by the government through a circular issued by the Minister of Health and warned of the health danger involved in such steps.
The National President of Association of Medical Laboratory Scientists of Nigeria (AMLSN), Dr. Okara, who spoke on behalf of the 13 associations said the actions and activities of the minister is jeopardizing the life of health care seeking members of the public.
He expressed serious concern that rather than adopt industrial conflict resolution approach, the Federal Ministry of Health acting via Dr. O. J. Amedu, the Head, Department of Hospital Services is now set to exacerbate the situation and the overall impact of the ongoing strike on the populace.
Dr. Okara said: “On April 18th 2018, same day that the strike action commenced, Federal Ministry of Health (FMoH) issued an obnoxious circular ref no. DHS/166/T2/192 to all CMDs, MDs, Heads of Parastatals, Agencies and Institutions under the ministry aimed at not only sabotaging the strike action, but also jeopardizing the life of health care seeking members of the public.
“He copiously cited labour laws, both ILO and the Trade Disputes Act Cap 18, LFN 2014, however he failed to abide by the spirit of those laws as his directives 1(i-v) in the said circular contravene those laws.
“We are further worried and therefore we want to warn members of the public to be wary of seeking healthcare services in all the tertiary health institutions in the country while the strike lasts.
“This is because, in compliance with the obnoxious circular, chief executives of these health institutions have now gone ahead to recruit charlatans and quacks who are mainly their cronies and relatives to hold out as healthcare professionals attending to patients in these hospitals.”
Citing examples, he said, “As we speak to you now we have discovered such cases in some Federal Medical Centres (FMCs) including in the FCT and Owerri where these quacks are now holding sway and maiming patients in the process.
“In one instance, an HIV negative patient has been issued with a positive result. And we have also been reliably informed that one Medical Director, in violation of extant rules on Public Private Partnership (PPP), brought into the hospital premises his relations to help him divert patients to his private hospital and equally stationed some other quacks to help him take patients' specimens to questionable places for analyses.
“Some patients are now being issued with very doubtful Liver and Renal Function test results. No thanks to the promotion of quackery by the FMoH in these institutions to the detriment of the members of the public.”
He called on the DSS to beam its investigative searchlights on all the tertiary hospitals where JOHESU members are currently on strike with a view to unraveling more of these corrupt practices, criminal acts and atrocities.
“In the same vein, it has become very imperative for us as professional associations to warn our members, especially the interns and corpers in these hospitals to ensure that they do not work without the requisite supervision by the appropriate professionals as the consequence of doing so may be incalculable.” He said.
He Called on their members across the country to resist the temptation and lure by “our detractors” to take up any form of employment, locum or otherwise.
He added: “Those found culpable shall be severely dealt with in accordance with the statutory provisions of our various professional bodies. Notwithstanding the draconian directives by the FMoH, we are quick to say that our members will not be cowed by the FMoH's threat to introduce attendance register and enforce ‘no-work-no-pay' rule as neither the FMoH nor Dr Amedu is the right authority to invoke that section of the law.”
_______
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2018 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Stay Away From Govt Hospitals, JOHESU Warns Nigerians appeared first on SIGNAL.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ISO 280 AI Brass Looking for 50-100 pieces of 280 AI brass. Any help would be appreciated, I know they're a hot commodity. Thanks!
TULSA, Okla. — Emmanuel Nzekwesi scored 17 points, Javan White added 14, and Oral Roberts rallied to beat Missouri State 73-66 on Sunday to end the Bears' seven-game win streak and tie the series 8-8.
Sam Kearns scored 13 points and Chris Miller added 10 for the Golden Eagles (3-9), who outshot the Bears 53.1 per cent to 45.6 per cent from the floor but were outrebounded 35-26.
Miller tied it at 42 with a layup and White's dunk put Oral Roberts up 53-49 and the Golden Eagles led 68-62 after Kearns' back-to-back 3s with 4:07 to go.
The Bears closed to 70-66 on Reggie Scurry's layup but Nzekwesi blocked his jumper on the next possession and Kearns and Nzekwesi sealed it with three free throws in the final 37 seconds.
RJ Fuqua hit two 3-pointers in Oral Roberts' opening 9-2 run, but Scurry's jumper put the Bears up 19-17 and Missouri State led 38-34 at halftime behind Jarrid Rhodes' 12 points.
Rhodes scored 14 points, J.T. Miller had 13 and Scurry 11 for Missouri State (9-3). Jarred Dixon had seven assists.
LEWISPORTE, N.L. — The small Newfoundland town of Lewisporte has said goodbye to the second of two refugee families sponsored by the community.
Both families moved to Windsor, Ont., in search of better job security, proximity to family and friends, and a larger community of Arabic speakers.
In 2015, community members in Lewisporte banded together to sponsor one family from Iraq and one from Syria through the blended visa office-referred program, holding fundraisers and taking donations to bring them to Canada.
Community efforts in central Newfoundland's small towns have brought several refugees families to the area since 2015, with the town of Gander bringing five families so far, but the province has the lowest refugee retention rate in the country.
Kerri Neil, who co-authored a report out of Memorial University looking at best practices to integrate refugees and encourage them to stay in the province, says refugees moving out of small communities are motivated by many of the same economic factors as other Newfoundlanders.
The Lewisporte Refugee Outreach Committee has officially dissolved, but committee member Carolyn Parsons says it may be easier for newcomers to integrate in the future with the province's investment in four satellite resettlement centres for new Canadians that opened in rural areas over the past year.
TOP STORIES:
SOC--MAN CITY-LAPORTE
MANCHESTER, England — Manchester City signs France Under-21 international Aymeric Laporte from Athletic Bilbao for a club-record fee of 65 million euros ($80 million), taking its spending on center backs since 2014 to around $250 million. By Steve Douglas. SENT: 530 words, photo. Will be updated.
OLY--RUSSIAN DOPING-PUTIN
MOSCOW — Vladimir Putin says he hopes Russia can soon leave behind years of doping scandals. SENT: 120 words, photos. Will be updated.
— With:
— OLY--RUSSIAN DOPING-ATHLETE WITHDRAWS — Russian speed skater refuses her place at Pyeongchang. By James Ellingworth. SENT: 330 words, photo.
SOC--ENGLISH ROUNDUP
Henrikh Mkhitaryan is set for his Arsenal debut in an English Premier League match at Swansea, while Liverpool visits Huddersfield and West Ham hosts Crystal Palace to start the 25th round of games. By Steve Douglas. UPCOMING: 500 words, photos by 2300 GMT. Separates on all three games.
SOC--ITALIAN ROUNDUP
BERGAMO, Italy — Juventus visits Atalanta in the first leg of the Italian Cup semifinals. UPCOMING: 300 words, photos by 2200 GMT.
SOC--FRENCH ROUNDUP
PARIS — French League Cup holder Paris Saint-Germain looks to reach the final again when it travels to play Rennes in the semifinals. UPCOMING: 350 words by 2230 GMT.
SKI--WCUP-CITY EVENT
STOCKHOLM — Slalom rivals Marcel Hirscher and Henrik Kristoffersen are the top-seeded skiers for a parallel city event featuring a knockout format. With Mikaela Shiffrin sitting out the women's race, Frida Hansdotter has the top seed. UPCOMING: 400 words by 1845 GMT.
CAR--LE MANS-ALONSO
Formula One driver Fernando Alonso is given permission by McLaren to widen his repertoire by competing in the 24 Hours Le Mans in June. By Jerome Pugmire. SENT: 500 words, photos.
SOC--SPAIN SPOTLIGHT-VALENCIA
MADRID — Things have changed considerably for Valencia since losing to Barcelona 7-0 in the Copa del Rey two seaons ago. The teams meet again in the semifinals. By Tales Azzoni. SENT: 580 words, photos.
CRI--BANGLADESH-SRI LANKA
CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh — Emboldened by its home success in test cricket, Bangladesh is unfazed by the injury-forced absence of influential allrounder Shakib Al Hasan for the series against Sri Lanka. SENT: 460 words, photos.
RGU--SIX NATIONS PREVIEW
England heads into the Six Nations attempting to become the first team to win three straight titles outright in the 135-year history of the championship. Once again, Ireland should be England's big rival. By Steve Douglas. SENT: 700 words, photos.
— With:
— RGU--SIX NATIONS PREVIEW-TEAM CAPSULES.
— Also:
— RGU--WALES TEAM — Worcester wing Josh Adams will make Wales debut vs Scotland. SENT: 360 words. Will be updated.
Other Stories:
— OLY--SPD-DUTCH PUZZLE — The question at the Olympic Oval: Dutch domination, again? By Raf Casert. SENT: 770 words, photos.
— OLY--BOB-NIGERIAN WOMEN — Nigeria's first bobsled team running for pride and legacy. By Errin Haines Whack. SENT: 650 words.
— OLY--DOPING-SAMPLE BOTTLES — IOC 'concerned' that doping sample bottles can be opened. SENT: 120 words.
— GLF--MAYBANK CHAMPIONSHIP — Stenson seeking first-time solo glory in Asia. SENT: 280 words.
— BKN--NBA CAPSULES — Bucks win 4th straight since Kidd was fired. SENT: 820 words, photo.
YOUR QUERIES: Questions and story requests are welcome. Contact your local AP bureau or the AP International Sports Desk in London by telephone at +44 207 427 4224 or email lonsports@ap.org.
PALM BEACH COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) – The toxicology report has been released from Tiger Woods' DUI arrest in May.
The report, released Monday, reveals the golfer had taken hydrocodone and hydrophone, which are two opioid pain medication, alprazolam, for anxiety and panic disorders, zolpidem, a sedative prescribed for insomnia, and THC, the active ingredient in marijuana.
Woods pleaded guilty last week to reckless driving and agreed to enter a diversion program.
It is not known is Woods had prescriptions for all of the medications.
Medical marijuana is legal in Florida.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
President Mahama and family welcomed the new year at the Ringway Assemblies of God Church in Accra.
President Mahama welcomed the new year at the Ringway Assemblies of God Church in Accra.
He was accompanied by his wife and children.
The President after the church service delivered his new year message in which he counseled Ghanaians to unite.
He further congratulated Ghanaians for safeguarding the nation's peace during the elections, adding that “together we have conceived and nurtured our nation's dreams of prosperity for all.”
Magu: Senate considers going to S-Court
By Emmanuel Aziken, Political Editor
LAGOS— The Senate leadership is considering two options to overcome constitutional hindrances being projected by administration officials not to seek fresh Senate confirmation for Mr. Ibrahim Magu, as Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC.
Following the second Senate rejection of Mr. Magu, administration officials and sympathisers had cited section 171 of the constitution to buttress the claim that Mr. Magu does not need Senate confirmation.
The provision stipulates that the President shall have the power to make appointments, including ambassadors, permanent secretaries, and heads of extra-ministerial departments.
The contentious provision now in dispute, Section 171 (4) states:
“An appointment to the office of Ambassador, High Commissioner or other Principal Representative of Nigeria abroad shall not have effect unless the appointment is confirmed by the Senate.”
The provision specifically does not make mention of heads of extra-ministerial departments as requiring Senate confirmation, a development that has prompted some in the legal community, including Mr. Femi Falana (SAN), to assert that Magu or heads of extra-ministerial departments do not need Senate confirmation.
Responding to the development, a senior official of the Senate said the Senate was pondering the option of going to the Supreme Court or altering that provision.
Noting the options, he said: “One is to amend it and make Section 171 subject to any act of the National Assembly. Two, is to go to Supreme Court to show that that section does not preclude the National Assembly from making laws that would subject certain appointments to Senate confirmation.
“If you look at section 5 of the constitution, which defines the powers of the National Assembly, it makes those powers subject to Acts of the National Assembly.
“So we can go and advance all the arguments at the Supreme Court and get it settled or just amend the constitution to avoid wasting our time.”
The post Magu: Senate considers going to S-Court appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The former New Jersey police officer who crashed into several vehicles in two Pennsylvania towns while intoxicated last year was sentenced last week to six months probation, authorities said.
William McCarthy III, 46, of Great Meadows, was an officer with the Washington Township Police Department in Morris County on June 16, 2016 when he was involved in motor vehicle crashes in the Pennsylvania towns of Tamaqua and Hazleton following a domestic violence incident in New Jersey.
McCarthy was taken into custody by officers after they set up a roadblock for his vehicle in Hazleton, police said.
He was suspended from the police department without pay, but following a settlement agreement, the township changed his status to an unpaid medical leave so he could receive a disability retirement.
McCarthy, after failing to appear at a September trial date and having a bench warrant issued for his arrest, pleaded guilty last month to DUI and hit-and-run charges in exchange for the dismissal of charges of resisting arrest and reckless driving, according to the Luzerne County Clerk of Courts office.
He was sentenced Dec. 5 to between 90 days and nine months in the county jail, but was paroled after five days because he received jail credit for 85 days spent in an in-patient treatment facility, the court clerk's office said.
As part of his sentence, his driver's license was suspended for a year and he was ordered to pay restitution to the owners of the vehicles he damaged along with a $1,500 fine, the court clerk's office said. He'll also be required to have an ignition interlock device on his vehicle for a year.
The crashes in Hazleton and Tamaqua occurred nearly a year after McCarthy was arrested on a DWI charge in Blairstown.
During that incident on June 20, 2015, he was found parked on the shoulder of Route 94 in a daze and with an open bottle of tequila between his legs, according to arrest reports obtained by NJ Advance Media.
McCarthy told the officer who stopped to check on his condition that he saw dead people and asked if the officer also saw dead people, police said. McCarthy refused to submit to field sobriety tests and to provide breath samples, police said.
According to the arrest report, his wife told Blairstown police there were family issues at home, that he'd been drinking heavily since 2002 and that they tried to get him help before. McCarthy denied having a drinking problem, according to the arrest report.
McCarthy's license was suspended for 90 days in August 2016 for a first-time DWI violation in the Blairstown incident. At the time of his arrest in Pennsylvania on June 16, his driver's license was valid.
After the Blairstown incident, McCarthy entered into a settlement agreement with the police department in which he agreed to immediate termination for any other alcohol-related incident on or off-duty.
McCarthy was hired by the Washington Township Police Department in February 1997, and, at the time he left the department, he was receiving a salary of $99,705.
Justin Zaremba may be reached at jzaremba@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @JustinZarembaNJ. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
PHILADELPHIA — Rapper Meek Mill walked out of prison Tuesday after Pennsylvania's highest court ordered him freed while he appeals decade-old gun and drug convictions.
Following a five-month campaign by his supporters to get him out, the state Supreme Court directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed him to immediately issue an order releasing him on unsecured bail.
Mill was sentenced in November to 2 to 4 years in prison for probation violations.
He was taken from the prison by helicopter to Philadelphia, where he rang the ceremonial bell at the start of the Philadelphia 76ers-Miami Heat playoff series.
“Welcome home Meek Mill,” said the game announcer to the rapper, who was sitting courtside next to actor Kevin Hart and Sixers co-owner Michael Rubin.
Before the game, Mill visited privately with the Sixers in their locker room.
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get him freed, levelling fierce criticism at the judge as a stream of high-powered figures and celebrities visited him in jail outside Philadelphia just hours before the Supreme Court ruling.
Mill issued a statement saying the past months had been “a nightmare,” and thanked his many supporters and visitors, who included Rubin, New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft, and Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney.
“Although I'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation, I understand that many people of colour across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues,” Mill said.
He said he would now focus his attention on getting his convictions overturned, and that he looks forward to resuming his music career.
Earlier this month, in a major victory for Mill, prosecutors said they agreed with his lawyers that he should get a new trial because of questions raised about the arresting officer. The now-retired officer was among a list of police officers the prosecutor's office has sought to keep off the witness stand in cases across the city because of credibility questions.
A spokesman for District Attorney Larry Krasner said late Tuesday that the Supreme Court's decision on Meek Mill's release was consistent with the position taken by their office.
Mill's attorney, Joe Tacopina, thanked the high court.
“Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail,” Tacopina said.
In an opinion earlier this month, Judge Genece Brinkley, who sent Mill to prison for the probation violations, strongly defended herself against accusations by the defence she was waging a vendetta against the rapper. She said the court “has impartially and without prejudice presided over numerous proceedings in this matter since 2008.”
The Supreme Court denied a defence request to move the case to another judge, but said the presiding judge could opt to remove herself.
LOS BAÑOS, Laguna—A government team on Tuesday demolished two fish pens covering a total area of 70 hectares in Laguna de Bay as a new deadline for operators to harvest their stock and remove their structures from the lake looms.
Joined by more than 100 volunteers from civic and church groups, the National Anti-Environmental Crime Task Force dismantled a 51.49-ha fish pen owned by 7-Eleven Fishing Corp. and a 25-ha fish pen of Habagat Multipurpose Cooperative, both in Binangonan town in Rizal province.
Jaime Medina, general manager of the Laguna Lake Development Authority (LLDA), said Habagat's pen was built early this month despite the suspension of construction of new structures in the lake.
ADVERTISEMENT
In December, the LLDA and the Department of Environment and Natural Resources issued the moratorium following a directive from President Duterte to reduce the area occupied by commercial fish pens.
The agency has set March 31 as the new deadline for fish pen operators to harvest their stock.
Asked if this refers only to illegal and delinquent operators, Medina said, “As far as we're concerned, no one was issued a clearance [to operate a fish pen] anymore.”
The LLDA, in January, did not renew the permits of more than 300 corporations. It also did not issue new licenses to fish pen operators.
He said operators were encouraged to demolish their structures as materials like anahaw leaves, bamboo poles, and fish nets recovered from the operation would be considered “sequestered.”
Interviewed by telephone from the lake on Tuesday, Medina said the government came up with a “different system” to make the clearing operations cost-efficient.
The government, he said, used to spend around P650,000 to demolish a 50-ha pen, hiring people on a daily rate.
Aware that a demolition may take months to finish, Medina said the LLDA contracted fishermen who would be paid on pakyawan (wholesale) basis or half the price of what the agency used to spend.
He said this system gave fishermen another source of income.
Commercial fish pen operators have opposed the government's moratorium. They said the government ban would harm the country's food
security by killing the industry that supplies 200,000 metric tons of bangus (milkfish) and tilapia annually.
But Medina said the demolition team would leave behind smaller structures or those covering 200 square meters or less owned by local fishermen.
“We are now in a paradigm shift (where) big fish pens will be gone and those left are fish traps of the smaller fishermen,” he said.
TORONTO — Did he see the game? Of course he did.
Maybe Auston Matthews didn't see every single goal that the Blackhawks scored in a 10-1 win on Thursday night — against the back-to-back defending Stanley Cup champions, no less — but once he found out what was happening he quickly turned on his TV and watched the madness unfold.
“It was crazy,” Matthews said of Chicago's Patrick Kane, who had a goal and three assists on Thursday. “I think every single goal or assist he had been a top 10 on SportsCentre the next day. He's such a fun player. It's always fun to watch that kind of stuff.”
There's been a lot of that going around so far. Lots of goals. Lots of highlight-reel plays. Lots of jaw-dropping skill on display.
We know, give it a few more days. A week or a month even, before jumping to conclusions. After all, the season literally just started. But what a start it's been.
On Day 1, the Toronto Maple Leafs scored seven goals without seemingly breaking a sweat and Edmonton's Connor McDavid scored a hat trick while blowing past defenders at a speed unsafe for most city streets. By Day 2, Alex Ovechkin and Brandon Saad brought the number of hat tricks to four and thanks to the Blackhawks, the early league average was 6.58 goals per game — the highest it has been since 1992-93 when teams combined to average 7.25 goals per game.
It's obviously not going to stay like this forever. Last season, teams started quickly too, averaging 6.69 goals in the first two days. The coaches and their defensive systems would never allow it to remain this way. Besides, no one really thinks McDavid is going to score 164 goals this season — or even 150 or 100, as Jaromir Jagr predicted was possible if the kid “would learn how to score on breakaways a little more often.” The Leafs are not actually the reincarnation of the 1980s Edmonton Oilers. There is a solid chance that we have seen our last 10-goal game of the season. (There were two last season but there hadn't been one since 2011 before that.)
And yet, we haven't seen our last highlight-reel goal. Not with the amount of high-end talent in the league these days.
That's the thing that has stood out so far: it's not the quantity of goals being scored, it's the quality of them.
Did you see Jack Eichel's pass to Jason Pominville on that one-timer? How about the deke Patrick Marleau pulled off after receiving a saucer pass from Matthews? Or Jonathan Drouin's feed to Max Pacioretty? All three of Kane's three assists could have gone viral.
The speed and skill on display so far has been jaw dropping. That's not going anywhere. If anything, with McDavid and Matthews and others still in the very early stages of their career, this is just the beginning.
In other words, you probably wouldn't want to be a goaltender — or even a defenceman — this year.
“It's no fun,” Leafs defenceman Morgan Rielly said of his position. “You look at Kane, you look at McDavid, you look at Auston … they're more skilled than ever. I mean, you watch McDavid skate and guys are faster than ever. I think it's great. It's great for the league … but it's not always the most fun (to play against).”
Whether all this skill will translate into more overall goals is far too early to tell. But last year, which was the first full season of McDavid, Matthews and many other top scorers, saw the average number of goals slightly rise from 5.45 per game after holding steady between 5.31 and 5.43 for the five seasons before. That trough was the culmination of a slow decline since teams emerged from the second league lockout to score 6.05 goals per game in 2005-06.
Could it be a sign that the NHL is in for a scoring boon? Well, let's wait and see what the scores look like in November, when Chicago's Ryan Hartman (five points on Thursday night) most likely won't be leading the Art Ross Trophy race and Pittsburgh's Matt Murray won't be allowing 5.5 goals per game.
“I think it's hard to say after only two games,” said 20-year veteran Patrick Marleau, who scored twice on Wednesday. “But you saw a bunch of teams that were ready to go and wanted to get off to good starts and it just snowballed.”
“As the season goes on, it will get tighter,” said Matthews, who had a goal and two assists in the opener. “The first 10, 15, 20 games, teams are kind of still figuring out their structure and how they want to play. I'm sure by November you're not going to see many 10-1 games and stuff like that.”
Something else to watch for is whether on-ice officials, who have been cracking down on slashing and face-off infractions, continue to call the game by the rulebook. Of the 82 goals scored in the first two days of the season, 22 came on the power play, a product of there being 4.5 man-advantage opportunities per team — up from 2.99 at the end of last year.
More power plays equal more goals, but they also allow skilled players the time and space to be really creative. Neither seems to be in short supply these days.
Fingers crossed, it lasts beyond the weekend.
mtraikos@postmedia.com
Antonio's Mexican Grill is a cozy family-owned and operated restaurant in the heart of downtown Reno specializing in quick Mexican eats made fresh.
"It's comfort food. It's food that you eat at home," Irma Valle, co-owner of Antonio's, said in an interview conducted in Spanish with NNBW. The Valle family are bilingual and easily move from Spanish to English depending on need.
Both Irma and Antonio Valle were born in Jalisco, Mexico, and grew up in Chicago where they got married. Together and with the help of their kids, 31-year-old Jacqui and 24-year-old Anthony, they opened Antonio's in 2014.
Like the restaurant itself, the menu isn't very big, but that's intentional. Irma Valle wanted to keep the menu straightforward.
"The idea is food that can be done fast like burritos and tacos and gorditas. Those types of foods … that aren't that expensive, but are still healthy," Irma Valle described. "We make everything fresh."
They have expanded their menu over the years — adding dishes like fajitas for customers that want a heartier meal. The restaurant also includes vegetarian and vegan options and a bar.
There are only six employees that run Antonio's and four of them are members of the Valle family. Everyone in the family has a number of roles in the restaurant. Irma Valle is behind the business side of things. Her husband, Antonio Valle, prepares the food. And Jacqui and Anthony do a lot of the front-end work like bartending, waiting and cashiering. There's always a member of the Valle family at Antonio's at any given moment.
"It's very difficult working with family," Irma Valle said. "But it's very gratifying too because we all work together and we're providing work for our family."
Irma Valle spent 20 years working at a Jewel supermarket in Chicago. She started out as a cashier and worked many other positions before she became manager, a position she held for 10 years.
Meanwhile, her husband was working at a restaurant in an airport.
Irma attributes a lot of their success in the restaurant industry to their prior work experience.
"Everything that you learn in life teaches you how to achieve these goals," Irma Valle explained. "But if you don't also know the business side of it and customer service skills, I believe you won't be successful. You have to know all of that."
The family first considered moving to northern Nevada when they visited Antonio's sisters in Sparks. Antonio Valle liked how much smaller and cheaper it was in the area, so they made the move in 1997. When they arrived they felt there was a lack of authentic Mexican restaurants in the area so in 1999 they opened a restaurant called La Fuente in Sparks.
They got their kids involved in the business at a very young age.
"When my daughter turned 14, we made her the hostess of our restaurant," Irma Valle remembered. "She became the waitress when she turned 18."
After 16 years of running La Fuente, the family decided to take a break and sold the restaurant.
"It was very tiring. I was very exhausted, it was too much," Irma Valle said.
She didn't think they would open up another restaurant after La Fuente, but when Tacos Del Mar closed at the downtown location, they saw an opportunity to start something new. Antonio's was created as a smaller restaurant with a small staff.
When it opened in 2014, it stumbled into an identity crisis.
"People got the idea that (Antonio's) was a franchise because it's a good-looking restaurant in a good-looking part of downtown," Irma explained. "We put a lot of effort into the first year and a half and we didn't think we would come out ahead. But as people started trying out our food … they gave us good reviews on Yelp. That helped us a ton."
Irma seems satisfied with the pace and feel of Antonio's. During the interview with Irma at her restaurant, one of her grandsons crawled under the table. Both her son and daughter have young kids of their own.
"I'm thinking about opening another one or two restaurants, but I don't know if that's going to happen yet. But I would like to see it continue," she said. "I would like to see it continue for them."
Antonio's Mexican Grill is located on 95 N. Sierra St. in downtown Reno. They're open seven days a week, from 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. Sunday through Monday, and 11 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. Friday and Saturday.
To see their menu, visit http://www.antoniosgrill.com.
The VSS Unity was built to replace Virgin Galactic's original SpaceShipTwo suborbital spaceplane, which disintegrated shortly after launch in 2014. Only one of the two pilots survived the fatal crash, which investigators believe was caused by the premature unlocking of the spacecraft's feather re-entry system. It took Virgin years to build Unity and to get it ready for testing, but now that it has gone through two rocket-powered flights in supersonic speeds, Branson is feeling very optimistic. He believes his first flight aboard Unity is "months away, not years away" and has already started astronaut training.
How I predicted Saraki's tribunal victory — Governor Fayose
The governor says the Nigerian government will also fail in the ongoing trial of Sambo Dasuki.
The post How I predicted Saraki's tribunal victory — Governor Fayose appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Six months before rushing water ripped a huge hole in a channel that drains a Northern California reservoir, state inspectors said the concrete spillway was sound. As officials puzzle through how to repair Oroville Dam spillway, federal regulators have ordered the state to figure out what went wrong.
Earlier inspection reports offer potential clues, including cracks on the spillway surface that if not properly repaired could let water tear through the concrete. In recent years, construction crews patched cracks — including in the area where water burrowed a huge pit last week.
Damage to the main spillway triggered a series of problems culminating with the first use of the emergency spillway, which quickly began eroding and threatened to unleash a torrent of water on cities downstream. On Tuesday, officials said the immediate danger had passed, and allowed nearly 200,000 residents to go home after evacuation orders scattered them for nearly two days.
Inspectors with the state agency that both operates and checks the dam, the nation's tallest at 770 feet, walked the half-mile-long spillway in 2014 and 2015 and did not find any concerns.
"Conditions appeared to be normal," the inspector wrote in reports from both years.
Last August, a team of inspectors did not check the channel on foot but instead from afar, also concluding that everything looked fine.
The inspection came as California was enduring a five-year drought, and the channel rarely was used to relieve pressure on Oroville Lake, which is about 70 miles north of Sacramento. An extraordinarily wet subsequent six months changed that. Dam managers were draining water from the fast-filling reservoir into the Feather River below when the pit appeared last week.
Experts said problems like the cracks in the concrete spillway and spots in nearby areas where water seeped from the reservoir through a hillside were common issues with dams. What mattered, said John Moyle, New Jersey's director of dam safety and flood control, was whether dam operators dealt with the problems carefully — patching cracks so they were watertight, and dealing with spots where water was leaking through so they didn't grow to undermine the concrete.
The Department of Water Resources declined to answer specific questions about the repair work, saying engineers were focused on ensuring public safety.
Robert Bea, professor emeritus of civil and environmental engineering at University of California, Berkeley, said it's "obvious those repairs didn't work."
"We don't have details on the repairs, but they put cement into the cracks and troweled it over," Bea said. "I call it 'patch and pray.'"
On Monday, federal regulators told the department it must enlist a group of independent consultants both to assess what went wrong and to recommend long-term fixes.
Documents and interviews show that crews were patching cracks in 2009 and 2013. A water resources department spokesman said it was normal for maintenance crews to be troubleshooting cracks in the channel during dry summer months.
One resident of the region said he saw crews in the spillway at least once a year for the past several years.
"When they have four or five trucks down there, the only thing they have to do is fill cracks," said Don Reighley, a retiree and fisherman who is a several times a week drives past the channel to launch his boat into the reservoir.
One of the state inspectors who went to Oroville Dam in August said authorities may never know exactly what destabilized the spillway.
"Any type of evidence that might have been there is gone," Eric Holland of the water resources department's dam safety division said. "Everything has been washed away."
___
Knickmeyer reported from Sonoma, California, Pritchard reported from Los Angeles. John Flesher in Traverse City, Michigan, contributed.
___
Contact Pritchard at https://twitter.com/lalanewsman .
NEW YORK — An actress best known for playing a young Superman's friend has been granted bail while fighting charges that she helped recruit women into a cult-like group.
A federal judge in Brooklyn agreed Tuesday to release Allison Mack on $5 million bond and place her under home detention in California. She'll be living with her parents.
She has pleaded not guilty to sex trafficking.
Prosecutors say she worked as a slave “master” and recruited women to a group led by a man who sold himself as a self-improvement guru to the stars.
Mack starred in The CW network's “Smallville,” a show about the early life of Superman that ended in 2011.
Prosecutors say she helped recruit sex slaves for leader Keith Raniere and his group called NXIVM (NEHK'-see-uhm).
Raniere also denies wrongdoing.
HELP THE ANIMALS & GET GREAT DEALS SHOP THE BEST LITTLE THRIFT STORE IN THE RIM COUNTRY NOW AT 434 S. Beeline Hwy. (Behind Time Out Thrift) Open 10-5 Tues. thru Sun. 928-951-2587 Donations gratefully accepted.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
TO ADVERTISE ON OUR BLOG
The above are paid ads. To place yours for just $25/month, call Jim Keyworth at (928) 474-8787 or e-mail peoplesgazette@gmail.com. Banner ads are also available across the bottom and top of the blog.
(The Rim Country Gazette Blog is currently averaging over 5,000 visits per month. Our readership survey shows Gazette readers are better educated and more affluent than the average newspaper reader. Gazette Blog ads reach the people most likely to vote and to use your services and products.)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
ELLIOT LAKE, Ont. — Provincial police say three people are facing charges after an argument over a dog that got off its leash in a park ended with three women being assaulted.
It's alleged the women were walking their dog in an Elliot Lake, Ont., park late Monday afternoon when it got off its leash.
Investigators say this upset another group of people in the park, each group taking pictures of the other group's actions — and a verbal altercation ensued.
Police say the altercation ended when the women were allegedly assaulted by three people in the other group.
A 56-year-old woman and a 26-year-old man are charged with assault and a 59-year-old man is charged with two counts of assault with a weapon.
The accused — all from Elliot Lake — are to appear in court on Sept. 11.
SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic (AP) — In the opening scenes of the latest Vin Diesel action movie, troops in the Dominican Republic chase the hero through a rainforest and down a twisty mountain road. But in real life, the government is doing all it can to welcome the Hollywood star — or anyone else who wants to produce a film in this Caribbean country.
The filming here of some scenes from "xXx: Return of Xander Cage" is a sign of progress in efforts to persuade the film industry to use the Dominican Republic's lush mountains, white-sand beaches and colonial architecture as a backdrop.
"Now, we are on the map," said Yvette Marichal, director of a government agency created in 2010 to woo film production companies to the country and to regulate their activities here.
Marichal spoke in a recent interview after returning from the Cannes Film Festival, where her agency had a pavilion promoting the country's varied landscape along with tax breaks and other incentives to lure companies from other destinations, including other parts of the Caribbean or the U.S.
Besides the Vin Diesel action flick, which grossed more than $300 million at the box office this year, the country's film credits have grown to include last year's Netflix production "True Memoirs of an International Assassin," as well as "47 Meters Down," which stars Mandy Moore and opens in the U.S. on Friday.
There are small-screen offerings as well, including the Turkish version of the competition series "Survivor," which moved from the Philippines to the Dominican Republic's Samana area in the north, as well as the Greek version of the same program, which is moving from Argentina's Patagonian region, and a Swedish production of "The Bachelor."
All or part of 45 foreign productions, including full-length movies, documentaries and reality TV shows, were filmed here last year. There were another 20 full-length movies for the domestic market, compared to three in 2010.
In the past, the country played host to some notable films. Parts of "Apocalypse Now" were filmed here as were scenes in "Godfather II" representing Cuba. In the 2006 movie adaptation of "Miami Vice," the Dominican Republic stood in for Haiti, the other country occupying the island of Hispaniola. Those occasional productions inspired former President Leonel Fernandez, who was looking for ways to diversify the economy and bring jobs to the country of more than 10 million.
"That bit of investment in the Dominican Republic without any type of incentives motivated the president," said Omar de la Cruz, who served on an advisory board that helped launch a more concerted effort to attract the film industry.
In 2010, the government established tax credits for productions costing at least $500,000 and exemptions on such things as import duties for audiovisual equipment. The movie "A Dark Truth," starring Andy Garcia, was the first to take advantage of the new law in 2011.
In addition to the incentives and marketing, universities in the Dominican Republic began offering courses to provide the technical skills that production companies could use to find the local production and technical workers they are required to hire under the law. In 2013, the prominent Vicini family opened Lantica Media, which operates what it describes as the Caribbean's most modern studio and sound stage facilities in a partnership with Britain's Pinewood Studios.
Among the movies that Lantica Media worked on is "xXx: Return of Xander Cage," which required hiring 300 local people with technical skills, providing valuable experience for them to work in future major productions, said Rafael Nunez, a production director at the company's location in San Pedro de Macoris on the southern coast. The facilities were also used in "47 Meters Down" and "True Memoirs of an International Assassin."
Marichal credits some of the success to the country's varied landscape. "It is incredible how we have almost all ecosystems on this little island," she said. "The only thing we lack is snow but for that we have studios."
The benefits are difficult to measure, but Marichal's office says that film production in 2016 injected nearly $87 million into the economy and created 4,000 direct jobs. Most lucrative for the country are the long-running reality TV series, which bring crews staying six months or more at a time. There is also the benefit of promoting the country, already among the Caribbean's top tourist destinations.
"It encourages me to see how much the Dominican Republic has achieved in so little time," Marichal said.
Good morning! Happy Saturday all! A little bit breezy out there first thing today. South winds pick up through lunch time before shifting back to the N by this evening.
Temps hit the low to mid 60s this afternoon under a mix of sun and clouds before the front arrives.
We stay breezy overnight, keeping temps from falling below the mid to upper 30s. Skies clear by sunrise Sunday, leaving us with plenty of sunshine for Sunday afternoon. Temps Sunday stay in the upper 50s with breezy N winds.
South winds return Monday, but temps will hold steady in the mid 50s under mostly sunny to partly cloudy skies. As moisture streams in overnight Monday into Tuesday, morning temps stay in the mid 40s and cloud cover increases. We stay in the low 50s Tuesday before the front pushes through under mostly cloudy skies. Rain chances will be best across eastern Texoma. Most stay dry out west.
Colder air filters in behind the front, keeping us in the 40s on Wednesday under mostly sunny skies.
We're back in the upper 50s Thursday before more cloud cover and some potential rain chances arrive for next weekend.
-First Alert Meteorologist Mandy Bailey
16:21 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 'Apply sovereignty now or face a terrorist state' Read more
Jewish Home leader Naftali Bennett calls for application of Israeli law to the Jerusalem suburb of Ma'ale Adumim and other areas. He says a terrorist state will be forced on Israel. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
BENTONVILLE, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Walmart and DoorDash today announced they are teaming up to help expand the retailer's popular Online Grocery Delivery option beginning with the Atlanta metro area. DoorDash and Walmart will broaden their work together in more markets in the coming months as the retailer expands to reach more than 40 percent of U.S. households with delivery by the end of the year.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005088/en/
“We're connecting all the parts of our business to create a shopping experience like no one else can. With the expansion of our Online Grocery Delivery program, customers can have great items at everyday low prices delivered to their door with the click of a button,” said Greg Foran, president and CEO, Walmart U.S. “With the help of DoorDash, we're delivering the best of Walmart to customers in Atlanta and beyond.”
DoorDash, along with Walmart's team of more than 18,000 personal shoppers, will bring delivery to thousands of customers in Atlanta allowing them to shop for and have fresh groceries without ever leaving their couch. Personal shoppers must complete a three-week training program learning how to select the freshest produce and the best cuts of meat for Online Grocery customers.
“Our work with Walmart marks DoorDash's official launch beyond restaurant delivery,” said DoorDash's Chief Operating Officer, Christopher Payne. “We look forward to expanding across the country, enabling Walmart customers everywhere to spend more time doing the things they love.”
Walmart Grocery Delivery brings customers the convenience of shopping when and where they want for quality, fresh produce, meat, seafood and bakery items, along with pantry staples, consumables and seasonal general merchandise. To use delivery, customers in Atlanta place their orders online at Walmart.com/grocery or on the existing Walmart Grocery App, switch to the Delivery tab, and select a delivery window at checkout. After orders have been picked by Walmart's personal shoppers, a DoorDash “Dasher” retrieves the order from a Walmart store and delivers it right to the customer during their specified delivery window.
Groceries can be delivered to customers as soon as the same day. Walmart's Online Grocery Delivery carries a simple $9.95 fee and a $30 minimum order - no subscription, no price markups. Customers can get their first order delivered for free with promo code FRESHCAR with a $50 minimum order.
The retailer also offers an Online Grocery Pickup service that allows customers to order their groceries online and pick them up in stores without ever getting out of their cars. The service, which has become a customer favorite and touted as a “Grocery Hero” for moms on the go and time-strapped families, is now available in 1,200 stores, nearly 30 in Atlanta, with 1,000 more to be added this year.
About Walmart Walmart Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 270 million customers and members visit our more than 11,700 stores under 65 banners in 28 countries and eCommerce websites. With fiscal year 2018 revenue of $500.3 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart.
About DoorDash DoorDash is a technology company that connects customers with their favorite local and national businesses in more than 650 cities across the United States and Canada. Founded in the summer of 2013, DoorDash empowers merchants to grow their businesses by offering on-demand delivery, data-driven insights, and better in-store efficiency, providing delightful experiences from door to door. By building the last mile delivery infrastructure for local cities, DoorDash is bringing communities closer, one doorstep at a time. Read more on the DoorDash blog or at www.doordash.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005088/en/
CONTACT: Walmart Inc.
Molly Blakeman, 800-331-0085
news.walmart.com/reporter
or
DoorDash
Becky Sosnov
Becky@doordash.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA ARKANSAS GEORGIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: DISCOUNT/VARIETY ONLINE RETAIL RETAIL SUPERMARKET
SOURCE: Walmart Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005088/en
Plans to launch site in New Zealand in mid-2018
MyRepublic is continuing to build out its OpenStack-based private cloud, with the Internet service provider preparing to launch a site in New Zealand next year.
The Singapore-headquartered ISP launched in 2011 then expanded its operations to New Zealand in 2014 and Indonesia in 2015. MyRepublic launched in Australia in late 2016 with a focus on selling National Broadband Network services.
It was as part of its Australian launch that it first rolled out OpenStack.
“We started using OpenStack when we launched our greenfields deployment in Australia,” explained the ISP's CIO, Eugene Yeo. In the three markets it launched in before coming to Australia, the ISP had relied on VMware's vSphere.
“We faced some challenges particularly in one of our markets and it caused us to rethink the way that we wanted to deploy and manage our infrastructure,” Yeo said. “What we wanted was a seamless cloud infrastructure across the entire group,” the CIO said.
One problem faced by the ISP was scaling up to meet traffic spikes, in part thanks to a fragmented infrastructure landscape.
Head of IT and security Sebastian Wieseler said that in the past, project owners at MyRepublic would frequently purchase their own hardware and VMware licences.
“Operations-wise, it became a headache to have so many siloed architectures, siloed systems to manage,” he said.
MyRepublic engaged Red Hat to help build a private cloud. Since it launched in Australia the company has expanded its private cloud to two sites Singapore in late 2016/early 2017 and to Indonesia in mid-2017, and it has plans to roll it out in New Zealand in mid-2018.
“With Australia, new projects are always coming up,” Wieseler said. The private cloud allows MyRepublic to “deploy new projects very, very easily,” he said.
In Australia the company is all-in with OpenStack for its infrastructure. In Singapore, the company still has its VMware stack but it is continuing to migrate applications to OpenStack-managed infrastructure.
The ISP's network subscriber management software comprises a large portion of the workloads running on OpenStack. “All the stuff that needs high availability and is customer-facing,” Wieseler said.
The fact that OpenStack is open source software with a strong community backing it is a big drawcard, Yeo said.
“We are a pretty young company, we started in 2011, and the way that we look at things is we really like the idea of community collaboration,” the CIO said.
“We've adopted open source since the start and that's always been one of the ways of driving innovation in MyRepublic and it leads to better product and service offerings to the market.”
“One of the things we do differently is that we've built our own software platform,” Yeo said. MyRepublic built its own business and operations support systems (BSS/OSS), the CIO explained.
“We built everything using open source technology. We are a firm believer of open source and using open source to manage the infrastructure layer through OpenStack is a very natural add-on to our entire strategy.”
The private cloud runs on commodity x86 hardware and employs Red Hat's CloudForms management platform and the vendor's software-defined storage platform based on OpenStack's Ceph.
“That was the other great advantage: We don't have any vendor lock-in,” Wieseler said. “We can just buy any off-the-shelf hardware and then run OpenStack with that.”
Because the group has been standardising on OpenStack it's easy to add additional capacity as needed.
The company also leverages public cloud services including Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform. “The philosophy is really to not go only with one vendor but spread the workloads across multiple vendors,” Wieseler said.
The shift to OpenStack has helped MyRepublic cut its hardware investment by around 30 per cent. In addition, it has helped keep the infrastructure team “really lean,” Wieseler said — in total, MyRepublic has three staff members managing its cloud.
KNOXVILLE, Iowa — An Iowa man is seeking to overturn a civil judgment finding him responsible for killing his mother, arguing Wednesday that new evidence suggests another suspect shot her during a farmhouse robbery.
At an unusual civil trial in December, jurors held Jason Carter responsible for Shirley Carter's 2015 shooting death and ordered him to pay $10 million in damages to her estate.
Jason Carter had argued that his father, Bill, was likely responsible for shooting the woman in the kitchen of their rural Lacona home. But jurors sided with Bill Carter, who had filed the wrongful death lawsuit seeking to hold his son responsible after a criminal investigation into the death appeared to stall.
Bill Carter's lawyers argued that Jason Carter killed his mother after she discovered he was having an extramarital affair and he worried he would be cut out of his parents' will. After the civil verdict, prosecutors charged Jason Carter with first-degree murder. He has pleaded not guilty and is awaiting trial, which his legal team is seeking to move out of Marion County due to pre-trial publicity that included a February segment on “Dateline NBC.”
In court papers filed Wednesday, Jason Carter's attorneys say prosecutors recently turned over investigative materials that show multiple informants told police that two brothers were trying to burglarize Shirley Carter's home to steal prescription drugs when one of them shot her.
They say this evidence suggests Jason Carter is innocent and the civil trial would have resulted in a different outcome had it been available. Their filing asked a judge to either rule that Jason Carter is not responsible for the death based on the new information, or to at least grant a new trial where he can present it to jurors.
Mark Weinhardt, an attorney for Bill Carter, said his legal team had long been aware of the other suspects from early in the investigation but said they were discounted as possibilities based on “a complex analysis of lots of factors.” He said he would oppose new proceedings based on the information.
“There is nothing of substance new to our side in this motion,” he said. He added that his client remains certain that his son is responsible for Shirley Carter's death, “and so do we.”
WASHINGTON — A person with direct knowledge of the move says the Washington Redskins have signed cornerback Orlando Scandrick to a two-year deal worth up to $10 million.
The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity Monday because the team had not announced the deal.
The Dallas Cowboys released Scandrick over the weekend after he made 38 tackles in 11 starts last season. Scandrick started 69 games and appeared in 125 with Dallas since being taken in the fifth round of the 2008 draft.
The 31-year-old gives Washington some insurance at cornerback behind Josh Norman after trading Kendall Fuller to Kansas City in the deal for quarterback Alex Smith. Scandrick will be in the mix with Quinton Dunbar, Fabian Moreau and Josh Holsey for playing time.
NFL Network first reported Scandrick signing with the Redskins.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL .
The US national team will meet Venezuela in a tune-up friendly at Rio Tinto Stadium on June 3, ahead of World Cup qualifying matches against Trinidad and Tobago and Mexico.
Kick off at Real Salt Lake's home ground in Sandy, Utah, is set for 10 pm ET, with the match to be broadcast live on FS1, Univision and UDN.
The US, on four points after four matches in the Hexagonal stage, host Trinidad and Tobago on June 8 at Dick's Sporting Goods Park in Commerce City, Colorado, and visit Mexico at the Estadio Azteca on June 11.
The Yanks are 3-0-0 all-time at the RioT, and the venue also offers a chance to prepare for qualifiers at altitude.
"Salt Lake City has always been a fantastic host for the national team," US coach Bruce Arena said in US Soccer's announcement on Monday. "When you combine the elements of the fan support, the stadium and the altitude, it's a perfect match as we prepare for the critical World Cup qualifiers against Trinidad and Tobago and Mexico."
The US and Venezuela have met four times previously, with the Americans unbeaten at 3-0-1 against the South American side.
ST. LOUIS — Javon Bess had 17 points and 11 rebounds and made all six of his free throws Saturday night to help Saint Louis beat Fordham 73-50.
The Billikens (13-11, 6-5 Atlantic 10) led 37-18 at halftime after closing the first half with a 15-0 run and maintained a double-digit edge throughout the second half, keeping their lead between 12 and 23 in the period.
Jalen Johnson had 14 points, D.J. Foreman scored 12 and Hasahn French had 11 points and 11 rebounds for Saint Louis. Jordan Goodwin added nine points, 10 rebounds, five assists and four steals. Goodwin grabbed six of his boards on the offensive glass.
Saint Louis had 17 offensive rebounds and a 48-31 overall advantage on the glass.
Joseph Chartouny had 11 points and Cavit Havsa scored 10 for Fordham (7-15, 2-8). Ivan Raut and Prokop Slanina added nine points each.
GARRY MONK admitted that Leeds United were facing the “biggest three games of our lives” after a 1-0 defeat to Wolverhampton Wanderers ended a four-month stay in the Championship's play-off zone.
Leeds were knocked out of the top six for the first time since November 26 as a first half which Monk described as “one of our worst 45 minutes of the season” set Wolves up for a damaging win at Elland Road.
Striker Nouha Dicko took advantage a performance littered with mistakes to score on 39 minutes, clearing the way for Sheffield Wednesday and Fulham to climb above Leeds in the table. United is seventh, behind Fulham on goal difference.
Monk's squad have been on course for a top-six finish since before Christmas, maintaining a place in the play-offs for 25 consecutive matches, but a run of two wins from eight games has put their season on the line with nine points left to play for.
Three wins from those fixtures would guarantee Leeds' involvement in the play-offs with Sheffield Wednesday and Fulham meeting at Hillsborough on the last weekend of the season but Leeds' sustained bid to rejoin the Premier League 13 years on from a bitter relegation is under sudden threat in the wake of Wolves' victory.
“Here we go,” said Monk, whose side head to Burton Albion on Saturday. “This is the interesting part. We've spent so long in there with a points advantage and now we don't have that. We don't have that luxury any more.
Liam Bridcutt
“Now we have to go on the hunt and sometimes it's easier with less pressure on you when you're on the hunt. When you're in (the top six) it's maybe a different pressure but we've got to take care of our own business and these are the three biggest games of our lives. We have to approach them in that way.
“We've had the mentality for so long where we've been in the play-offs quite comfortably – in that protecting mode of trying to stay there. Now we have to change that mentality to a team who go on the hunt.
“There'll be a lot of talking outside about the situation and that's fine. We take it on the chin. But I'm more than confident. There's not a massive gap or anything like that. We're right in there and it's still a really good situation for us.
“Of course today isn't a good situation but there's no time to feel sorry for yourself. That doesn't get you anywhere.”
Now we have to go on the hunt and sometimes it's easier with less pressure on you when you're on the hunt. Leeds United manager, Garry Monk
Monk insisted he was confident that his players would cope with the mounting pressure, saying: “I think so, knowing them as I do.
“No-one here will ever be giving up and there's no reason to. We're in a fantastic position. We wanted to be in a better position but we'll fight with everything have. If we do that, I think it'll be good enough.”
Leeds fought back in the second half yesterday and were denied a penalty when a cross from Hadi Sacko hit the arm of Wolves defender Richard Stearman.
Souleymane Doukara, Kemar Roofe and Hadi Sacko all went close with headers but Monk was critical of his side's anxious start.
Disappointed Leeds fans at the end
“We know that the first 45 minutes were nowhere near good enough,” he said. “That was our downfall.
“We have to make it happen for the whole game. If you do it like that then you can always live with it if it doesn't quite happen or if you don't win a game. What we can't live with is the first 45 minutes when we waited to see what happened. There's a big difference.”
NEW YORK — Celebrity attorney Lisa Bloom has built a career defending victims of sexual harassment and assault. Now she says she's trying to “make a difference here on the other side” by defending movie mogul Harvey Weinstein.
In an interview with The Associated Press on Friday, Bloom both defended Weinstein and acknowledged he'd been “stupid.” She saluted the women who have come forward to allege wrongdoing but said many allegations were overblown and consisted of Weinstein telling a woman she “looked cute without my glasses.”
“He wanted to be respectful to women and he still wants to be respectful to women. And he's asked me, of all people, to help guide him in that direction, to explain to him the laws of sexual harassment and why this is important,” Bloom said.
The New York Times reported that Weinstein had reached at least eight legal settlements with women over alleged harassment. The allegations have been levied by actresses including Ashley Judd and former employees at both the Weinstein Co. and Weinstein's former company, Miramax.
Bloom has long represented women in high-profile sexual harassment cases, including alleged victims of former Fox News host Bill O'Reilly and model Janice Dickinson in her case against Bill Cosby. She said she met Weinstein a year ago after his company decided to develop Bloom's book “Suspicion Nation.” She said she confronted him then about rumours of harassment in a “frank, blunt way.”
“I was very surprised that he admitted to being stupid, to saying things that he shouldn't have said and I told him that needs to be your approach. You can't go back and change what's happened in the past but you can go forward and acknowledge it, ask for forgiveness, change your behaviour,” she said. “And I thought I had a chance to make a difference here on the other side. We'll see if I've done that right.”
Weinstein's attorney, Charles J. Harder, said in a statement that the Times story is “saturated with false and defamatory statements.” Bloom more gently poured cold water on the report, saying there have been some complaints against Weinstein but “not as many as” as the Times said. She added that some of the allegations were “incorrect” and that eyewitnesses had “a different perspective.”
“Some of the allegations which I have read are, ‘He told me I had a nice dress on.' ‘He told me I looked cute without my glasses.' Probably he shouldn't be saying things like that in the workplace. Does that rise to the level of sexual harassment, legally? No, it doesn't,” she said. “He does not admit to sexual harassment when he does admit to his misconduct.”
Bloom said Weinstein has anger problems and said he can be intimidating. She said he “knows he has to work on that” and praised him for acknowledging that he “hurt people.” But she said that unlike at Fox News when women came forward with allegations of sexual abuse, Weinstein was not “trashing them, sending private investigators to dig up dirt on them, humiliating them.”
“I salute any woman that comes forward with complaints of sexual harassment you know? Harvey has had to learn. This is not an easy time for him either. Probably nobody has sympathy for him right now and that's fine. But this is a guy who has thrown away the old playbook of let's attack the women, let's dig up dirt on their past, let's humiliate them, let's fight. He's not doing any of that.”
Weinstein has been among the most powerful people in Hollywood. An Oscar-winner for producing “Shakespeare in Love,” he has been behind classics including “Good Will Hunting” and “Pulp Fiction.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Jordan Clarkson believes he's figured out the key to his NBA success: fried chicken and scary movies.
The 25-year-old Clarkson said he brought some food into a movie theatre and just chilled out on his night off between games — and it helped him immensely.
“I've got to start eating more fried chicken the day before a game,” he joked.
Whatever it was, Clarkson turned in one of his best games with the Los Angeles Lakers, scoring 14 of his 22 points in the fourth quarter of a 110-99 win over the fatigued and short-handed Charlotte Hornets on Saturday night.
Clarkson was so hot that he played the entire fourth period while rookie point guard Lonzo Ball sat out. Ball finished with five points and nine assists after turning in perhaps his most complete game Wednesday night against Philadelphia, when he had 10 points, eight rebounds, eight assists, three steals and four blocks in a 107-104 victory.
Ball didn't seem to mind.
“That's what the team is for,” he said. “JC came in and he was cooking tonight.”
Brandon Ingram added 18 points and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope had 15 for the Lakers, who have won two straight after losing five in a row.
“It doesn't matter who comes in, who finishes the game — we support each other and throughout the game everyone made huge contributions,” Lakers coach Luke Walton said. “At the end, that group had it rolling. So I was planning on throwing ‘Zo and Brook (Lopez) back in the game but because of the way the momentum was going, we stuck with the group that was out there and they got the job done for us.”
Kemba Walker scored 23 points and Dwight Howard had 21 points and 12 rebounds for the injury-riddled Hornets, who have lost seven of eight.
The Lakers led by one entering the fourth but went on a run midway through the quarter to push the margin to 15.
Clarkson beat Walker on a backdoor cut for a jam, Caldwell-Pope knocked down a 3-pointer and Julius Randle scored on a layup and drew a foul. Ingram's tip-in off his own missed layup and Clarkson's floater increased the Lakers' lead to 14 with four minutes remaining. The Hornets had no legs left to challenge.
The Lakers outscored Charlotte 28-17 in the final 9 1/2 minutes.
TIP-INS
Lakers: Scored 28 points off fast breaks. … Their bench outscored the Hornets' reserves 53-31. … Shot 50.6 per cent from the field. … Walton was assessed a technical foul in the first half.
Hornets: Walker and Howard were both assessed technical fouls. … Howard has 14 double-doubles this season. … Johnny O'Bryant had 11 points and seven rebounds.
HORNETS INJURIES
The Hornets played without three key reserves out due to injuries — Cody Zeller (meniscus tear in knee), Frank Kaminsky (sprained ankle) and Jeremy Lamb (bruised shin) — one night after four of their five starters played more than 40 minutes in an overtime loss to Chicago.
To make matters worse, starter Nic Batum re-aggravated his left elbow against the Lakers and left the game early.
“The injury situation we have is pretty dire right now,” said associate head coach Stephen Silas, who is filling in for coach Steve Clifford while he deals with a health issue. “I mean, that's four of your top eight guys that are out there. So yeah, it was a tough one.”
KUZMA STEPS UP
Walton was thrilled with the play of Kyle Kuzma, who had 12 points and 14 rebounds. He was able to play more of his natural power forward position than in previous games.
“He was active on the rebounding glass and had a big block for us when we were making our run,” Walton said. “He's a rookie and we are throwing him between multiple positions, which down the road is going to be great for him that he knows how to play both positions. But for now it is already tough enough in this league and I think he feels more comfortable at the 4 right now.”
UP NEXT
Lakers: At the New York Knicks on Tuesday night.
Hornets: At the Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday night.
——
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
U.S. customs officials released a photo Monday of a mock improvised explosive device that led to delays at Toronto's Pearson International Airport when it was found in a passenger's luggage this month.
U.S. Customs and Border Protection tweeted the photo and praised the officers who spotted the device on April 6. The photo shows electronic components apparently wired to a circuit board with a timer display and coils of wire snaking to bound-together cardboard tubes.
The discovery during an inspection at the airport's pre-clearance area caused what was described as a major security breach.
Passengers on a United Airlines flight to Chicago were stuck on the tarmac for more than four hours.
Joseph Galaska, a 58-year-old American from the Milwaukee, Wisconsin, area was charged with one count of mischief. He was released on bail and his case is due back in a Toronto-area court Tuesday, though his lawyer said he's not expected in person. Police said the mock device was not terrorism related.
Galaska's wife has told ABC News the device found was an alarm clock.
AWS Battles Rivals with New Tactic: An Advertising Campaign
Amazon Web Services has defeated IBM in a competition for lucrative federal contracts, threatened Microsoft's core businesses, and reshaped corporate technology.
In the last few months, the pioneering cloud-computing unit of the online retail giant has taken a page from the playbook of some of its more traditional competitors: It started advertising.
Ads have been splashed across billboards and in airport terminals, television spots and web videos, featuring a whiteboard full of sketches of software architecture and appeals to invent something using Amazon's collection of rented computing services.
The advertising campaign, which bears the "Build On" tagline, represents a milestone in AWS' march from technology upstart to one of the major players in business software, technologists and marketers say.
For many years, AWS didn't advertise, partly because it didn't have to. The service held a wide lead over the competition, and word-of-mouth was enough to catapult the company's tools atop the growing market for web-based business software.
But the once-scrappy AWS now needs to focus on winning over CEOs and corporate boards to continue to grow, company insiders and observers say. Amazon also faces intense competition from well-funded rivals, many of whom are already spending heavily to woo that crowd.
Amazon "is out to get the enterprise," said Dave Bartoletti, an analyst with Forrester Research who tracks cloud computing. "They're trying to get to the next level -- which is, how do you reach executives at big companies."
AWS is Amazon's profit engine, accounting for twice the operating income of Amazon's North American retail arm. The division brought in $3.9 billion in operating income before taxes during the 12 months ended in September, on $15.8 billion in sales.
The advertising campaign has been rolled out before AWS' other main effort to advertise its wares: its annual conference, called re: Invent, held in Las Vegas. The trade show that runs from Monday through Friday is expected to draw more than 40,000 developers, business-technology buyers, and technology vendors.
AWS became a cloud-computing giant without an ad campaign, an approach that mirrored the heads-down, build-it-and-they-will-come philosophy that transformed Amazon's online bookstore into a massive marketplace for goods of all kinds.
Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos pushed the company to build its brand by relying on good service, rather than flashy publicity campaigns. "If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that," he told Businessweek magazine in 2004. "Word-of-mouth is very powerful."
Two years later, AWS became the first company to offer rented computing infrastructure online on a wide scale, and the unit followed Bezos' guidance.
Many of the first users were software developers and other technologists who, armed with a credit card, could tap into the computing power stored in Amazon's massive server farms. The word spread around the tight-knit software community, making customers out of digital natives like Airbnb, Netflix and Pinterest.
But in recent years, the kind of cloud-computing services AWS sells has gone mainstream. Big, established companies like banks and brick-and-mortar retailers are running more of their technology on AWS -- threatening the traditional businesses of companies like Microsoft, IBM and Oracle.
Amazon's rivals fought back on two fronts: They followed AWS into the cloud, selling similar services to their own customers. And they launched advertising campaigns aimed at slowing AWS' momentum.
Shortly after Amazon elbowed out IBM to win a high-profile contract to provide data-center services to the Central Intelligence Agency, IBM plastered buses in Las Vegas with ads for its services as visitors gathered for Amazon's 2013 re: Invent conference.
Meanwhile, Microsoft has made its cloud-computing services a focus of its $1.5 billion advertising budget. After a couple of years spent testing the water with limited advertising experiments, AWS decided to strike back this year with its first major brand campaign, which launched in September.
David Winter, who left AWS in April after a few years working in sales, was recently in an airport bar waiting for a flight over a beer with a colleague when an advertisement for his former company shot across an ad screen on the wall.
"I'm like, 'That's an Amazon ad,' " said Winter, who works for cloud-computing startup Cloudability. "They've never done anything like that before."
The ad campaign, designed by Seattle digital marketing firm Wongdoody, centers its pitch on invention. "Build On AWS" blankets mock whiteboards.
Video spots start with that image, moving on to scenes of developers figuring out a problem in a hip office space, and a team eating at a lunch counter and jotting ideas on a napkin.
"It's a classic emotional appeal," said Bryan Cummings, chief creative officer with Seattle marketing agency the Garrigan Lyman Group, which wasn't involved with the campaign. "There's something romantic about being builders. They've kept something tangible and real in it."
Amazon also retooled the AWS logo, forsaking the cluster of orange building blocks that had symbolized the service in favor of AWS lettering atop Amazon's smile-shaped arrow.
Forrester's Bartoletti says the campaign is different from many efforts to win over business-technology buyers.
"Traditional business-to-business marketing is really this complex 'you need to hire us for 16 years to help incrementally upgrade your systems' message,' " he said. "AWS' [theme] is more of a party. Let's build something new."
Amazon will spend this week making that case to the tens of thousands of technologists descending on the Las Vegas Strip.
© 2017 Seattle Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Amazon/iStock/Artist's Concept.
Police say burglars stole $165,000 in jewelry from a room at the Beverly Hills Hotel that was occupied by actor John Stamos' fiancee.
A police statement says Caitlin McHugh was away from her room Friday evening when a crook or crooks got in and took several items of jewelry.
It's unclear how the burglars got inside. There's no indication of forced entry.
The theft comes amid reports that the actress, who's pregnant, is marrying Stamos this weekend.
A message seeking comment from Stamos' publicist wasn't immediately returned Saturday.
Stamos stars in Netflix's "Fuller House" and spent part of last year with The Beach Boys as a drummer. McHugh has had guest spots on "The Vampire Diaries" and "NCIS: Los Angeles."
Wichitans gather to stand in solidarity with Charlottesville
Close A supporter holds a candle and a sign during the rally for solidarity in Wichita. (Aug. 13, 2017) Matt Crow
Matt Crow A supporter holds a candle and a sign during the rally for solidarity in Wichita. (Aug. 13, 2017)
Advertisement
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
Around 250 people converged on the Sedgwick County Courthouse grounds Sunday evening in a show of solidarity with those who were injured and killed while protesting a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia on Saturday.
In response to white supremacists who brandished Confederate flags in Virginia over the weekend, Wichitans came together at the foot of the Union Soldiers and Sailors of the Civil War memorial to advocate for equality and social justice—bringing along signs with messages such as ‘Hate Has No Home Here' and ‘Make Racists Afraid Again.'
Community leaders spoke words of encouragement to rally-goers before lighting candles in remembrance of the victims.
Larry Burks, president of the Wichita chapter of the NAACP was one of the first speakers.
“Although it happened in Charlottesville, we feel the impact of it right here in Wichita, Kansas,” Burks said. “We must work to bridge what divides Americans and widens the gap between us.”
Burks also spoke out against President Trump's response to the violence in which he did not explicitly condemn white supremacy.
“We need to make our voices loud and clear so that he (President Trump) and others who think like him know that this is not the America that we're going to stand for and we're going to demand more of him than what he's showing right now,” Burks said.
Former congressional candidate James Thompson echoed Burks' criticism of Trump.
“Our president has said that there are many sides to this issue, and with all due respect, Mr. President, no there's not,” Thompson said. “There's right and there's wrong.”
Thompson proceeded to call out all political leaders who fail to take hardline stances on such issues.
“If they cannot stand up and say that they are going to say no to the hatred and bigotry and intolerance of those movements, then we need to boot their ass out as soon as we can,” Thompson said.
Former Wichita State Student Body President Joseph Shepard said he felt a moral obligation to stand in solidarity at the rally.
“I do believe that it is my job as a human being to be here—to stand with my Caucasian brothers and sisters, to stand with my brown brothers and sisters and my LGBTQA brothers and sisters to say together we stand strong and there is not a force that can divide us,” Shepard said.
“We have to truly walk our talk and stand on the front line.”
Wichita State student Debbie Ojeda said she struggled with the violence of the last few days but that she felt at home amongst the rally-goers.
“It's been very scary so I needed to find a place that is therapeutic—to be around people that feel the same as I do and also revitalize ourselves to continue to fight,” Ojeda said. “I'm always afraid but I still feel it's important to show up because I'm not going to let white supremacists stop me from speaking up for what is right.”
Shepard too said his fear could not keep him from standing up for his beliefs.
“Yes, there's always a fear, but I also remember that if I am always too fearful to walk out of my front door to go and advocate on behalf of the people who need that platform, then what is the future going to look for the people that I care about?” Shepard said. “A part of me is fearful but the other part of me says I need to step out on faith—to take a risk because it's worth it.”
In stark contrast to the protests and counter-protests that turned deadly in Virginia, the courthouse rally remained calm throughout.
A lone security guard on a golf cart monitored the event, but just one protester — a woman walking her dog around the grounds and interjecting occasionally with shouted non sequiturs — disrupted the rally.
LOS ANGELES — James Batemon made a career-high four 3-pointers and scored 25, Eli Scott added 20 points and 11 rebounds, and Loyola Marymount beat CSU Northridge 74-57 on Saturday night.
The Lions (5-4) made 53.7 per cent (29 of 54) of their shots from the field and led the entire way from opening the game with a 9-2 run. Northridge (1-8) cut the deficit to 18-17 later in the period, but Loyola Marymount responded to make it 38-23 by halftime.
The Matadors got the deficit down to seven early in the second half before the Lions pushed the lead into double digits for good at 50-39.
The Matadors lost their eighth straight but were playing just their second home game since their season opening win.
Tavrion Dawson had 16 points and Micheal Warren added 11 points, eight rebounds and five assists for Northridge.
Jeremy Kessler, 33, surrendered just before noon at his home in Crosby, where officers had been stationed since 3 a.m. after a 911 caller reported multiple gunshots coming from the house.
No one was injured, and Kessler was taken into custody without incident, Chief Deputy Rob Melby of the Divide County Sheriff's Office said.
Official charges have yet to be filed by the Divide County State's Attorney's Office.
As of Tuesday afternoon, it was still unclear why Keller, who was alone in his house in northwest Crosby, allegedly began firing.
A neighbor said gunshots continued throughout the early morning hours after six shots were heard initially, along with someone yelling.
“He emptied a full mag,” Huntter Lacey, who lives next door to Kessler, said.
Police issued an emergency notification to surrounding residents, but did not order evacuations, Melby said.
“We told them to shelter in place,” he said.
Both the elementary and high school in Crosby were put on lockdown as well, according to Divide County School Superintendent Sherlock Hirning. The alert was lifted around 11:15 a.m. when police notified administrators that Kessler was in custody.
The incident prompted a response from the U.S. Border Patrol, the North Dakota Highway Patrol, the Burke County Sheriff's Office, Bureau of Criminal Investigation, several deputies from the Williams County Sheriff's Office and members of the Minot SWAT team, who surrounded the home before Kessler came out.
Investigators from the Divide County Sheriff's Office and the Bureau of Criminal Investigation spent hours Tuesday afternoon combing through the small house and inspecting the surrounding property, including the exterior of other houses nearby.
Agents removed a number of rifles from the residence, along with what appeared to be ammunition boxes.
In the perhaps not-so-distant future, drones could be first responders.
That's the conclusion from a report published Tuesday by the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) following a simulated study involving drones carrying defibrillators in Sweden.
SEE ALSO: Scientists are creating drones that fly in sync with each other
Researchers for the study equipped an eight-rotor drone from the Swedish Transportation Agency with a GPS system, a camera and a defibrillator for several out-of-sight test flights in October 2016.
Their aim: to find out if life-saving equipment like the defibrillator could be dispatched to a person in cardiac arrest outside a hospital more quickly with a drone than with a traditional emergency response unit. They made some hopeful discoveries.
Though the study admits that "whether [drones] reduce response times in a real-life situation is unknown," the researchers tested simulated emergency response times of both drones and typical emergency medical services and found the drones to be much faster.
First, the drones were much quicker to get going. It took dispatchers an average of three seconds to send a drone into the sky, whereas it took dispatchers an average of three minutes to get an EMS team out the door.
Drones also reached their destinations in an average time of less than 5.5 minutes, compared with the average EMS time of 22 minutes.
The fastest EMS arrival wasn't even 30 seconds faster than the average drone arrival time, and, according to the study, "the drone arrived more quickly than EMS in all cases." Drones were on average more than 16 minutes faster per trip.
The drones, in case you were wondering, won't be able to apply the defibrillators. Someone else will have to be on hand to grab them and help the person in cardiac arrest.
In the United States, 55 people in 100,000 go into cardiac arrest outside of a hospital every year, according to the report. Only 8-10 percent of people who experience that kind of heart trauma survive, but these new findings suggest that drones might be able to boost that percentage.
"We believe that the technology is pretty much available," Andreas Claesson, a coauthor of the study, wrote in an email. "Aviation legislations are strict and may be an obstacle for introduction of drone services as for now. However this will probably change significantly over the next coming years."
A clinical study is in the works for 2018.
Building collapse: Lagos files fresh charges against Lekki gardens' MD, others
The Lagos State Government has filed an amended charge before a Lagos High Court in Igbosere against the Managing Director of Lekki Gardens Estate Limited, Richard Nyong and others over alleged negligence in the events leading to the collapse of a building in Lekki area of the State on March 10, 2016.
The State Government, through the office of the Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr Adeniji Kazeem, had dragged Nyong and others before Justice Sybil Nwaka over the building collapse which reportedly claimed 34 lives.
At the resumed hearing of the matter on Wednesday, the State's Director of Public Prosecution (DPP), Ms.Titilayo Shitta-Bey informed the court of the amended charge dated June 13, 2017 and additional proof of evidence filed against the defendants, saying that all the defendants have since been duly served.
Aside Nyong, other defendants are an Executive Director of Lekki Gardens, Sola Olumofe; Odofin Henry Taiwo, Omolabake Mortune, Omotilewa Oluwatosin Joseph, Lekki Gardens, Get Too Rich Investment Limited and HC Insight Solution Limited.
Earlier, Olumofe's lawyer, George Oguntade (SAN) apologized on behalf of his client for failure to previously appear in court, a development which led to the judge issuing bench warrant against him at the last adjourned date.
Oguntade said Olumofe was in the United Kingdom receiving treatment for Type 2 diabetes and high cholesterol as at the time the bench warrant was issued against him, and that he flew into the country to present himself for trial.
The lawyer, however, gave a firm commitment that his client would not travel outside the country until the matter against him is concluded.
Oguntade also moved an application urging the court to quash the charge against Olumofe on the grounds that the criminal charge disclosed no prema facie case against him, and that the prosecution failed to invite him for questioning before the charge was filed.
Responding to the application, the State's DPP (Shitta-Bey) urged the court to dismiss the application on the account of the fact that it was baseless.
Contrary to Oguntade's contention, Shitta-Bey said even Olumofe admitted in his supporting affidavit that there was nexus between him and the matter, being the lead technical professional in the making of decisions with respect to the construction of the collapsed building.
She added that aside the fact that the Attorney General has the constitutional duty to file criminal charge against anyone reasonable suspected to have committed a crime, the said Olumofe was invited by the police and the Building Collapse Prevention Guild set up by government to investigate the matter, but he failed to present himself for questioning.
After entertaining the arguments for and against the application, Justice Nwaka said there was need to hear the case expeditiously, and thereby adjourned to June 29, 2017 for ruling and arraignment.
Tragedy had struck on 10 March, 2016 when a six-storey building under construction by Lekki Gardens in Lekki area of the State collapsed and killed 34 people.
The developer was said to have added additional floor to the building against what was approved by government for construction.
Specifically, the defendants are facing six-count charges for failure to obtain building approval for the collapsed building and involuntary manslaughter, offences contrary to and punishable under Section 75 (1) of the Urban and Regional Planning and Development Law of Lagos State 2010, and Section 229 of Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015 respectively.
The government also listed some of the victims to include William Akpati (M), Kazeem Ilesanmi (M), Raphael Ezeh (M), Saminu Umar (M) and Sunday Ezeh (M).
The post Building collapse: Lagos files fresh charges against Lekki gardens' MD, others appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Dozens of people are camped out outside of the new Chick-fil-A for a chance to win free food (Source: WAFB)
Dozens of people are camped out outside of the new Chick-fil-A for a chance to win free food (Source: WAFB)
It looks like as if a new campground has opened near LSU. But it's actually dozens of people braving temperatures above 90° for a year's worth of Chick-fil-A.
As of 2 p.m. Wednesday, 42 people were in line and planned to camp out overnight until the franchise's newest restaurant opens on Burbank Drive at Ben Hur at 6 a.m. on Thursday.
Many have set up tents and are sitting around in stadium chairs. The franchise will give the first 100 people in line a voucher good for one free meal per week for an entire year.
The second person in line is Nancy Tull, 71. This is the eighth time Tull has camped outside a Chick-fil-A to cash in on the deal.
The franchise owner, Corey Teem, owned the Chick-fil-A in Cortana Mall for ten years before that location closed.
Those waiting in line are being fed breakfast, lunch, and dinner from the new Chick-fil-A location and are able to enter the restaurant to use the restroom and charge their phones.
The restaurant is asking customers to bring a new or gently used children's book that will eventually be donated to the Southside YMCA in Baton Rouge.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
London-based GoodLife Fitness has wrapped up a $7.5-million class action lawsuit by agreeing to pay employees for extra work and overtime.
This week a Toronto court approved a mediated settlement that was reached back in March.
Josh Mandryk of Goldblatt Partners LLP in Toronto was one of the lawyers who launched the lawsuit in October 2016.
He said the settlement sends a message of “behaviour modification” for major employers, obliging them to treat their employees fairly if they want to maintain a positive public image.
Mandryk said it's also a big financial boost for the GoodLife workers. The settlement covers about 22,000 current and former workers in clubs across Canada, dating back to Oct. 2014. Mandryk estimates a personal trainer who worked during the entire period covered by the settlement would receive about $2,500.
“This is precarious work in a tough industry. These are not high-paid folks. Getting a cheque for hundreds or even thousand of dollars will make big difference for them,” he said.
Mandryk said GoodLife deserves credit for making significant changes to its payment policies and practices even before the settlement was reached, addressing the grievances in the lawsuits.
That included scheduled paid time for selling services to new members, removing the clawback of their commission, and payment for preparation and administration time.
“That's really what made the settlement possible. As these change came along . . . a lot of the claim became historical, it wasn't for ongoing damages,” Mandryk said.
The representative plaintiff was Carrie Eklund, who worked as a personal trainer in a GoodLife club in Toronto.
“I started this class action because I believed GoodLife employees deserved to be paid for all of their hard work, and the changes this claim encouraged and the settlement money to be paid to the class go a long way towards that goal,” Eklund said in a statement released by the lawyers.
Mandryk said it took a lot of courage for GoodLife staff, especially current employees, to join the class action and provide information.
“We had hundreds registered on our class action database. These are non-unionized workers stepping forward and putting themselves on the line,” he said.
Most of the settlement – $5.5 million — will go to personal trainers with the rest going to club-opening specialists, fitness advisers and other GoodLife employees.
The settlement does not apply to employees of Fit4Life, GoodLife's discount brand, and small number of franchised clubs.
About 650 workers at 42 GoodLife clubs in Toronto, Ajax and Peterborough have joined the Workers United union. For those workers the settlement only covers the period prior to the first collective agreement last December.
hdaniszewski@postmedia.com
twitter.com/HankatLFPress
INGERSOLL, Ont. — The union representing about 2,500 striking workers at GM's CAMI assembly plant in Ingersoll, Ont., says the two sides remain far apart on job security and economic issues.
The members of Unifor Local 88 walked off the job Sept. 17 as negotiators worked to have GM designate the plant as the lead producer of the Equinox SUV, which is also produced at two plants in Mexico.
The union says it has been meeting with the automaker daily since Sept. 27 and have “worked through a lot of the contract language” but is awaiting a response from GM on the outstanding issues.
Unifor says the two sides have agreed to pause the talks over the long holiday weekend and reconvene next Tuesday, but will be ready to resume bargaining “at a moment's notice” should GM respond sooner.
GM Canada did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the ongoing negotiations.
Economic Development Minister Brad Duguid said Friday that he had spoken with both GM Canada President Stephen Carlisle and Unifor President Jerry Dias in the last 48 hours.
Neither had asked for government support to keep the Equinox lines in Ontario, he said, while urging both parties to reach an agreement.
“I know they're working very hard and I hope they'll be working over the weekend to find a resolution to this collective bargaining dispute,” Duguid said. “It is rippling through our supply chain economy in Ontario.”
Last Sunday, Dias dismissed GM's latest contract offer as “fluff,” saying it still allows the company to shift its resources away from the Ingersoll plant.
He said the union will not back any deals unless they're confident that more jobs won't be shifted to Mexican plants.
Dias said pre-strike production at Ingersoll was 400,000 vehicles but had since dropped to 190,000 vehicles.
AUSTIN, Texas -- It's a good thing a luxury Escalade was on its way to shuttle us back to our hotel. After the ordeal we had just endured, we needed to be pampered.
OK, so we hadn't escaped a burning building or anything like that, but playing golf can be hard on the mind and body, too. And Ram Rock golf course at Horseshoe Bay Resort had put us through the wringer.
No wonder the 6,926-yard, par-71 layout -- which makes its way from the resort's highest point to its lowest along the Colorado River -- is known as the "challenger" course at the four-track setup.
Ram Rock has a stretch of four or five holes at the turn that are as tough as any you'll play. Narrow and visually intimidating with plenty of places to get in trouble, they have undoubtedly ruined many a good round.
They wreaked havoc on ours. Luckily we had time to decompress with a couple of alcoholic beverages as we waited poolside for our ride and soaked in the rugged terrain of Texas Hill Country.
The well-bunkered and water-aplenty Ram Rock, which has hosted some of Texas' top amateur and professional events, is one of three Robert Trent Jones Sr.-designed courses at upscale Horseshoe Bay, overlooking Lake LBJ about a 45-minute drive northwest of Austin. There's also the recently renovated 6,867-yard, par-72 Slick Rock, the most-forgiving of the three RTJ courses, and Apple Rock (similar to Ram Rock but lacking a killer stretch of holes). All three have been ranked in the top-20 courses in Texas, where weather allows for golf all year long.
Slick Rock is home to the famous par-4 14th hole that features a waterfall that must be driven over (with club) and through (with cart) to get to your ball and the green. It's not that difficult a carry, but it's a neat touch and a favourite among guests.
Though the fairways of the 6,999-yard, par-72 Apple Rock are generous, the hilly terrain of the front nine provides plenty of elevation changes that require well-placed drives and good club selection. The back holes offer panoramic views of Lake LBJ. More than 50 bunkers dot the fairways and protect elevated greens to add some difficulty.
Along with the three RTJ courses, we were fortunate enough to play the ritzy, members-only Jack Nicklaus-designed Summit Rock. The 7,258-yard, par-72 player-friendly track meanders through rolling hills, beautiful oak and pecan trees, wildflowers and expansive views. Amenities include a posh halfway house on each nine with kitchens stocked with food, drinks and candies.
Don't be surprised to see deer on any of these courses. They're everywhere.
We saw even more at the rustic and luxurious Hyatt Lost Pines Resort and Spa, home to the Arthur Hills/Steve Forrest-designed Wolf Dancer, a 7,205-yard, par-72 course with generous fairways dotted with pecan trees, cedar elms and oaks.
The 491-room resort is actually the first stop on our week in the Austin area, which is very accessible thanks to direct Air Canada flights from Toronto that get you into Austin-Bergstrom International Airport in just over three hours. Even though Lost Pines is just 21 km southeast of the airport off Hwy. 71 and 40 km southeast of Austin, it is completely surrounded by nature.
The opening four holes of Wolf Dancer, ranked 14th in Golf Advisor's top 25 courses in Texas in 2016, takes you through rolling prairie, then a wooded ridge comes into play on holes five through 12. The final six holes take you through a treed valley along the Lower Colorado River.
If your game needs some tweaking, stop at the Harvey Penick Academy for some lessons with Jim Hopkins or one of the other friendly PGA certified instructors.
Of course, like all good resorts, there's plenty to do if golf isn't your thing.
Take the kids on the two-storey-high water-slide at Crooked River Water Park, visit the two Texas longhorn mascots at the Lost Pines Corral, enjoy the spa, play tennis, go hiking, horseback riding, kayaking, swimming, fishing, river rafting and tubbing, or have late-night drinks at an outdoor fire pit.
Guests at Horseshoe Bay, named one of America's best by Golf Magazine, can stay in a condo or at the Four Diamond AAA Marriot. Along with the four golf courses, the resort has a mega-sized par-72, 18-hole mini-putt complete with fairways, bunkers and water hazards.
There's also a 325-slip marina, a fitness centre, four pools, 16 tennis courts, a riding stable, fishing, boating and water skiing, as well as 30 wineries within 90 minutes of the resort.
And, who knows, you might just need a few bottles after Ram Rock gets finished with you.
NEED TO KNOW
-- Horseshoe Bay Resort: hsbresort.com or 855-887-0334.
-- Hyatt Lost Pines Resort: lostpines.regency.hyatt.com or 512-308-1234.
-- Golf: wolfdancergolfclub.com.
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Kachikwu visits Shell, Total over PIB, JVs
Daily Trust
In continuation of his visit to the headquarters of International Oil Companies (IOCs) operating in Nigeria, Minister of State for Petroleum Resources Dr. Ibe. Kachikwu has met with Shell and Total to make a case for more oil and gas investments in …
Refineries produce 22% of fuel consumption, says Kachikwu The Nation Newspaper
all 2 news articles »
Mysterious, Flesh-Eating Sea Fleas Attack Australian Teen
The "meat-loving" marine creature that ate at the legs of a Melbourne teenager has been identified as a flesh-eating sea flea, known as a lysianassid amphipod.
Marine biologist Dr Genefor Walker-Smith said the creatures, which left 16-year-old Sam Kanizay with significant bleeding from his legs, were a small, scavenging crustacean that usually fed on dead fish or seabirds.
Kanizay said on Monday he was soaking his legs at Brighton beach when he felt the creatures attack, causing wounds that would not stop bleeding.
But Walker-Smith told the ABC's RN Breakfast program the amphipods posed no risk to the public and that it was safe to go back into the water. She said amphipod bites were common and "normally you would feel them or brush them off". It was a combination of cold water numbing Kanizay's legs, bad luck, and standing still that led to an exceptional number of bites.
"Sam may have walked past a group that was feeding on something. He might have bumped a dead crab and stirred them up," she said.
"He was standing still for a long time in the water and the water was cold, I don't think he actually felt them biting. The fact that he just stood there gave them plenty of time to latch on.
"They don't normally attack humans, it's just an unfortunate coincidence."
Amphipods are related to shrimp and prawns but are smaller in size, ranging from 6-13mm. They are not venomous and their bites do not cause any lasting damage.
They are commonly known as sea fleas or sea lice, although Walker-Smith noted that sea lice was more commonly used to refer to isopods, a different type of crustacean.
On Monday, footage taken by Sam's father Jarrod Kanizay showed a sample of the amphipods swarming around pieces of steak.
"These guys clearly love red meat, they are devouring this," he said.
Sam Kanizay told reporters that he initially thought the amphipods were sand on his legs and brushed the creatures off.
"By the time walked across the sand about 20 meters -- I looked down and noticed that I had blood all over my ankles and feet," he said.
Walker-Smith, who examined samples of the amphipods obtained by the family, said they were a natural part of the marine ecosystem that performed a vital role in the food web.
"If we didn't have them, we'd have a sea full of dead fish and dead birds," she said. "It's just part of the food web, the chain of life."
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Prolific composer, producer, and engineer Richard Swift died this morning, his representative confirmed to Spin. He was 41.
Swift's family had set up a GoFundMe page last month, with a goal of $100,000, to help pay for what the GoFundMe page stated was a “life-threatening condition.” As recently as ten days ago, GoFundMe page owner Lindsay Behr had said in an update that “drs are impressed with the way he has been responding to the care he's been getting.”
As a producer, Swift contributed to critically acclaimed records by Damien Jurado (Brothers and Sisters of the Eternal Sun) Sharon Van Etten, (Are We There) Foxygen (We Are The 21st Century Ambassadors of Peace and Magic), and Kevin Morby (City Music)
He was a singer-songwriter too, releasing several psychedelic folk albums like 2007's Dressed Up For The Let Down and 2009's The Atlantic Ocean via Secretly Canadian.
Richard Swift also played in indie rock supergroup The Arcs, the Shins, and the Black Keys for a brief stint as a touring bassist in 2014. Dan Auerbach, Swift's bandmate in the Arcs and the Black Keys, posted about Swift's death on his personal Instagram page, writing “Today the world lost one of the most talented musicians I know. He's now with his Mom and Sister. I will miss you my friend.”
The World Cup qualifier between Costa Rica and Honduras initially scheduled for Friday has been pushed back to Saturday due to Tropical Storm Nate.
The storm killed at least 20 people in Costa Rica, Honduras and Nicaragua on Thursday. Costa Rica declared a national state of emergency on Thursday afternoon due to Nate, which is expected to hit the Louisiana, Mississippi and Florida coasts late Saturday or early Sunday as a Category 1 hurricane.
The qualifier will kick off at Estadio Nacional at 6 pm ET on Saturday.
The match holds major implications for the US, who will host Panama in Orlando in a critical World Cup qualifier on Friday (7 pm ET; ESPN2, Univision, UDN).
Costa Rica is currently in second in the CONCACAF Hexagonal, and need just one point from their final two Hex matches to secure a berth at next summer's World Cup. Honduras is in fifth in the Hex, tied with fourth-place US on points but trailing the Americans via tiebreaker.
A US win on Friday coupled with a Honduras loss on Saturday would all but guarantee at least fourth place and a spot in the World Cup qualifying playoff against Australia or Syria for the US.
Honduras will host Mexico in their World Cup qualifying finale on Tuesday night. Costa Rica will travel to take on Panama in their Hex closer, also on Tuesday.
TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) — A fatal pedestrian crash involving a self-driving Uber SUV in a Phoenix suburb could have far-reaching consequences for the new technology as automakers and other companies race to be the first with cars that operate on their own.
The crash Sunday night in Tempe was the first death involving a full autonomous test vehicle. The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human backup driver at the wheel when it struck 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg as she was walking a bicycle outside the lines of a crosswalk in Tempe, police said.
Uber immediately suspended all road-testing of such autos in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto. The ride-sharing company has been testing self-driving vehicles for months as it competes with other technology companies and automakers like Ford and General Motors.
Though many in the industries had been dreading a fatal crash they knew it was inevitable.
Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock said local authorities haven't determined fault but urged people to use crosswalks. He told reporters at a news conference Monday the Uber vehicle was traveling around 40 mph when it hit Helzberg immediately as she stepped on to the street.
Neither she nor the backup driver showed signs of impairment, he said.
"The pedestrian was outside of the crosswalk, so it was midblock," Elcock said. "And as soon as she walked into the lane of traffic, she was struck by the vehicle."
The National Transportation Safety Board, which makes recommendations for preventing crashes, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which can enact regulations, sent investigators.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account and said the company is cooperating with investigators.
The public's image of the vehicles will be defined by stories like the crash in Tempe, said Bryant Walker Smith, a University of South Carolina law professor who studies self-driving vehicles. It may turn out that there was nothing either the vehicle or its human backup could have done to avoid the crash, he said.
Either way, the fatality could hurt the technology's image and lead to a push for more regulations at the state and federal levels, Smith said.
Autonomous vehicles with laser, radar and camera sensors and sophisticated computers have been billed as the way to reduce the more than 40,000 traffic deaths a year in the U.S. alone. Ninety-four percent of crashes are caused by human error, the government says.
Self-driving vehicles don't drive drunk, don't get sleepy and aren't easily distracted. But they do have faults.
"We should be concerned about automated driving," Smith said. "We should be terrified about human driving."
In 2016, the latest year available, more than 6,000 U.S. pedestrians were killed by vehicles.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
Many states, including Michigan and Arizona, have taken a largely hands-off approach, hoping to gain jobs from the new technology, while California and others have taken a harder line.
California is among states that require manufacturers to report any incidents during the testing phase. As of early March, the state's motor vehicle agency had received 59 such reports.
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey used light regulations to entice Uber to the state after the company had a shaky rollout of test cars in San Francisco. Arizona has no reporting requirements. Hundreds of vehicles with automated driving systems have been on Arizona's roads.
Ducey's office expressed sympathy for Herzberg's family and said safety is the top priority.
The crash in Arizona isn't the first involving an Uber autonomous test vehicle. In March 2017, an Uber SUV flipped onto its side, also in Tempe. No serious injuries were reported, and the driver of the other car was cited for a violation.
Herzberg's death is the first involving an autonomous test vehicle but not the first in a car with some self-driving features. The driver of a Tesla Model S was killed in 2016 when his car, operating on its Autopilot system, crashed into a tractor-trailer in Florida.
The NTSB said that driver inattention was to blame but that design limitations with the system played a major role in the crash.
The U.S. Transportation Department is considering further voluntary guidelines that it says would help foster innovation. Proposals also are pending in Congress, including one that would stop states from regulating autonomous vehicles, Smith said.
Peter Kurdock, director of regulatory affairs for Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety in Washington, said the group sent a letter Monday to Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao saying it is concerned about a lack of action and oversight by the department as autonomous vehicles are developed. That letter was planned before the crash.
Kurdock said the deadly accident should serve as a "startling reminder" to members of Congress that they need to "think through all the issues to put together the best bill they can to hopefully prevent more of these tragedies from occurring."
___
Krisher reported from Detroit. Susan Montoya Bryan in Albuquerque, New Mexico; and Felicia Fonseca in Flagstaff, Arizona, contributed to this story.
Lawyers for President Donald Trump recently provided the special counsel's office with documents in an attempt to limit the scope of an interview between Trump and special counsel Robert Mueller, The Washington Post reported Monday.
Two people familiar with the situation told the Post that Trump's attorneys are worried that the President could get into trouble during a lengthy interview with the special counsel, and therefore provided "written descriptions" of moments under investigation to limit some of the questioning.
News of the attempt by Trump's attorneys came after a weekend where the President railed repeatedly against the Russia investigation, implying the special counsel team is politically biased against him and saying the probe itself should never have begun.
Additionally, John Dowd, a lawyer for Trump, said in a statement on Saturday that he prayed Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein would end the investigation. And sources told CNN on Monday that Trump is expected to hire Joseph diGenova, an attorney who has claimed people in the Justice Department and FBI are trying to frame the President.
The comments prompted warnings from some Republicans, and despite further warnings about the consequences of trying to force an end to the probe, lawmakers played down the need to take up special legislation to protect Mueller from the President.
The Post cited one person as saying Trump has told aides he is "champing at the bit" for an interview with the special counsel.
Trump said in January that he wanted to speak, under oath, with Mueller, and Dowd said shortly after the comment that he would be the one to decide if the President would do so.
CNN reported last month that Trump still wanted to sit for an interview with Mueller, despite concerns from his attorneys. Last week, a source confirmed to CNN that Mueller had subpoenaed the Trump Organization for business documents.
The newest member of In-Town Gallery, Ron Lowery, has owned a professional photography studio in Chattanooga since 1978. Over the years, he has worked with clients in advertising and photo editing, shooting architectural, aerial, underwater, fashion, food and product photographs. He has developed an extensive knowledge of 3D printing from original visual concepts he developed on the computer for many large corporations' advertising campaigns. Yet Ron's favorite work comes from a singular place- the sky.
Working in his "art studio in the sky," Ron has flown high over 34 states to photograph unusual landscapes and textures. He soars in an open cockpit airplane that he built with his son. His photographs provide a different and remarkable perspective on fascinating places, from the very familiar to the undiscovered.
In 2003 he tackled the greatest challenge of his life, flying 14,000 miles to retrace the route of the Lewis and Clark expedition. He provided a new perspective on the rugged route the famous explorers followed in a highly successful coffee-table book, Chasing Lewis & Clark Across America: A 21st Century Aviation Adventure.
Ron's gorgeous color photographs also illustrated his other book, Tennessee River: Sparkling Gem of the South. His unusual flying lifestyle and adventures have been featured on PBS and in many national and international publications. He continues to take to the sky as often as he can to seek out and photograph uncommon scenes and textures that excite him.
Above the Valley, Ron Lowery's First Friday exhibit of photographs of the Tennessee Valley, will open on Friday, April 6, 5-8 pm. Join us to hear Ron's tales of discovery and daring as an aerial photographer.
The Edmonton Eskimos acquired defensive lineman Jake Ceresna from the Ottawa Redblacks on Friday.
Ottawa received defensive lineman Odell Willis, who the Redblacks then traded to the B.C. Lions for a fourth round pick in the 2018 draft and a player off the Lions' negotiation list.
Ceresna played 14 games in his first CFL season last year, recording 18 tackles and two quarterback sacks for Ottawa.
Ceresna spent time with the New York Jets in the NFL before starting his CFL career.
Willis had 22 tackles and eight quarterback sacks for Edmonton last season.
The 33-year-old is entering his 10th year in the league. He has 218 career tackles, 86 sacks, three interceptions and 22 forced fumbles over 155 games.
Fantastic Beasts 2: The Crimes of Grindelwald will welcome a brand-new professor to the wizarding world of Harry Potter.
Acclaimed comedian and actress Jessica Williams is playing the role of Professor Eulalie ‘Lally' Hicks, who is one of the teachers at the American equivalent of Hogwarts called Ilvermorny.
Williams confirmed the news in an Instagram video, featuring Fantastic Beasts writer JK Rowling, which was filmed during the intermission of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, which has transferred to the Lyric theatre on Broadway.
Rowling herself tweeted that Hicks won't be a main player in the new movie but will come into her own in the third film.
“You only see a HINT of Lally in Fantastic Beasts 2. Her true glory is revealed in FB3,” she posted.
You only see a HINT of Lally in Fantastic Beasts 2. Her true glory is revealed in FB3. https://t.co/8vyhdlU71m — J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) April 22, 2018
According to The Leaky Cauldron, Williams' character's House is called Thunderbird.
Here's the Fantastic Beasts 2 synopsis:
J.K. Rowling wrote the screenplay for the film, which opens in 1927, a few months after Newt helped to unveil and capture the infamous Dark wizard Gellert Grindelwald. However, as he promised he would, Grindelwald has made a dramatic escape and has been gathering more followers to his cause—elevating wizards above all non-magical beings.
The only one who might be able to stop him is the wizard he once called his dearest friend, Albus Dumbledore. But Dumbledore will need help from the wizard who had thwarted Grindelwald once before, his former student Newt Scamander. The adventure reunites Newt with Tina, Queenie and Jacob, but his mission will also test their loyalties as they face new perils in an increasingly dangerous and divided wizarding world.
Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald will be in cinemas on November 16, 2018. Watch a trailer below.
READ MORE
Watch the first trailer for Fantastic Beasts 2
JK Rowling won't be writing a Cursed Child sequel
Harry Potter director criticises Steven Spielberg
Fans walk on a bridge with an umbrella during a practice round for the U.S. Open golf tournament Wednesday, June 14, 2017, at Erin Hills in Erin, Wis. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
ERIN, Wis. (AP) -- Determined to avoid the embarrassing rules mess from a year ago, the USGA is shaking up the way it officiates the U.S. Open at Erin Hills.
It pledged to respond quicker and not wait to make a ruling.
''I think last year there were two things we fell short on - it took too long to make the ruling and it left uncertainty with the competition,'' said John Bodenhamer, the USGA's managing director of rules and competition. ''I think should a similar circumstance happen, I think we are poised to move quickly.''
The U.S. Open, as well as the USGA's other biggest events, will no longer have referees who walk with each group, a practice that dates to 1991. Instead, officials will be stationed at various spots on each hole around the course.
The biggest advancement is having four video monitor stations, along with the use of tablets, that will allow officials to review any rules discrepancies on the course to reach conclusions immediately.
That might have made it a lot easier on Dustin Johnson - and everyone else - last year at Oakmont.
Johnson's golf ball moved slightly as he stepped in for a 3-foot par putt on the fifth hole. He didn't think he caused it to move, called in the walking referee and no penalty was assessed. But when the USGA saw video, officials thought there might be a penalty.
They told Johnson when he was on the 12th tee, saying he might be penalized and they could review it after the round. That would have been fine except that it was the final round. Johnson played the last seven holes not knowing if he would be penalized, and thus not knowing the score.
It was a major gaffe, saved only by Johnson playing so well that he had a four-shot lead when he birdied the final hole to win the U.S. Open. After meeting with officials, he was given a one-shot penalty that affected only the margin of victory, not the name on the trophy.
The USGA has a five-member rules committee led by Thomas Pagel, the senior director of rules. Pagel will be the chief referee for the U.S. Open, who can make immediate decisions that would stand.
A repeat of the Johnson incident is unlikely this year, and not just because the greens at Erin Hills are nowhere near as fast as Oakmont's putting surfaces. The USGA introduced a local rule last year that if a golf ball or marker moves accidentally, the player puts it back without penalty.
Having video more readily available for review should help avoid uncertainty.
Bodenhamer said the rules committee - not always the player, in some cases - would be able to look at the video and quickly decide whether it's a penalty.
It was the most significant change for a U.S. Open that is desperate to have a smooth tournament. The previous year at Chambers Bay, the grass on the greens was starting to die before the U.S. Open began and at times on the weekend, players were putting through what amounted to matted dirt.
Jordan Spieth won when Johnson, needing a 12-foot eagle putt to win, three-putted for par to finish second. He missed a 4-foot birdie putt on the bumpy green.
Part of that could be attributed to weather in the Pacific Northwest that week.
As for Oakmont a year ago, that was a breakdown in communication and delivering the ruling at the right time.
''We not only learned from it, but we made changes,'' USGA executive director Mike Davis said. ''And I think that's the way you have to approach anything that doesn't go right: 'How can we make it better? How can we make sure it doesn't happen in the future?'''
David Bowie was given a heads-up about his death decades before it occurred, according to his longtime keyboardist.
Mike Garson, who performed and recorded with Bowie throughout his career, will be publishing an updated edition of his 2015 biography Bowie's Piano Man: The Life Of Mike Garson in May, which contains stories he couldn't tell before. One of them is about Bowie meeting a psychic during the late '70s who accurately forecasted his January 2016 passing. “(The psychic) told him he was going to die exactly when he died,” Garson, who's preparing to lead the next leg of his all-star Celebrating David Bowie tour in North America, tells Billboard. “There are a lot of psychics who are out of their minds and full of it, but this one was real. David knew it and didn't doubt it for a second. He told me about (the reading) with certainty, accepted it, and planned his future out based on that. He had 30, 40 years to plan out his life.”
The new version of the book will feature an additional 100 pages of material gathered by author Clifford Slapper, including interviews with “so many new people that weren't in the book.” The project also led to Garson's last conversation with Bowie, during the fall of 2015, after the keyboardist compiled a song-by-song commentary about all the tracks he played on Bowie's album. “It was pretty profound,” Garson recalls, “so I wrote David instantly and said, ‘I can't believe this.' And he called back within 10 seconds and said, ‘Mike, we did an amazing body of work together.' And the way he said it, I got off the phone and said to my wife, ‘I'm never gonna see him again or play with him again.' It was the strangest feeling. I didn't know he was sick with cancer. It was like, ‘Thank you for this work, and goodbye…'”
Garson, who played on nine of Bowie's studio albums from 1973-2003 and was part of several tours, is gearing up for the 2/10 start of Celebrating David Bowie, which on this run features Bowie alumni Earl Slick, Carmine Rojas, and Gerry Leonard, along with Rolling Stones backup singer Bernard Fowler, Sting's son Joe Sumner, and vocalist Gaby Moreno. “I think it's a collective healing (at the shows),” Garson says. “It's a composite feeling. It's not just my grief; It feels like we all lost him, maybe earlier than we thought. People didn't get enough of him and they want to hear these songs, and they sing every word for two hours.” He adds that the musicians' Bowie pedigrees make Celebrating David Bowie the most authentic tribute available.
“We have great players who were all his music directors at different times,” Garson explains. “Since we're the alumni we can make them ours. The respect that his people have for David's music and how well they own it and deliver their parts, and it's kind of startling to me and fascinating and it shows the depth of Davis' music and layers that he had to impart to his public. It's so much deeper than a rock star. He was a real force of nature, a renaissance man, and we're just trying to honor him and what we did.”
This article originally appeared on Billboard.
Fortune 500 chief executives who are women Fortune 500 chief executives named John The number of chief executives named John — a group that is overwhelmingly white — is very similar to the number of female executives. There are even more Jameses.
In the corridors of American power, it can be as easy to find a man named John as it is to find a woman.
Fewer Republican senators are women than men named John — despite the fact that Johns represent 3.3 percent of the population, while women represent 50.8 percent. Fewer Democratic governors are women than men named John. And fewer women directed the top-grossing 100 films last year than men named Michael and James combined.
These comparisons come from our updated and expanded Glass Ceiling Index, in which we counted the women and men in important leadership roles in American life — including politics, law, business, tech, academia, film and media.
Of the groups of leaders we examined, chief executives and directors of last year's top-grossing films have the lowest rates of women. Top venture capitalists and House Republicans were next, followed by groups of politicians from both parties: Republican senators and governors and Democratic governors.
There are fewer
women among ... ...than there are
men named: Chief executives of Fortune 500 companies 5% James 5% Directors of the 100 top-grossing movies of 2017 7% James and Michael 8% Venture capital investors in the largest tech deals of the last 5 years 9% David , James and Peter 11% Republican representatives 9% David , John and Robert 12% Republican senators 12% John 14% Republican governors 12% Doug , Eric and Phil 18% Democratic governors 13% John 19% Cabinet members 21% Daniel , David , James and John 25% Presidents of private colleges 21% David , James , John , Richard , Robert , Thomas and William 23% Editors of the largest newspapers by circulation 24% Chris , Dan , David , Frank , James , Joel and Mike 26% Federal judges 27% David , James , John , Joseph , Michael , Paul , Richard , Robert , Thomas and William 27% Democratic representatives 31% Adam , Adriano , Alan , Albert , Charles , Charlie , Collin , Connor , Daniel , Danny , Darren , David , Donald , Henry , James , Jared , Jerrold , John , Joseph , Mark , Michael , Mike , Peter , Richard , Robert , Ruben and William 32% Supreme Court justices 33% Anthony , Clarence , John and Neil 44% Democratic senators 35% Benjamin , Brian , Charles , Chris , Christopher , Cory , Doug , Edward , Gary , Jack , Jeff , John , Joseph , Richard and Robert 38% MacArthur ‘genius' fellows of 2017 38% Damon , Dawoud , Derek , Emmanuel , Gabriel , Greg , Jason , Rami , Stefan and Sunil 42% There are more women than men among the editors of the largest magazines by circulation. Name frequency among men in 2010 Some common name variants are condensed; Democratic senators includes independent senators who caucus with Democrats. We excluded three currently vacant House seats from our analysis. Some films listed more than one person as their director.
Of the 24 MacArthur Foundation “genius” grant winners this year, nine were women, and none of the men were named John. That group, chosen by a committee for its creativity, diversity of thought and “promise for important future advances,” was more diverse than other groups in many ways, and that was reflected in the group's gender ratio and the names of its men. The only category we examined in which more than half of leaders were women — about 52 percent — was editors of the top 50 magazines by circulation. This may be because many of the most popular magazines are about fashion and lifestyle, and cater to women.
Our index was inspired by a 2015 report by Ernst & Young, which found that women made up 16 percent of board members of companies on the S.&P. 1500, less than the share of board seats held by men named John, Robert, James and William. That number has improved slightly: 19 percent of board members are now women, according to updated numbers from Ernst & Young. (The company has not updated its count of board members with particular names.)
The Upshot first published the Glass Ceiling Index three years ago. Justin Wolfers, an economist and an Upshot contributor, looked at various categories and calculated the ratio of women to men who had four of the most common male names. Since then, the proportion of women at the top hasn't improved much.
How representation has changed among the groups we counted in 2015
Pct. women, 2015 and 2018 2018 2015 Dem. senators Supreme Court justices Dem. representatives Cabinet members Corporate board members Rep. senators Rep. representatives 35% 33% (no change) 31% 20% 19% 12% (no change) 9% (no change) 10% 20 30 Pct. women, 2015 and 2018 In 2018 In 2015 Dem. senators Supreme Court justices Dem. representatives Cabinet members Corporate board members Rep. senators Rep. representatives 30% 33% 26% 16% 35% 33% (no change) 31% 20% 19% 12% (no change) 9% (no change) 5% 10 15 20 25 30 35
This time, we examined the question a little differently: How many male names, starting with the most common names in each group, does it take to outnumber all women? In some cases – among Republican senators, Democratic governors or the chief executives of Fortune 500 companies, for example — the men named John were enough to reach parity or come close. In several other institutions, it took only two male names to overtake the women.
Our lists of names come from different organizations. Most are current, but a few have time lags based on when data was collected.
The prevalence of men in power with particular names is revealing not only of skewed gender representation, but also of the whiteness of many institutions of American politics, culture and education. White men continue to dominate many categories of leadership in America, as our Times colleagues showed in an analysis in 2016.
Women earn more college degrees than men and increasingly work in occupations that used to be male-dominated, and yet their their progress to positions of power has been slowed or stalled. There are many reasons for this, researchers say. Women are more likely to take breaks from their careers to raise children. Men at the top are more likely to mentor and promote people like themselves.
Women also face double standards: People in power need to be assertive and ambitious, but women are often criticized for acting that way.
One of the biggest reasons women are so outnumbered at the top, studies show, is discrimination.
KYOTO, Japan--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--On April 20, 2018, SCREEN Semiconductor Solutions Co., Ltd. (SCREEN) signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with National Tsing Hua University (NTHU) in a ceremony commemorating the launch of the massively E-beam direct write lithography for 12 inches Si wafers (MEB12) program.
NTHU combined with international semiconductor equipment and software suppliers will establish the first massively electron beam direct writing (MEBDW) innovative semiconductor industry-university alliance to develop the state-of-the-art maskless lithography technology. The MEBDW lithography technology enables “on-chip security”, making Taiwan the world's first development and pilot production for security chips with unique IDs, providing information security for the Internet, AI, electronic payment and automotive chips.
The MEB12 program participants include the world's only commercial MEBDW lithography equipment manufacturer, Mapper Lithography B.V., from the Netherlands and U.S. design software supplier Synopsys, Inc. SCREEN will support the MEB12 program with both DUO lithography coat/develop track and SU-3200 single wafer cleaning systems.
As one of the MEB12 project initiators, Professor Po-Wen Chiu of NTHU's Department of Electrical Engineering and chairman of the Center for Nanotechnology, Materials Science, and Microsystems, pointed out: “This project is a successful case to use Taiwan's strong penetration capability in the semiconductor manufacturing sector, to form an alliance with international semiconductor giants and build up the most advanced commercial 12 inch MEBDW lithography process line in the campus, making NTHU the world's first university to have this unique R&D capability.”
“We are very pleased to be supporting NTHU in Taiwan as they pioneer the MEB12 alliance,” noted Tadahiro Suhara, president of SCREEN Semiconductor Solutions. “This is a testament to the value our SCREEN equipment technology and resources bring to innovative IoT applications.”
The MEB12 alliance will allow Taiwan and neighboring Asian semiconductor IC design and manufacturing companies to join the alliance with membership and jointly develop the innovative chips. According to Professor Chiu, “In addition to developing security chips, it can also be used as a maskless IC design verification platform which survives the start-up IC design companies by significantly reducing the soaring costs derived from the photomasks, and a low-cost foundry service with high resolution and high graphic-flexibility for the niche applications.”
About National Tsing Hua University (NTHU)
National Tsing Hua University was established in Beijing in 1911 as Tsing Hua Academy. In 1956, National Tsing Hua University was re-established at its present location in Hsinchu, Taiwan. Since its relocation, NTHU has developed into a comprehensive research university offering a full range of degree programs in science, technology, engineering, humanities, social sciences and management. NTHU consistently ranks as one of the premier universities in East Asia and is widely recognized as a leading incubator for future leaders. For more information on NTHU, please visit http://nthu-en.web.nthu.edu.tw.
About SCREEN Semiconductor Solutions Co., Ltd.
SCREEN Semiconductor Solutions has been established as a group company of SCREEN Holdings, inheriting the semiconductor equipment business from its predecessor, Dainippon Screen. SCREEN is a specialized manufacturer in various areas such as wafer cleaning equipment, lithography equipment and thermal anneals, and is one of the world's top 10 equipment suppliers to the semiconductor manufacturing industry. For more information, please visit http://www.screen.co.jp/eng/spe.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005735/en/
CONTACT: SCREEN Semiconductor Solutions Co., Ltd.
Charles Pieczulewski / Hiroaki Sugimoto, +81-75-417-2527
speinfo@screen.co.jp
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES EUROPE ASIA PACIFIC NORTH AMERICA CHINA NETHERLANDS CALIFORNIA SOUTH KOREA TAIWAN JAPAN
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: EDUCATION UNIVERSITY TECHNOLOGY ELECTRONIC DESIGN AUTOMATION HARDWARE SECURITY SEMICONDUCTOR MANUFACTURING OTHER MANUFACTURING
SOURCE: SCREEN Semiconductor Solutions Co., Ltd.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 05:55 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 05:55 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005735/en
Preston-based Jackson Racing have paid a heartfelt tribute to one of their motorbike riders Dan Kneen, who has tragically died at the Isle of Man TT.
The 30-year-old Manxman sustained fatal injuries at the Churchtown section during Superbike qualifying on Wednesday.
A Jackson Racing statement said: "I'm not too sure what to say really. Heartbroken, numb and in disbelief are a few words that come to mind.
"It's been one of the toughest days to deal with for myself and the whole team, Dan was a great sportsman, a true professional, always full of laughter and sarcasm, his style was unique on a bike, 2018 was set to be his year!
"He fitted straight in with the team and had a bright future in front of him, the world is a sadder place without you...
"Our thoughts are with Richard, Ryan, Leanne and the rest of Dan's family and friends."
Jackson Racing have been a continuous presence in motorcycle racing paddocks since the 1970s when Alan Jackson senior won three consecutive World Formula Two Championships as well as four victories at the Isle of Man TT.
Sons Alan junior and Andy continued the dynasty with Alan winning the 2003 Isle Of Man TT 750cc Production class before going on to setting the outright lap record at the Manx Grand Prix in 2005, a record that stood for 10 years.
A second rider believed to be Steve Mercer, who also rides for Jackson Racing, was flown to Nobles Hospital after a collision.
The Jackson Racing statement continued: "Steve got flown off island late last night to receive further assessments and treatment following an incident on his way back to the grandstand."
"Our thoughts are also with Steve, Caroline, Daniel, Alex and family."
Reb: The Russians are clearly taking advantage of our divisions in our government and society. We had bettered our differences aside in a hurry or we will find ourselves in a very bad position very soon as our enemies divide and conquer us.
Man set Free after spending 38 Years in Prison for False Rape Conviction
A Louisiana man Malcolm Alexander has been released from jail after serving 38 years for a false rape accusation. The Innocence Project, a non-profit which secured the release of Alexander, shared his story, from his journey to prison in 1979, to his eventual release. DNA evidence proved that his conviction – a result of an incompetent lawyer […]
The post Man set Free after spending 38 Years in Prison for False Rape Conviction appeared first on BellaNaija.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DURHAM, N.C. (WNCN) – A crowd of protesters gathered outside the old Durham County courthouse on Main Street Monday evening in opposition to a Confederate monument in front of the government building.
Around 7:10 p.m. a woman climbed the statue using a ladder and attached a rope around the statue.
Moments later, the crowd pulled on the rope and the statue fell. One man quickly ran up and spat on the statue and several others began kicking it.
In 1924, the Confederate statue was dedicated to Durham.
Engraved on the front of the monument is “The Confederate States of America.”
Above it, is a statue representing a soldier who fought in the civil war.
“It needs to be removed,” Loan Tran, an organizer, said earlier Monday. “These Confederate statues in Durham, in North Carolina, all across the country.”
There are similar monuments in several cities around North Carolina.
Tran doesn't want to see it anymore.
“When I see a Confederate statue in downtown Durham, or really anywhere, it fills me with a lot of rage and frustration,” she said.
Organizers say tonight's protest is a reaction to the events in Charlottesville this past weekend.
“People can be mobilized and people are angry and when enough people are angry, we don't have to look to politicians to sit around in air conditions and do nothing when we can do things ourselves,” said Takiyah Thompson, a protester.
The statue is on county property.
This statue has been the center of controversy before after graffiti was spray painted on it a few years ago.
The group that met Monday say their purpose is to “smash white supremacy.”
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
Did E.T. Send Us Our First Interstellar Asteroid? Scientists Search for Communication Signal
Last night we shared the story of bullied Tennessee teen Keaton Jones and the support he received after his mother Kimberly Jones posted a viral video on Facebook of Keaton asking why bullies do what they do.
Twenty four hours later and the story has changed dramatically after alleged screenshots from Kimberly's Facebook page surfaced online revealing that she's a suspect racist.
Photos show Kimberly Jones posing with the Confederate flag. Another photo shows a Snapchat image containing the words, “I stand for the flag, I kneel at the cross.”
Another image tweeted by activist Tariq Nasheed shows an August post by Jones, in which she bullied black protesters: “Dear butt hurt Americans, If you aren't bleeding, no bones are sticking out & you can breathe, STOP crying! For the love, some folks clearly never picked a switch. And before y'all start talking to me about metaphorical, emotional, financial or historical blood & brokenness, Don't. Join a group.”
That viral video of #KeatonJones talking about being bullied is heartbreaking, and I feel sympathetic towards that child.
But his mom, Kimberly on the other hand, is a suspected racist who makes very problematic posts bullying Black protesters #TheIrony pic.twitter.com/NUhidunP8z — Tariq Nasheed (@tariqnasheed) December 11, 2017
Jones' motivations for sharing the video of her son are now being questioned as well, as there appears to be a big money grab going on online by some alleging to be Jones and others, Buzzfeed News reports:
Kimberly Jones has not responded to BuzzFeed News inquiries, and she's deleted or privatized most of her social media presence. However, someone running an Instagram account claiming to be her has been responding to followers of Keaton's story and sharing donation channels for Keaton.
On Sunday, the account @kimberlyjones_38 reshared the viral video of Keaton along with a vague description of a tenuous relationship with Keaton's father.
“For those that don't know Keaton's father isn't in he's [sic] life and we are being going through Soo much with Keaton's school and personal things I can't discuss at this time. So if you could PayPal me anything. I'll gladly appreciate the help & donation,” she wrote.
People have also created other donation channels for Keaton and her mother. One GoFundMe campaign titled “Stand Up for Keaton,” created by a man named Joseph Lam, has raised over $58,000 of a $20,000 goal.
A spokesperson for GoFundMe told BuzzFeed News they are in contact with Lam “to ensure all of the funds raised go to Keaton.”
The Daily Mail adds:
Also on Monday, MMA fighter Joe Schilling took to his Instagram page and posted an exchange he had with the user @kimberlyjones_38, in which she called what happened to the middle-school ‘an opportunity' for her son and noted that she is poor, ‘not rich.'
When Schilling responded by accusing the woman of using her son's pain ‘as a platform' and declaring that he was no longer interested in getting involved, the user replied: ‘What happened to use whites sticking together and helping one of [sic] another against the predator?'
A woman who claimed to be Keaton Jones' older sister, Lakyn Jones, insisted in a series of tweets responding to her family's critics that her mother was not the one asking for money.
Ms Jones further claimed that her mother's actual Instagram page was private, not public, like the @kimberlyjones_38.
‘We aren't looking for money and haven't created any gofundmes [sic],' she said in a message to one user.
A GoFundMe page that had been set up for Keaton with nearly $60,000 has been shut down and is no longer acceptinf donations.
GoFundMe says it needs to contact Kimberly Jones, to ensure she's the beneficiary because the man who started the page doesn't know her. So far, the company has been unsuccessful in reaching her.
A second GoFundMe page, reportedly started by Ms Jones to solicit money for Keaton's Christmas gifts has been shut down due to fraud concerns, according to TMZ.
The Root adds:
Apparently Kimberly Jones is not the owner of a verified Instagram account, and Joe Schilling was communicating with an alleged fake profile:
It seems as though no one can verify the authenticity of the alleged Instagram account belonging to Kimberly Jones. The previous Instagram account below has been wiped of its profile photo, and a Wayback Machine search showed that it once belonged to a teenager, who may be playing an Instagram hoax and selling verified Instagram accounts.
There are other unconfirmed reports that Keaton was using the N-word at school:
There's also an unconfirmed story going around that the incident started because Keaton used the n-word on multiple occasions and his schoolmates started getting on him to stop.
The person who revealed the photos of Keaton racists family last night also said that Keaton repeatedly call a kid in school ni**er on several different occasions. And that the kids got on Keaton's ass to make him stop. So is it really Bullying… https://t.co/oXbAf6xHqs — In Why See (@Candi_AppleRed1) December 11, 2017
Meanwhile, celebs are responding to the controversy:
If #Keaton was making racially bullying statements he and his mom needs to go to the principles office too & give an apology to those kids. https://t.co/6Eb8Pq69jA — Patricia Arquette (@PattyArquette) December 11, 2017
Well I'm inviting Keaton to the Golden Globes and making him sit with the cast of Get Out. — billy eichner (@billyeichner) December 11, 2017
Keaton didn't get to choose the family that raised & shaped him, you smug ghoul. How ‘bout showing him that people of all races & creeds can come together? Change things, maybe? Show him a better world? https://t.co/BZqBEboabL — Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) December 11, 2017
I've seen her posts and if true, I'd say there's potential for a great, teachable moment here. My offer for Keaton to visit ESPN stands, because what happened to him was cruel. That said, this is a stark example of selective empathy. https://t.co/XbZ9NpKJe2 — Jemele Hill (@jemelehill) December 11, 2017
Learning that Keaton's family are supportive of the confederate flag is disappointing for me as a person of colour but I still feel that this child, yes CHILD, deserves to be treated with respect & should not be bullied. The beliefs/hypocrisy of his parents is another issue. 1/2 https://t.co/eAS6AxqJ8I — Nathalie Emmanuel (@missnemmanuel) December 11, 2017
Maybe the support for Keaton from everyone including people of colour for his right to be treated with dignity and respect might help them see why the confederate flag and what it symbolises historically is upsetting. https://t.co/eAS6AxqJ8I — Nathalie Emmanuel (@missnemmanuel) December 11, 2017
“A total disaster.”
“Appalling.”
“A mosh pit and Woodstock combined.”
These were among the withering reviews received by Veterans Canada this year to its hosting of 25,000 Canadians in France for the centennial of the Battle of Vimy Ridge, one of the most famed military battles in Canadian history.
It was a solemn occasion on April 9, the culmination of years of planning to make the event go smoothly. The ceremony was in the style of a Remembrance Day event, but bigger, with speeches, thousands of empty boots to symbolize the men killed, some interpretive dancing and a live TV broadcast in Canada.
Concerts and sports events handle similar crowds all the time. They bus people in, open lots of gates, supply portable toilets and water, give clear directions and let everyone go home when the event is over.
However, documents obtained through an access-to-information request showed how visitors who travelled all the way from Canada were stranded, injured and left sweltering in the sun with no water. They were forced to urinate on the grass for lack of toilets and finally penned in enclosures for two hours or more after dignitaries — including princes Charles, Harry and William and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau — drove away past them.
Seniors were pushed and shoved against metal gates by overcrowding. Some students gave up waiting and walked across the battlefield still containing some unexploded shells. Families were separated as darkness fell.
Many later wrote to Veterans Affairs Canada. While those in front of the monument agreed it had been a moving ceremony, thousands at the back could not see or hear and the logistics of handling 25,000 people broke down badly.
We stood in a solid uncontrolled mass of people, crushed and pushed for over 3 hours. A person near me fainted but did not slump over due to the close mass of people
The visitors' letters — 397 pages of them — tell of heat exhaustion, thirst, full bladders and fear. Here are some excerpts, with the senders' names removed by Veterans Affairs.
• One woman wrote in simple detail of the danger to seniors caught in the exit crowd, waiting for buses to the hotel. “When the ceremony ended at 6 p.m., we stood in a solid uncontrolled mass of people, crushed and pushed for over 3 hours until a shuttle bus would be available for a small number to charge ahead. A person near me fainted but did not slump over due to the close mass of people …
“After being pushed, shoved and crushed against a metal gate, I was separated from my husband and friends, on the opposite side of the gate, in the dark, with no one immediately near by who could speak my language to offer help. It has been described by most as cattle being herded onto cattle trains.
“By the time we reached our hotel at 11:30 p.m., we were so tired, injured and upset that eating a meal was impossible for most of us.”
Many in her group had to get up the following day at 3 a.m. to go to the airport. “A few of us seniors required wheelchairs at the airport due to the unfortunate incidents at the Vimy site.” Her letter is calm right to the end, when she concludes: “SHAME SHAME ON YOU!”
• Another woman described the wait for buses this way: “Finally the crowd broke through the barriers. We were liked caged animals. (Name deleted) felt afraid and claustrophobic. It was just luck that this crowd was respectful of where we were and managed to keep calm.” She was separated from her husband early in the afternoon when he went to look for food and was not allowed to return to his original place. They found each other after the ceremony.
“This to me is unacceptable. We should not have been separated in such a large crowd of people,” she wrote.
“In the end, it appeared to us that the ceremony was mainly concerned (with) and driven by television coverage. Crowd control and crowd security was an afterthought. We felt very unsafe during the exit and during the wait for the shuttle bus.”
• A Canadian educational tour company called Education First brought a group of 9,000 visitors, most of them students. It wrote a formal complaint to Minister Kent Hehr: “While the visit was an honour, “sadly, that honour was diminished by extremely disappointing event management by Veterans Affairs Canada.”
It said that “provisions for safety, basic human needs and crowd control were dangerously inadequate,” and “some of our participants were injured departing the site.”
It added there was a real danger of trampling and there were two-hour waits for toilets.
Provisions for safety, basic human needs and crowd control were dangerously inadequate
During a full year of trying to contact Veterans Affairs before the event, the letter says, “we … were repeatedly met with no response or with empty assurances that all would become clear at a later date.” The company asks the minister for an apology and says it will abandon plans to participate in Juno 75 celebrations (in 2019) unless there is “a full review of VAC's dysfunctional planning” so that the company feels safer about the next event.
A spokesman for the tour company said Friday that the injuries were somewhere “in the tens” and several involved heat stroke, while others occurred during the mass exit. As for the apology, he said the company was “satisfied with what we've heard back from VAC at this point. Clearly there are more conversations to be had. But VAC has expressed regret about the concerns we raised and has committed to working with us to improve moving forward.” (Juno 75 discussions are on again.)
• “Talk about a mosh pit and Woodstock combined,” another letter said.
• This was another visitor's entire email: “Wow, you knew how many people would have to be in the area south of the memorial and you could not get the sound right? Really sad that a large portion of the crowd, who travelled here at their own expense, could not hear or hardly see anything. Really, really sad. My tax dollars at work.”
• Another visitor: “Good service. But the exit was a TOTAL disaster. It took three hours just to leave the grounds. No organization, no one in charge and no communication to the crowd. Canada Veterans Affairs (sic) who planned the event were a disgrace to all of Canada. Everyone I talked to when leaving said the same thing. Not a happy camper.”
And the visitors weren't the only ones upset. Comments from 16 Canadian students working as Vimy guides showed they were all frustrated by the confusion as they tried to help visitors without help from Veterans Affairs. And they said plans were still not finalized by the day of the actual event. Again their names were deleted.
“The Overseas Events Team did an appalling job,” one wrote. “THOUSANDS of Canadians and others were let down by the sheer incompetence of the planning committee.” The temporary security staff were “about as useful as a bag of hammers” and many of them abandoned their posts, the guide added.
“As someone without a radio, I was truly stranded with the guests and had no way to help them,” one wrote.
“We were left responsible for thousands of people without support,” another said. “Being the only identifiable employees became almost dangerous as people yelled at us and threatened us.”
One guide said they were told afterward to stay positive, which made the guides feel their experience didn't matter. A saying later developed among the staff: “We don't talk about April 9th.”
Bathrooms were key, the guides all agreed. One wrote: “You cannot prepare this type of event and not prepare for the necessities.”
tspears@postmedia.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration's drive to wean poor people from government benefits by making them work has been slowed by a federal judge framing a fundamental question: Are poverty programs meant to show tough love or to help the needy?
U.S. District Judge James E. Boasberg in Washington last week halted Kentucky's first-in-the-nation experiment with Medicaid work requirements, ruling that the Trump administration glossed over potential coverage losses. He sent the state's plan back to federal authorities for a harder look.
The debate goes well beyond Medicaid, the federal-state health program for low-income and disabled people.
This spring, President Donald Trump signed an executive order directing cabinet agencies to add or strengthen work requirements for programs including subsidized housing, food stamps and cash welfare. The government's biggest assistance program for low-income people — the Earned Income Tax Credit — is already designed to supplement earnings from work.
Boasberg found that “medical assistance” is by law a “central objective” of Medicaid. While work requirements might be allowable if that's what a state wants, “there may be limits to how much (coverage) loss is too much,” he wrote.
Kentucky's Republican Gov. Matt Bevin wanted to impose work requirements on some 428,000 state residents who got Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act's expansion. Optional for states, the expansion passed under former President Barack Obama covers about 12 million people nationally, mainly adults.
Kentucky expanded Medicaid under a Democratic governor. Bevin argues that the cost is unsustainable for his state, even with Washington paying at least 90 per cent of the bill, because many more people signed up than initially expected. The state estimated that work requirements would save money, reducing the Medicaid rolls by about 95,000 people over five years.
That number got the judge's attention.
Boasberg ruled that the federal Health and Human Services department didn't dig deeply enough into the potential coverage losses. The department “paid no attention to that deprivation,” he wrote, and “this oversight is glaring,” amounting to rubber-stamping the state's request.
Although state and federal officials contend that many people leaving Medicaid would find private coverage, Boasberg said there was no hard analysis, no “bottom-line estimate.”
The ruling seemed to catch the Trump administration unprepared.
Seema Verma, head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, called it “disappointing.” The administration may appeal, or it may re-run its evaluation of the Kentucky plan to meet the judge's concerns. Medicaid work requirements in a few other states are unaffected.
However, the ruling may make it much harder to approve work requirements in states that have not expanded Medicaid. In such states, Medicaid recipients would face a high risk of losing health care because even paltry earnings could make them ineligible for continued coverage.
Verma said the administration won't be deterred from nudging the poor to go to work.
“We will continue to support innovative, state-driven policies that are designed to advance the objectives of the Medicaid program by improving health outcomes for thousands of low-income Americans,” she said in a statement. Work improves health, the administration argues.
The nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation estimates that about 60 per cent of adults with Medicaid are already working, and among those not working, most either have health problems, are taking care of home or family or are students.
Advocates for low-income people say they feel like a corner has been turned, even if the issue is far from settled.
“What's particularly significant is that the judge basically said you have to look at the purpose of Medicaid, which is to provide coverage,” said Judy Solomon of the non-profit Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. Work requirements “were outside the core objectives of the Medicaid program, and he basically said you can't ignore the core objectives.”
Others point out that the judge stopped short of deciding the merits of the case, focusing instead on problems with the process that HHS followed in approving Kentucky's request.
Matt Salo, executive director of the nonpartisan National Association of Medicaid Directors, said work requirements may serve the purposes of Medicaid in some states, particularly if that helps convince conservative lawmakers to expand coverage to more uninsured people.
“There's a broader issue at play here about maintaining political support and the sustainability of the program,” said Salo. “Does the inability to do a work requirement lead to a scenario where Kentucky is going to get rid of the entire expansion?”
So far that hasn't happened, but Bevin did cut Medicaid dental and vision coverage in response to the judge's ruling.
The case is Stewart vs. Azar.
TORONTO — Relatives of murdered seniors, along with advocacy and health-care groups, are among four dozen applicants seeking to participate in a public inquiry sparked by a nurse who killed eight elderly long-term-care residents in Ontario.
Commissioner Eileen Gillese will hear their requests for standing — a status that gives them the right to call and question witnesses — in St. Thomas, Ont., on Tuesday and Wednesday.
The Ontario government set up the Long-Term Care Homes Public Inquiry in August after Elizabeth Wettlaufer was convicted of eight counts of first degree-murder, four counts of attempted murder and two counts of aggravated assault. Wettlaufer had pleaded guilty in June and was sentenced to life in prison with no eligibility for parole for 25 years.
The 50-year-old injected her victims with insulin while they were in her care at three Ontario long-term care facilities and a private home between 2007 and 2016.
Alex Van Kralingen, a Toronto-based lawyer, who represents the “affected parties” group — five relatives or close friends of Wettlaufer's victims — said his clients are obviously looking for answers as to how Wettlaufer got away with what she did for so long. But there's much more, he said.
“Ultimately, the hope is that this is going to be a springboard into a conversation about how we treat long-term care in this province,” Van Kralingen said in an interview Monday.
“It can be an opportunity to be transformational … and could be the jump-start for political actors to start making changes to make sure that vulnerable seniors, who have given a lot to this country, are not placed in a situation where they should be scared about the quality of the care they get and the people who are taking care of them.”
Some of the families, Van Kralingen said, also wonder about tightening access to potentially lethal drugs such as insulin that can be used to hide an intent to harm.
In addition to submitted written materials, applicants will have a few minutes to explain why they believe they should be allowed to participate — either because they have a substantial and direct interest in the proceedings, or because they have information or insights that would help the inquiry.
They will also, if needed, have a chance to make a pitch to have the government fund their participation.
Despite having been fired twice during her career — the first time in 1995 — Wettlaufer managed to retain her licence as a registered nurse. Her crimes only came to light when she confessed to a mental-health professional last fall.
One professional group seeking standing is the College of Nurses of Ontario, which has come under criticism for allowing Wettlaufer to keep working. It's another key issue that needs thorough exploration, Van Kralingen said: “Should a regulator be involved and figure out the circumstances in which somebody was fired? Where's the regulator's role?”
Other applicants for standing are the Ontario Nurses Association and the Registered Nurses Association of Ontario — groups critical of what they see as stingy government funding and staffing requirements in long-term-care facilities. Provincial Long-Term Care Minister Eric Hoskins has already introduced legislation aimed at tightening oversight of the sector.
According to court records, Wettlaufer was an addict who found coping with elderly patients difficult and caring for 32 residents overnight at Caressant Care in Woodstock, Ont., overwhelming. She confessed to police that she would feel a “red surge” that made her think God was directing her murderous actions.
Caressant Care, where most of Wettlaufer's killings occurred, and Meadow Park in London, Ont., where one of the deaths took place, are seeking to participate in the inquiry, as are activist groups such as the Advocacy Centre for the Elderly.
The inquiry's mandate calls on Gillese — a justice of the Ontario Court of Appeal — to delve into the events that led to Wettlaufer's crimes, along with the circumstances and contributing factors that allowed the crimes to occur. Those include looking at policies, procedures, practices, accountability and oversight mechanisms.
Gillese is expected to announce her decision on standing in mid-January and begin hearing from witnesses in June. She is slated to issue her report on her findings and recommendations aimed at avoiding a recurrence on July 31, 2019.
When most people start their own business they can only dream of achieving a £1m turnover within their first two years of trading.
But that is exactly what Stacey Dennis has done.
When she was made redundant two years ago, the Castleford-based entrepreneur quickly dusted herself off and started her own firm from scratch, designing and making greeting cards.
Working initially from her kitchen table, her combined approach of hard work and a wicked sense of humour has seen her Love Layla Designs attract an international customer base and interest from some of the UK's largest card retailers.
Named after her little girl, her birthday and anniversary cards business is now set to turnover £1m this year and has more than 500 designs in its portfolio. Today Love Layla Designs employs seven people and has recently opened its first franchise in Australia.
Ms Dennis said: “I named the business after my daughter, who turned three in December. We launched in February 2015, when we had £30 left in the bank account. I was determined to build a business that could secure her future. As a designer, I knew I had the tools to start a card business, but I didn't anticipate how far we would go and in just two years.”
By Hugh Segal, Maureen Silcoff and Karen Chen
Canadian immigration policy and Canadian sovereignty have a shared purpose, and that purpose has a front door.
Growing the size of our population, across the second largest land mass in the world, has always been a priority. Economic prosperity, national security, development and opportunity require a growing population. Trading and, when necessary, competing with our southern neighbour, and the rest of the world, with a population smaller than California's is difficult.
The front door for that policy has and will always include our formal border crossings, and will include refugee claims.
Processing refugee claims through the front door concurs with our international duties under the 1951 Refugee Convention, when, following the Second World War, we committed to do our part and accept refugee claimants, and not treat them as illegal while their cases are being processed.
The number of refugee claimants who cross our southern border irregularly rose dramatically after President Donald Trump took office — some 9,481 so far this year.
Many have taken the unsanctioned path of Roxham Road, the street between Champlain, N.Y., and Saint-Bernard-de-Lacolle, Que., thus avoiding official ports of entry. They do this because the U.S.-Canada Safe Third Country Agreement (STCA) requires refugee claimants to seek protection in the first “safe” country they enter, with narrow exceptions. The agreement applies only at official ports of entry, so by entering somewhere other than the front door, they can access Canada's refugee system.
Critics say irregular arrivals have the effect of bringing the administration of our borders into disrepute. People have questioned how we can allow such crossings under the rule of law, for it questions the notion of “order” found in the “peace, order and good government” clause of our constitution.
Once we relegate people to irregular means of arrival, which the STCA has done, we risk seeing them as an undesirable element that bypasses the front door. We speak of them in numbers, using words like surge and flood. We respond by bemoaning our lack of capacity, assuming ill intentions, accusing them of cutting the queue and breaking the rules.
There is a solution.
The STCA was Canada's idea. Bordered by the Arctic, two oceans and the United States, Canada sought to further limit the number of refugees able to claim protection here.
That makes sense, if you believe that limiting the number of refugees is a benefit to Canada. While the selection of immigrants and the determination of refugee status are subject to different criteria, overall, the country needs more people.
Most of Canada, well beneath the more climactically difficult extreme parts north, is empty. We have room for new cities, expanding communities in every province. Bangladesh received the same number of asylum-seekers in one day as the total number who entered Canada last year.
Bangladesh received the same number of asylum-seekers in one day as the total number who entered Canada last year
Moreover, whatever our views on America's present immigration policy, the STCA no longer serves the purposes of Canada's overall immigration policy. Canada needs population growth at a much faster rate. From Diefenbaker in the 1950s, through the Pearson, Trudeau, Mulroney, Chrétien, Martin, Harper and Trudeau governments, Ottawa has raised the annual immigration levels, not enough, but consistently under both Liberal and Conservative governments.
A distinguished group of Canadians launched an organization in 2016 called the “Century Initiative” aimed at growing our population to one hundred million by the next century. Experts in investment, finance, economics and planning argued this number was essential to building prosperity and opportunity. Barring an increase in the birth rate, immigration policy is key to accomplishing this goal. Our economic capacity to compete with our American allies, and not be intimidated by capricious, illegal and unjustified tariffs, would be enhanced by a population 300 per cent larger.
Canada has a tradition of responding to groups of people who require protection. Since the 1950s, Canada has responded with an open heart and an open front door to waves of Hungarian, Vietnamese, Syrian and other refugees. Each inflow has made us economically and socially stronger.
Our need for growth and our humanitarian commitment have led to a coherent policy championed by parties of all political stripes. As Barbara McDougall, a former Immigration and foreign minister in the Mulroney cabinet, once said when confronted by an unexpected landing of Tamil asylum seekers on the East Coast, “we don't turn back boats filled with people.”
Canada has a tradition of responding to groups of people who require protection
Opening the front door has another benefit. It removes the stigma and spectacle of families pushing strollers and pulling suitcases down Roxham Road; it removes the risk of people losing fingers, toes and even their lives to cross clandestinely in harsh weather; and it removes the pressure on Quebec.
We should return to our long-held immigration, growth and humanitarian principles, for they remain intertwined. Suspend the STCA and open the front door.
— Hugh Segal is a Distinguished Fellow at the Munk School of Global Affairs, University of Toronto and Principal of Massey College. He served in the Canadian Senate as a Conservative from Ontario. Maureen Silcoff is an immigration and refugee lawyer and former member of the Immigration and Refugee Board. Karen Chen is a law student at the University of Toronto, a former journalist and one of the organizers of the #ToyPileofShame protests calling for an end to the STCA.
OTTAWA — Days after it was unveiled, the space for the dedication plaque at the National Holocaust Monument is empty, marked only by boltholes.
The plaque's now in for a rewrite, after failing to mention Jews or the Jewish people, the prime targets of the Second World War genocide.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau dedicated the monument last week and complaints about the original plaque were quick to come.
Martin Sampson, of the Centre for Israel and Jewish Affairs, says the wording was noticed immediately and the government acknowledged the error.
Conservative MP David Sweet also raised the matter in question period this week, asking about what he called a “profoundly obvious omission.”
Heritage Minister Melanie Joly says the plaque will be replaced.
“The government is committed to building a more inclusive society and the National Holocaust Monument commemorates the six million Jews, as well as the five million other victims, who were murdered during the Holocaust,” she said in the Commons.
“It stands as a reminder of the dangers of hatred, racism, and intolerance, while affirming respect for human rights, dignity, and resilience.”
“The plaque has been removed and will be replaced with language that reflects the horrors experienced by the Jewish people.”
Sampson said he feels the wording was just an oversight, with no malice involved.
“It is important to note that Jews and the Jewish experience during the Holocaust are mentioned extensively on other panels on the interior of the monument,” he said.
The memorial, entitled Landscape of Loss, Memory and Survival, lies just across the street from the National War Museum and within sight of the Peace Tower.
It is a collection of stark concrete triangles laid out to form the points of a stretched Star of David.
The monument came into being after the Commons in 2011 unanimously passed a private member's bill tabled by then-Conservative MP Tim Uppal.
A National Holocaust Monument development council began to raise $4.5 million in private donations for the memorial.
The federal government contributed about $4 million.
Business News of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: asempanews.com
File photo of Tema Port
APM Terminal which is part of the Maersk Group and operates a container terminal in the Tema Port is in deep conflict with its employees over prolonged negotiations on salary review for 2016 and bonus.
After many rounds of negotiations, at the close of 2016, the management of APM Terminal and the Maritime and Dockworkers' Union (MDU) had not been able to conclude negotiations of 2016 salary review and bonus for 2016.
Information from grapevine sources indicate that the management of APM Terminal and the Maritime and Dockworkers' Union which represents about 41 operational employees of APM Terminal started salary review negotiations for 2016 on 18th May 2016 with the union's initial proposal of 40% and management's proposal of 10% .
After some meetings, management increased its position to 15% which it described as a final offer with the reason that its business in Ghana had reduced drastically whilst the union reduced its position to 27.5%.
Since 23rd July 2016, management and the union had not made a headway in the negotiations which compelled the MDU to make an initial complaint to the National Labour Commission (NLC) but the parties declared a deadlock in a meeting on the 23rd November 2016 and agreed to refer the case to the NLC.
The MDU reduced its position to 17 % for the salary review of 2016 and 17% of annual salaries of employees as bonus for 2016 whilst management maintained its stand of paying 15% for the salary review and 15% of annual salary as bonus to the unionised employees. The many rounds of negotiations which did not yield any change in management's position of 15% for the 2016 salary review and the bonus 15% for 2016 bonus up to the end of the year created a lot of frustration for the workers.
The prolonged negotiations on salary review and the inability to conclude negotiations on bonus led to workers embarking on industrial action for about 4 hours on 28th December 2016, a day ahead of a mediation meeting on 29th December 2016.
Workers who spoke to this reporter vented their anger on the management of APM Terminal for maintaining the same position of 15% in the salary review for a long time and transferred the 15% into the annual bonus. When asked about why they could not be patient to go through the mediation process, an angry worker replied, “ How can we be patient when the 2016 salary review and bonus had not been determined as at 27th December 2016.
Management staff who earn big salaries had taken 15% of annual salaries as bonus and want to force those of us who earn salaries that are equivalent to $300 to $ 400 per month to take the same 15% of annual salaries but we do all the donkey work”.
Majority of the workers complained that though the management of the company complain about a reduction of the business, the company has bought expensive brand-new cars for some management staff especially the Human Resource Manager Mr Obed Owusu Asare and the Operations Manager Mr Graham.
“How can a company which claims to have drastic reduction of business continue to increase its overhead cost but request the ordinary workers to make sacrifices. The gap between the remuneration of the management staff and the workers is too wide and simply unfair”.
According to the workers, the amount involved in the 2% difference in the salary review which has become a source of conflict is very small. “The total amount of the 2% difference in the management's proposal and that of the union for all the 41 workers per month is about $ 400 per month which is less than the weekly allowance of one management staff. Management want to protect its comfort of fat salaries, quarterly bonuses, weekly allowances, expensive cars at the expense of ordinary workers even at a time when they claim the company is in financial crises.
“When we speak out against such unfair treatment, the management of APM Terminal threatens us with dismissals”, an angry worker said.
The management of APM Terminal has issued interdiction letters signed by the Human Resource and Administration Manager Mr Obed Owusu Asare to about 21 workers including the local union executives for participating in illegal industrial action setting the stage for investigations which could lead to the dismissals of all the employees who participated in the industrial action.
Some of the Port workers of Tema indicated that their concern about the attitude of management of APM Terminal towards the workers which create tension and conflicts during salary and bonus negotiations most of the time. “We are all monitoring the situation at APM Terminal and would not hesitate to support our brothers at APM Terminal”, an angry worker of a Shipping company said.
When this reporter contacted the General Secretary of the Maritime and Dockworkers' Union, Mr Daniel Owusu-Koranteng, he described management's actions as unfortunate and not meant to address the issues that form the basis of the conflict.
According to him, management of the company has resorted to reprisals and intimidation to bully the workers into acquiescence. He said that the underlying problem is not the reduction of business but the level of income disparities between the management staff and the ordinary workers which had resulted in unequal distribution of wealth among the different sections of employees.
“The workers have made tremendous sacrifice to contribute to the high profits of the company and deserve to be treated with dignity and respect. We won't keep quiet on such injustice no matter the intimidating strategies adopted by management”, he said.
APM Terminal is one of the world's largest port and terminal operators as well as providing cargo support and container inland services. APM Terminals had been hit by strike actions of its employees in Europe especially in Gothenburg in 2016 and in 2015, employees of APM Terminal in Peru's Port of Callao hub went on an indefinite strike to demand fair and equitable working conditions.
APM Terminal is part of the investment of $ 1.5 billion in the port expansion project at the Tema port.
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
You're probably familiar with those sweeping, romantic shots of the pyramids of Giza. In photos, movies and textbooks, there's sand as far as the eye can see — and maybe a figure in the distance obscured by haze. It must surely take a train or a bus to get there. At least a camel ride.
Well, for those who have never visited the Pharaonic structures or thought about what may surround them, this might come as a surprise: The pyramids are flanked on three sides by the roads and neighborhoods of Giza, a major city with a population in the millions.
The same goes for the Great Sphinx. A mere quarter-mile or so away sits a Pizza Hut with expansive views of the historic site.
MELBOURNE, Australia — The Catholic Church's move to join an Australian government redress plan paves the way for compensation to flow to people who were sexually abused as children by church figures and puts pressure on other institutions to follow suit.
Australia's Catholic bishops and leaders of its religious orders on Wednesday committed to signing on to the 3.8 billion Australian dollar ($2.9 billion) national plan.
The church is the first non-government institution to opt into the plan and estimates it will itself be liable for about AU$1 billion ($757 million) in compensation.
Federal Social Services Minister Dan Tehan expects more institutions to follow, saying there could be further announcements as early as Thursday.
Archbishop of Adelaide Philip Wilson last week became the most senior Catholic cleric in the world to be convicted of covering up child sex abuse. He faces a potential two-year prison term when he appears in an Australian court in June for sentencing for protecting a pedophile priest in the 1970s.
Pope Francis' former finance minister, Cardinal George Pell, faces trial on sexual assault charges in Australia. The exact details and nature of the charges have not been disclosed to the public, though police have described them as “historical” sexual assaults, meaning they are alleged to have occurred decades ago.
Catholic leaders have long backed a national redress plan but the churches, charities and other non-government institutions needed the state and territory governments to sign on before they could opt in.
Western Australia is the final state to join, although state Attorney-General John Quigley said the negotiations with the federal government could be finalized within two months.
The Australian Catholic Bishops Conference and Catholic Religious Australia on Wednesday confirmed the church will enter the plan when it becomes law.
Tehan said the plan was on track to begin on July 1 if legislation passes the Senate.
Sydney Archbishop Anthony Fisher said the church expected to be paying out survivors for “many years to come.”
The plan will cover about 60,000 institutional child sexual abuse survivors nationally, with compensation payments capped at AU$150,000 ($113,000).
Smaller compensation payments previously made to abuse victims will be deducted from new payments.
The plan was recommended by Australia's Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse, which made its final report in December.
Australia's longest-running royal commission — which is the country's highest form of inquiry — had been investigating since 2012 how the Catholic Church and other institutions responded to sexual abuse of children in Australia over 90 years.
The inquiry heard the testimonies of more than 8,000 survivors of child sex abuse. Of those who were abused in religious institution, 62 per cent were Catholics.
Belle and Sebastian have announced something called “The Boaty Weekender,” which is apparently a cruise filled with four days of personally curated bands and activities across the Mediterranean. Taking place August 8-12 of 2019, the cruise parallels the band's land-based festival, The Bowlie Weekender, and according to their website will have “yoga and cocktails and club nights and themed balls and crèches and quizzes and scrabble tournaments–and gigs. Gigs upon gigs from some of our good friends and favourite acts in rock ‘n' roll on five stages throughout the ship.”
The news comes after last year's survey where they hinted at the idea and had fans fill out a survey asking them who they want to see and where they would want to go. They will also perform the entirety of their 2000 LP, Fold Your Hands Child, You Walk Like a Peasant, to the first 350 people to book a stateroom–an album never before performed in full. Watch the announcement video for the cruise below.
NEW YORK — Chickens clucking the doleful “Walking Dead” theme offer up an early hint that what's ahead will be offbeat and funny.
“The Robot Chicken Walking Dead Special: Look Who's Walking” (which airs Sunday at midnight Eastern time on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim) teams “Robot Chicken” masterminds Seth Green and Matthew Senreich with “The Walking Dead” creator Robert Kirkman and showrunner Scott M. Gimple along with “Walking Dead” stars voicing action-figure versions of their characters that, in classic “Robot Chicken” fashion, spoof the AMC zombie thriller.
“It's a massive collaboration by AMC and (Adult Swim parent) Turner that typically isn't possible,” Green said during a conversation alongside Senreich earlier this week. “It's awesome they let us do it.”
Writing for the half-hour special began a year ago. First step: Charting out key “Walking Dead” plot twists, season by season.
“We put all that on a board,” Green said. “Then we thought, ‘OK, what are significant visual elements you can reference in a humorous way?”‘
“Our writers are all diehard fanatics of the show,” Senreich said. “But our comic sense is to take the moment right before or right after a horrific scene, and find the silliness in how awkward or mundane that moment can be.
“Then, when we saw how all those little pieces were coming together, we needed a framework.”
Green: “I walked out of the writers room for less than five minutes and when I walked back in they go, ‘We've got it!' The idea was: a retrospective look at everything the ‘Walking Dead' characters had been through. It's set well into the future, after the walker apocalypse has been cured, and we're reflecting on the mythology about that era, with some of the mythology pretty garbled.”
Senreich: “Then we got to play with all the actors from the show!”
Green: “I don't know that this has ever been done, where you have the entire cast of an ongoing successful drama series playing a comedic version of their characters in a parody of that show.”
Carl, the eyepatch-wearing teenage son of series hero Rick Grimes but now an old man, serves as a narrator of sorts, with Chandler Riggs, who plays Carl, also voicing him in that elderly state.
Andrew Lincoln, who plays Rick, recorded his lines over a Skype hookup.
Senreich: “You saw the joy he had in doing this: He would do a take and then say, ‘Hold on,' and he'd give us another version, and then go, ‘I've got another idea, hold on!”‘
Michael Rooker, who played the racist roughneck Merle, reveals a lovely singing voice as Merle, chained to a rooftop, serenading a zombie lass.
And the villainous Negan (played by Jeffrey Dean Morgan) is on hand, barbed-wire bat in hand, as his action-figure Doppelganger, performing a song-and-dance number.
Green: “Everybody realized that we weren't making fun of the show, that we weren't trying to take away any of the audience's experience of the sincere, frightening original show. We just wanted to do a companion piece that has fun in that world.”
Senreich: “What we're doing comes from a place of love. We are fanboys!”
While this program is a one-off, “Robot Chicken” will be back with a Christmas special on December 10, kicking off a ninth season of weekly episodes.
Senreich: “It's the first chance we've been able to do anything on (‘Star Wars' films) ‘The Force Awakens' and ‘Rogue One,' which inspired what might be my favourite sketch of multiple seasons.”
Green (cracking up): “Are you talking about the mice?”
Senreich: “I've seen it maybe 200 times, and it still makes me giggle. It's those little moments that make this all worthwhile.”
The series premiered in 2005 as a joint venture of the multi-faceted Green (a producer-director-writer and actor who landed his first film role at age 10 in “The Hotel New Hampshire,” and voices slothful teen son Chris on the Fox cartoon series “Family Guy”) and Senreich (a kindred spirit who had been editorial director of Wizard, a magazine devoted to comics and pop culture).
Senreich defines “Robot Chicken” as “sketch comedy with toys, as ‘SNL' with action figures.”
“Thanks to stop-motion animation, our toys come to life,” Green notes.
“One of my favourite things about stop-motion,” he goes on, “is how well it tricks the brain. If you've got an animator who can bring life to something inanimate, the audience not only sees the real shadows and the real lighting, but believes the illusion that this thing that's not alive IS alive.
“And when you're photographing a toy, you're seeing it with the life you imagined it to have as a kid. That's very powerful.
“And by the time you get the joke” — Green snaps his fingers — “it's twice as effective.”
——
Online: http://www.adultswim.com
——
EDITOR'S NOTE — Frazier Moore is a national television columnist for The Associated Press. He can be reached at fmoore@ap.org
MIDDLEPORT — Green thumbs were fostered over the weekend when the Riverbend Arts Council of Middleport hosted the Art of Gardening.
Following a brunch of coffee, tea, fruit, and homemade pastries by Rick Werner and Jessica Chapman, Vern Hoover of the Rio Tomato, informed the crowd while speaking on the proper care of hanging baskets and container gardening. He emphasized the importance of proper pH for maintaining plants such as petunias and geraniums. He stated that it is important to check the pH of water and if is not suitable, it can be corrected with particular plant foods and fertilizers. He also demonstrated and discussed the pruning of flowers, which will regrow and rebloom in approximately 2-3 weeks after the pruning.
Kevin Fletcher, Meigs/OSU Extension Agent, spoke next on composting and the proper ways to compost, along with what is best to add to the compost versus what should not be added.
Chris Blank, Jim Blevins, and Glenn Roberts spoke on beekeeping. The three gentlemen have different methods of beekeeping, however, all are reportedly successful. They discussed bee swarms, their different habitats, production of different types and colors of honey, and the different tools that are used to process the honey. It was also noted that other bees do aid in pollination but honey bees are the main contributors.
Laura Grueser, a Community Health Educator from the Meigs County Health Department, was the last speaker for the day. She spoke on diabetes and the best diet and exercise to improve risks and blood work numbers.
Lunch was prepared by Werner; a plant exchange was held outside, crafts were demonstrated by Bobbi Owen, vendors were present displaying their “garden” merchandise, and various donations, many “garden” related, were awarded by the end of the day at the Chinese Auction. This event was held in conjunction with Earth Day, 2018, which was April 22.
Bobbi Owen demonstrates a craft. http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/04/web1_4.25-Art-1201842410462476.jpg Bobbi Owen demonstrates a craft. The spring plant exchange was held during the event. http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/04/web1_4.25-Art-22018424104625432.jpg The spring plant exchange was held during the event. Vern Hoover of the Rio Tomato speaks on pruning petunias. http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/04/web1_4.25-Art-3201842410462764.jpg Vern Hoover of the Rio Tomato speaks on pruning petunias. Glenn Roberts, Jim Blevins, and Chris Blank discuss beekeeping. http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/04/web1_4.25-Art-42018424104628416.jpg Glenn Roberts, Jim Blevins, and Chris Blank discuss beekeeping.
Guest View— Gators on North Carolina's hunting list
The N.C. Wildlife Resources Commission is considering allowing alligator hunting in Southeastern North Carolina for the first time since 1973.
We don't know why.
In 2015-16, the commission rejected a proposal to allow hunters to bag one alligator apiece during September. The commission could revisit the idea and create a gator-hunting season in its 2017-18 rulemaking process.
In an interview in Monday's StarNews, Allen Boynton, the commission's wildlife diversity program coordinator, didn't say why the state would change its policy to allow hunting from Brunswick to Carteret counties. But some of what he told us indicates it might not be a good idea.
It's hard to establish a hunting season for the ancient reptiles, Adam Wagner's story said, “because of the scarceness of alligators throughout much of the state and how long they take to produce offspring.”
“If we were to allow hunting like we do with some other species,” Boynton told the StarNews, “our margin of error is not as great because of the very slow reproduction.”
The Wildlife Resources Commission asked the public in April to upload photos of alligators in the state to iNaturalist.org. There's even a smartphone app for that.
The commission launched the “NC Alligators” project to learn more about the distribution of alligators, saying it wanted to understand how alligators respond to habitat changes such as saltwater intrusion and the like, and to reduce “negative interactions between people and alligators.”
Boynton said the commission wants to hear what residents say about the alligator populations in their areas and how quickly they reproduce.
Alligators can move incredibly fast when provoked or hunting. But mostly they seem to spend their days imitating logs.
We're not sure how much “thrill of the hunt” there is in sneaking up on a gator dozing in the shallows and shooting it.
We're not opposed to hunting in general, and we are aware that hunters are among the state's most ardent conservationists. But we like our alligators, too.
We are sympathetic to pet owners and adventurous golfers to whom alligators may pose a threat. But gator attacks don't exactly dominate the news.
Unless the commission can lay out solid reasons to allow alligator hunting, we'd shy away from the proposal.
— from the StarNews of Wilmington.
TULSA, Okla. — A Delta Air Lines flight from Portland, Oregon, to Atlanta was diverted to Tulsa, Oklahoma, because of an onboard disturbance involving a passenger.
Tulsa International Airport spokeswoman Alexis Higgins says Delta flight 1156 landed about 11:30 a.m. and the passenger was removed to be questioned by the FBI.
Higgins said she did not know the nature of the disturbance and a Delta spokesman did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment.
Higgins said the aircraft was refuelling shortly after 1:15 p.m. and would resume the flight to Atlanta.
N-Delta group blasts Amaechi, Oshiomhole over attacks on Jonathan
By Emma Ujah, Abuja Bureau Chief
Save Ijaw Nation Group, SING, yesterday, took on the Minister of Transportation, Mr. Chibuike Amaechi and former Edo State governor, Mr Adams Oshiomhole, over their attacks on former President Goodluck Jonathan, describing them as betrayers.
Amaechi and Oshiomhole were reported to have spoken against Jonathan at separate events on Tuesday.
While the former Edo State governor had queried Jonathan's capacity as President, Amaechi had claimed that Nigeria was heading towards a civil war during the 2015 elections.
However, replying the two politicians in a statement, yesterday, SING accused Amaechi of being one of those threatening war while Jonathan was preaching peace, in the run up to the 2015 general elections.
Co-ordinator of the group, Mr. Otobo Osborne also reminded Oshiomhole that he had before now always praised Jonathan for his statesmanship but has turned against the ex-President because he (Oshiomhole) was out of job and needed one.
He said: “Amaechi, the man who threatened that his party would form a parallel government if it did not win the 2015 election now accuses former President Jonathan who said ‘my ambition is not worth the blood of any Nigerian,' of leading Nigeria to a civil war. If this is not delusional thinking then it is hard to imagine what is.
“Never since the civil war has Nigeria been as divided as it is today with different regions of the nation giving quit notices to each other. A prudent person would in such circumstances tailor his speech to build unity, but not Amaechi.”
“Sadly, what we are experiencing today is the culmination of the threats made during the course of the general 2015 elections by persons like Amaechi.
“President Jonathan has demonstrated statesmanship. I think there is hope for Nigeria. What the Edo election has confirmed is that when the President and Commander-in-Chief puts the country first and conducts himself as a statesman, not just as a party leader, credible elections are possible.
“Of course, it is not surprising that Oshiomhole would change his tone today especially when he is out of a job and is desperate to curry favour with the hope of getting a new job but we wish to remind him that under Jonathan, elections were free and fair as he said and there was no ‘inconclusive elections.
“In a democratic setting, the most basic requirement of any leader is that he provides the platform for democracy and the economy to thrive. On both scores, no one can fault Jonathan. We are however, not surprised at the utterances of these two characters because they have proven to be double-faced liars and serial betrayers.”
The post N-Delta group blasts Amaechi, Oshiomhole over attacks on Jonathan appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Scientists have identified nearly 100 previously unknown volcanoes in West Antarctica, which, in addition to the 47 already known to exist in the region, makes it one of the largest concentration of volcanoes in the world.
New research released in a special Geological Society publication series identifies 91 new volcanoes in a region known as the West Antarctic Rift System, a 2,200-mile-long (3,500 km) area that extends from Antarctica's Ross Ice Shelf to the Antarctic Peninsula. All of these volcanoes are buried beneath the Antarctic ice sheet, some as deep as two miles. They range in size from 325 to 12,600 feet (100-3,850 metres), the largest being as tall as the Eiger in Switzerland.
The scientists who conducted the study, Max Van Wyk de Vries and Robert Bingham from the School of GeoSciences at the University of Edinburgh, say this concentration is bigger than East Africa's volcanic ridge, which would make it the densest concentration of volcanoes in the world—though some geologists say this claim is grossly overstated (more on this in just a bit). It's not known how many, if any, of the newly-discovered volcanoes are active, but scientists are voicing concerns that an eruption could exacerbate the effects of climate change on the frozen continent.
Location map of obscured cone-like structures across the West Antarctic Rift System. Circle color represents confidence factor, circle size represents diameter, and circles with black rims represent prior discoveries. (Image: M. V. W. de Vries et al., 2017)
Max Van Wyk de Vries, a third-year undergrad, got the ball rolling on this discovery after noticing possible traces of volcanism on publicly-available radar maps of Antarctica. He suggested to the school's geologists that a more rigorous survey be conducted to confirm his initial findings, and they agreed. With the help of Bingham, de Vries remotely surveyed the underside of the ice sheet for hidden peaks of basalt rock, similar to those found atop other volcanoes, and where the tips push just slightly above the ice. The shape of the land underneath the thick layers of ice were analysed using measurements from ice-penetrating radar; the researchers were on the hunt for cone-like structures extending into the ice sheet. These findings were compared with satellite and database records, along with geological information from aerial surveys.
“Antarctica remains among the least studied areas of the globe, and as a young scientist I was excited to learn about something new and not well understood,” said de Vries in a statement. “After examining existing data on West Antarctica, I began discovering traces of volcanism. Naturally I looked into it further, which led to this discovery of almost 100 volcanoes under the ice sheet.”
Indeed, the discovery of so many previously-unknown volcanoes changes our conception of Antarctica as a volcanic region, both in the past, present, and future. Further research will help geologists better understand how volcanoes might influence changes in ice sheets over long timespans, while also improving our understanding of the continent's climatic past.
Unfortunately, the new results don't indicate which of these volcanoes might be active, or have the potential to erupt, but this new study should inspire further research and seismic monitoring in the area. The researchers say it's imperative that we figure this out as quickly as possible. Should one or more of these volcanoes erupt, it could further destabilise West Antarctica's ice sheets (which are already being affected by human-instigated global warming) and speed up the flow of meltwater into the ocean. Back in 2013, researchers from Washington University detected at least one active, ice-covered volcano in Antarctica (also only the West Antarctic Ice Sheet), so it's reasonable to assume others may be active as well.
Scientists aren't entirely sure what happens when under-ice volcanoes erupt, but these events could cause underground magma and fluids to force open new paths and fracture rock, according to the Washington University researchers. A serious eruption could melt the bottom of the ice sheet immediately above the volcano's vent, but we really have no idea what would happen after that.
“This is a major step forward in understanding solid Earth processes beneath the Antarctic ice sheet,” said Mike Coffin, a researcher at the University of Tasmania's Institute for Marine and Antarctic Studies (IMAS), in an interview with Gizmodo. “Combining different data types—magnetic, gravity, and satellite imagery—with a digital elevation model and existing volcano databases has proven extremely fruitful, and the work will sow the seeds for much future research on Antarctica.”
Coffin, who wasn't involved with the new study, says the researchers' approach is admirable, and the results fascinating—but he's taking issue with a central claim made by the authors.
“I'm not particularly enamoured with the hyperbole—‘one of the world's largest volcanic provinces',” he said. “Clearly the global mid-ocean ridge system (and the resulting 50% of the Earth's surface that is ‘pure' oceanic crust) is the world's largest volcanic province, and even segments of the mid-ocean ridge system (e.g., the Mid-Atlantic Ridge) are much larger than this West Antarctic volcanic province. However, we shouldn't inhibit youthful exuberance!”
Coffin says he wouldn't be surprised if some of these newly discovered volcanoes are active, and he'd like to see a similar study done of the entire Antarctic continent. Mount Gaussberg, for example, is a young volcano protruding above the ice in East Antarctica, and Coffin says there may be many more under East Antarctic ice, as well.
Red-hot magma bursting through the Antarctic ice sheet evokes a particularly powerful mental image. Perhaps one of these newly discovered volcanoes will blow within our lifetimes, and we'll actually get a chance to see it. It would be a song of fire and ice, indeed. [The Geological Society]
More Science Posts:
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia — A merry band of about a thousand yellow-clad Sweden fans stayed after the game, singing in a stand behind the goal and ignoring repeated requests from the stadium announcer to make their way out.
Their team had just reached a World Cup quarterfinal for the first time in 24 years, and they were going to enjoy the moment.
The object of their affections was clear.
“It feels quite extraordinary and quite strange,” Sweden coach Janne Andersson said. “The fact that they are staying on after the game, calling out and shouting my name, just makes you want to go out and thank them.”
So he did, emerging back out from the dressing room with captain Andreas Granqvist to applaud the block of supporters who had been the most vocal throughout the 1-0, round-of-16 win over Switzerland on Tuesday.
In 39 years as a player and then a coach, Andersson hasn't worked outside Sweden, and many of his clubs were in the country's lower leagues, like Alets and Laholms.
Bespectacled, thick set and with short, cropped hair, the 55-year-old Andersson has no global profile, although that might be about to change with a quarterfinal against England on Saturday.
Through his insistence on working as a team (or as a “collective,” as he often says), Andersson has changed the national team's philosophy. No more cult of the individual — Zlatan Ibrahimovic ruled the team for more than a decade before retiring from international play in 2016 — but instead an emphasis on the team.
“If I'm the symbol, I can live with that but this is very much about the team, not about me or any other individual,” Andersson said. “Football is a team sport and this team really personifies that approach. We share. We work for each other on and off the pitch. I'm incredibly happy it's paying off. Football is a game played by a team. Never forget that.”
Was that an indirect reference to Ibrahimovic, who often refers to himself as “God” or a “lion?”
Sweden is doing better at this World Cup than it ever did with Ibra.
Andersson's Sweden is hard-working, well-drilled, tough to break down — and dull to watch.
“I would not call you boring,” Switzerland playmaker Xherdan Shaqiri told Swedish reporters after Tuesday's game, “but people at home may not like watching you.”
Sweden has three shutouts in four games despite a possession disadvantage: 29 per cent against Germany, 35 per cent versus Mexico and 37 per cent against Switzerland. Tactics include long passes to 6-foot-4 (1.92 metre) striker Ola Toivonen and throw-ins into the penalty area with the hope of flick-ons.
“We are right on the mark everywhere,” midfielder Albin Ekdal said. “It's incredibly difficult to score against us.”
After the victory against Switzerland, Andersson deflected a question about whether Sweden is starting to think about winning its first World Cup. Its side of the bracket opened with the exits of Germany, Spain, Portugal and Argentina.
“If you start to lower the bar or the level of ambition, that's not going to make for satisfaction,” he said.
——
More AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
——
Steve Douglas is at http://www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
CHARLOTTE, Mich. — A distraught father seething over sexual abuse suffered by three daughters tried to attack former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom after a judge rejected his request to confront the “demon” in a locked room, a stunning rush that reflected the anguish felt by parents who trusted him with their children.
Randall Margraves was blocked by an attorney, tackled by sheriff's deputies and hauled out of court Friday. He later apologized, saying he had lost control. Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was “no way” she would fine him or send him to jail under her contempt-of-court powers.
“I don't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom. I can't imagine that,” the judge said.
Nonetheless, she added, it is “not acceptable that we combat assault with assault.”
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar, who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment. This case focuses on his work at Twistars, an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing.
Nassar, 54, already will spend the rest of his life in prison. He was sentenced last week to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaults at Michigan State University and his home and was ordered in December to spend 60 years in a federal prison for child pornography crimes.
Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting nine victims in Eaton and Ingham counties, but the courts have been open to anyone who says she was assaulted during his decades of work at Michigan State, Twistars and USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians. More than 200 accusers so far have spoken or submitted statements in the two counties, and at least 80 per cent have agreed to be publicly identified.
Margraves' dramatic move occurred after he listened to two of his daughters speak in court for 10 minutes. Lauren Margraves, a college student, said her parents were “filled with regret” because they took three daughters to see Nassar for sports injuries.
“I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they can't,” she told Nassar. “The guilt they have will never go away. All this is because of you.”
Her father then stepped up and asked the judge if she would grant him “five minutes in a locked room with this demon.” Cunningham declined and also turned down his request for “one minute.” That is when Randall Margraves rushed toward Nassar.
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom. Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to “use your words,” not violence.
“This is letting him have this power over us,” she said. “We cannot behave like this.”
During a return to court, Margraves told the judge that he just snapped. He said he had not known what exactly his daughters were going to say about their abuse.
“I look over here and Larry Nassar's shaking his head, no, like it didn't happen. … I'm embarrassed,” Margraves said of his conduct. “I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal.”
About 30 more people spoke in person, by video or had statements read after the incident. The case will end Monday with final remarks from the prosecutor, defence and Nassar, followed by the judge's sentence. Nassar faces a minimum of 25 to 40 years in prison.
At a news conference, Margraves repeated his apology and insisted he's “no hero.”
“My daughters are the heroes, and all the victims and the survivors of this terrible atrocity,” he said.
Melissa Alexander Vigogne, who travelled from France to speak, said she was surprised that an attack had not been attempted earlier.
“It's not that that's how we should respond. But it's truly understandable — the amount of pain that we've all gone through,” Vigogne said outside court.
Sheriff Tom Reich said his officers will investigate what happened in court and send a report to the local prosecutor.
The judge started the day by addressing comments made by a Nassar lawyer who said she had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they were assaulted by Nassar. Cunningham called Shannon Smith's remarks “unfortunate” and said Nassar did not authorize them.
Smith told Detroit radio station WWJ that it is “really unfortunate” if some people stepped forward only because of all the recent attention. Nassar released a statement saying Smith's comments were a distraction and that his accusers' remarks “have pierced my soul.”
Many of Nassar's accusers have blamed Michigan State, USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him. The USOC announced Friday that it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation. And the co-ordinator of the women's national team for USA Gymnastics, Valeri Liukin, said he was stepping down.
——
AP reporter Ed White in Detroit contributed to this story.
Chinese politics in the main is carried out in the shadows, shielded from public scrutiny and producing pre-determined outcomes through a process termed democracy according to socialism with Chinese characteristics.
China's rubber-stamp legislature, the National People's Congress, is no different, with the nearly 3,000 delegates unfailingly voting according to the program handed down to them by the Communist Party leadership.
This year's session saw the approval of constitutional amendments allowing President Xi Jinping to continue in office for an unlimited number of terms and reappointing him as head of state by a margin of 2,970 to none.
More than ever, the rank and file of the one-party authoritarian state appear as faceless cogs and silhouettes in the wheel of governance, devoid of personal views that might clash with the leadership's and content to serve a regime that has delivered relative prosperity and political stability to China for four decades.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
AUDIE CORNISH, HOST:
For the last week, one of the biggest stars in pop music has been in court. A radio DJ sued Taylor Swift, her mother and her manager for falsely accusing him of assault and getting him fired from his job. Swift is countersuing for a dollar, saying the DJ put his hand up her skirt and groped her during a photo op. The case has gotten attention from advocates for survivors of sexual assault who are praising Swift's frank and unapologetic stand - and a language warning for listeners here as we recount some of this testimony.
Leila Fadel is at the court now. She joins us from Denver. And this case started last week, Leila. Remind us what's happened so far.
LEILA FADEL, BYLINE: Well, today is the last day of this case. It began last week. David Mueller, the radio disc jockey here in Denver, is suing Swift, her mother and her manager for radio saying that they got him fired over a false accusation. And Swift, as you mentioned, is countersuing. But she has now been dropped from that case that David Mueller is suing for. And the judge said, quote, "there is insufficient evidence that she acted improperly when she reported an assault that she truly believed happened." But that doesn't mean the case is over.
Today her mother, Andrea Swift, and manager, Frank Bell, are still being sued for about $3 million. And of course there is the countersuit for the $1. And that dollar her lawyer mentioned today in his closing statement, saying, quote, "it's a single, symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation."
CORNISH: I want to talk more about that idea of symbolism because as I said, anti-sexual assault advocates have been praising her testimony. What is it about what she had to say? Why did it resonate?
FADEL: Yeah. She's been getting a lot of praise over her cross-examination. And it got their attention because she was consistent. She was assertive, and she really refused to be shamed, they say, on that stand. And so I'll just give you a few examples of things she said when Mueller's lawyer was questioning her.
So he mentioned that maybe it was an unintentional touch in another place. And she said, he didn't touch my rib. He did not touch my hand. He touched my bare ass. In another instance, Mueller's lawyer asked why she wasn't critical of her bodyguard for not keeping Mueller away from her. And her answer was, I'm critical of your client for sticking his hand under my skirt. So her zingers just kept going.
And in fact, Glamour magazine compiled a list of her, quote, "top ten most powerful statements." And the reason this is seen as so incredible is because women are consistently shamed into keeping quiet. And according to the National Sexual Violence Resource Center, about two-thirds of women never report sexual assaults to the police.
CORNISH: And we should note that in this case of this alleged assault, it also was not reported to police.
FADEL: That's right. If this indeed happened, a 51-year-old man grabbed a 23-year-old young woman's behind in 2013, and it was kept quiet. He was quietly fired. During Swift's mother's testimony, she talked about wanting to vomit and cry at the same time when she found out and how she wanted to keep it quiet to protect her daughter and to stop her from having to relive the assault.
Today, both lawyers made closing statements, Mueller's lawyers saying he did not grope Swift, that he is the victim of a false accusation. And the lawyer asked, why would he do this after introducing himself, saying who he was employed by and taking a picture with her? Meanwhile, Swift's lawyer said that this case is about sending a message that no means no. Rich or poor, women shouldn't be shamed into silence, and aggressors should not be monetarily rewarded. And he said that Swift's story is backed up by several witnesses that testified last week, including her bodyguard and the photographer. The jury has begun deliberations, and we may hear news on the outcome as early as later today.
CORNISH: That's Leila Fadel from Denver. Thanks so much, Leila.
FADEL: Thank you. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Governor Andrew Cuomo has told a news conference on Monday that the device that exploded at the Port Authority was a low-tech device.
He said transportation services were being restored. He called the botched suicide bombing an attack on democracy, saying New York was a target and "we're not going to allow them to disrupt us."
The Latest on Ronny Jackson, President Donald Trump's pick to be secretary of Veterans Affairs (all times local):
5:20 p.m.
President Donald Trump's pick to be Veterans Affairs secretary is giving no indication he will withdraw amid allegations of inappropriate workplace behavior.
Ronny Jackson, Trump's White House doctor, says he was "disappointed" that Wednesday's confirmation hearing had been postponed.
He spoke to reporters before meeting Tuesday afternoon with Republican Sen. Jerry Moran, a member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee.
In video captured by MSNBC, Jackson says he looks forward to "answering everybody's questions" when the hearing is rescheduled. Jackson denies there were any watchdog reports detailing allegations against him.
A watchdog report ordered in 2012 by Jackson and reviewed by The Associated Press found that he and a rival physician exhibited "unprofessional behaviors" as they engaged in a power struggle over the White House medical unit.
——
5:10 p.m.
The White House Medical Unit in 2012 — led by current Veterans Affairs nominee Ronny Jackson — was described by one staffer as the "worst command ever."
An inspector general report from the time says most of the blame for the situation fell on Dr. Jeffrey Kuhlman, the physician to President Barack Obama.
But according to the report, Jackson admitted he had failed to shield the White House Medical Unit from the leadership drama between himself and the rival Navy Captain.
Jackson is quoted saying he was willing to do what was necessary to straighten out the command, even if it "meant finding a new position in Navy Medicine."
Jackson was given Kuhlman's post, in addition to running the medical unit, in 2013.
——
4:30 p.m.
A 2012 watchdog report ordered up by Veterans Affairs nominee Dr. Ronny Jackson found that both he and a rival physician exhibited "unprofessional behaviors" as they engaged in a power struggle over the White House medical unit.
The report suggested the White House consider replacing Jackson or Dr. Jeffrey Kuhlman —or both. Kuhlman was the physician to President Barack Obama at the time.
The six-page report was reviewed Tuesday by The Associated Press. The report by the Navy's Medical Inspector General found a lack of trust in the leadership and low morale among staff members.
The report says staff members described the working environment as "being caught between parents going through a bitter divorce."
——
1:35 p.m.
President Donald Trump says his nominee to lead Veterans Affairs, Dr. Ronny Jackson, will soon be "making a decision" about his future amid questions about the White House doctor and Navy rear admiral.
Trump says in a joint news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron that he will "stand behind" his VA nominee but it's "totally his decision" on whether he should try to win confirmation in the Senate.
Jackson's nomination was put on hold indefinitely after allegations surfaced regarding inappropriate behavior on the job and over-prescribing prescription drugs.
Trump is criticizing members of Congress who questioned Jackson's lack of experience. He called Jackson one of the finest people he's ever met.
———
10:55 a.m.
The leaders of a Senate panel say the confirmation hearing for Ronny Jackson, President Donald Trump's pick to be Veterans Affairs secretary, is being postponed indefinitely.
Sen. Johnny Isakson, the Republican chairman of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, and Sen. Jon Tester, the top Democrat, cite "serious allegations" recently made against Jackson.
They say it is their duty to "thoroughly and carefully vet" his nomination. His hearing had been set for Wednesday.
The two lawmakers sent a letter to Trump Tuesday requesting additional information about Jackson, who has served as a White House physician since 2006. It seeks any communication between the Pentagon and the White House regarding "allegations or incidents" involving him.
Trump selected Jackson to head the VA last month after firing former Obama administration official David Shulkin.
———
10:15 a.m.
A Senate committee says it has delayed Wednesday's confirmation hearing for Ronny Jackson, President Donald Trump's pick to be secretary of Veterans Affairs.
Spokeswoman Amanda Maddox cites questions from lawmakers over allegations made about Jackson's past behavior.
The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee was scheduled to hold Jackson's hearing on Wednesday.
Trump selected Jackson to head the VA last month after firing former Obama administration official David Shulkin following an ethics scandal and mounting rebellion within the agency. But Jackson has since faced numerous questions from Republican and Democratic lawmakers about whether he has the experience to manage the massive department of 360,000 employees serving 9 million veterans.
———
9:20 a.m.
The White House is standing behind Ronny Jackson, President Donald Trump's choice to be Veterans Affairs secretary amid growing questions about his qualifications.
Spokesman Hogan Gidley is praising Jackson, who is Trump's White House doctor and a Navy rear admiral, for serving as a physician to three U.S. presidents, both Republican and Democrat. He says Jackson has a record of "strong decisive leadership" and is "exactly what's needed at the VA."
Senators have been discussing plans to delay Jackson's confirmation hearing, saying more time may be needed to review whether Jackson can manage a massive agency of 360,000 employees serving 9 million veterans.
The hearing is scheduled for Wednesday.
———
1:46 a.m.
Senators are discussing plans to delay the confirmation hearing for President Donald Trump's pick to be Veteran Affairs secretary over growing questions about the nominee's ability to manage the government's second-largest department.
The hearing for Ronny Jackson, Trump's White House doctor, is scheduled for Wednesday.
Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal says some Republicans have told him that they think the hearing should be postponed, which he says deserves consideration.
Blumenthal says he thinks there may well be a need for more time, in fairness to Jackson, so that he and the administration have an opportunity to answer these questions fully and fairly.
Blumenthal declined to discuss why more time might be needed.
White House and VA officials are also discussing a delay with key allies outside the administration.
OKLAHOMA CITY — Police have publicly identified a man who was killed by an Oklahoma City police officer during a scuffle as 28-year-old Kyle Anthony Mihecoby.
Police Capt. Bo Mathews said Monday that Officer Bethany Sears fatally shot Mihecoby on Sunday as they fought over her gun. Police earlier said the officer shot Mihecoby after he knocked away the officer's pepper spray and took her stun gun during a struggle.
Mihecoby was pronounced dead at the scene.
Mathews says Sears was treated at a hospital for non-life threatening injuries and is on paid leave pending an investigation into the shooting.
AP Photo/Jessica Hill
It was a rough day for the already-roiled U.S. health insurance market: One giant merger was abandoned, another is threatened by infighting, and a major insurer announced it will stop selling coverage on public exchanges in 11 states. Both merger deals had already been rejected by federal regulators and judges, but the companies were considering appeals to those decisions. Now they both appear to be off. Aetna said it was abandoning its planned $34 billion purchase of Medicare Advantage provider Humana early Tuesday. Then, later in the day, Cigna said it is suing Anthem to kill a $48 billion acquisition bid. The deals were conceived as a way to help the insurers increase their enrollment and cut down on expenses in part so they could improve their performances on the Affordable Care Act's public insurance exchanges. Big insurers have been hit with substantial losses from the exchanges, even though they represent a relatively small part of their overall business. Many have already cut back their offerings, and that has slashed customer choices in markets around the country. The collapse of one deal and the uncertain future of the other could hurt shoppers on the exchanges next year by leaving them with even fewer options and potentially higher prices. Humana told investors late Tuesday that it was abandoning it exchanges in all 11 of its states as of the beginning of next year. Humana, based in Louisville, Kentucky, was the only insurer on exchanges in 16 Tennessee counties, according to data compiled at the start of the 2017 open enrollment period by the Associated Press and health care consulting firm Avalere. That means customers in those counties may have no way to buy coverage with help from government tax credits next year unless another insurer decides to enter those markets. Every exchange in the U.S. had at least one insurer selling coverage on it for 2017, according to Larry Levitt of the nonprofit Kaiser Family Foundation, which studies health care issues. Morningstar insurance analyst Vishnu Lekraj said it's possible all the four insurers involved in the deals could leave the exchanges. Aetna Chairman and CEO Mark Bertolini raised that possibility months ago. He said that if his company's planned, was blocked, “we believe it is very likely that we would need to leave the public exchange business entirely,” according to court documents filed in that case. Aetna, based in Hartford, Connecticut, says it lost $450 million last year on ACA-compliant coverage, while the company booked an overall profit of $2.27 billion. Its loss on ACA-compliant business was $100 million more than it expected. Bertolini said recently that his company would announce by April 1 whether it will remain in any of its exchanges. “We're looking at everything,” he said. Government and industry officials have said President Donald Trump's administration and congressional Republicans are weighing measures to stabilize the wobbly exchanges. Insurers have been pushing them to act soon. “The clock is definitely ticking for the Trump administration to provide some clarity around what the rules will be,” Levitt said. In suing to end its tie-up, Cigna, based in Bloomfield, Connecticut, said it wants more than $13 billion in damages from its onetime-companion Anthem, the Blue Cross-Blue Shield insurer, which is based in Indianapolis. Cigna says it is seeking a $1.85 billion termination fee from Anthem and billions more in damages for what it says were Anthem's breaches of the merger agreement. The insurer says the damages include the amount Cigna shareholders would have received if the merger had not failed. It noted that Anthem assumed full responsibility for litigation strategy and getting the necessary regulatory approvals, suggesting that it was Anthem's responsibility to push the deal through. “Cigna fulfilled all of its contractual obligations and fully cooperated with Anthem throughout the approval process,” the insurer said in a statement. An Anthem spokeswoman says Cigna has no right to end the deal, and it remains committed to closing the transaction. The insurer had just filed on Monday paperwork to appeal the federal court ruling. Anthem and Aetna put their acquisition bids together in 2015 and touted them as a way to grow enrollment and reap savings that they would then pass on to consumers. The deal would have given Aetna the opportunity to significantly expand its presence in Medicare Advantage coverage, which involves privately run versions of the federal Medicare program for people who are over 65 or disabled. But the Department of Justice had sued last summer to stop the deals, due to concerns about how they may affect prices and consumer choices. Federal judges then rejected the acquisitions in separate rulings filed earlier this year. The deals would have combined four of the nations' five largest insurers. UnitedHealth Group is the largest. — AP Data Journalist Meghan Hoyer contributed to this report from Washington, D.C.
Comments
comments
An Iranian Navy vessel trained a laser at a U.S. military helicopter as it accompanied three U.S. Navy ships moving through the Strait of Hormuz early Wednesday morning, in an incident the U.S. Navy has characterized as "unsafe and unprofessional."
"Three U.S. Naval ships and a U.S. Marine Corps helicopter had an unsafe and unprofessional interaction with an Iranian Navy vessel while transiting the international waters of the Strait of Hormuz, June 13," said Commander William Urban, a spokesman for the U.S. Navy's Fifth Fleet.
The Strait of Hormuz is the vital narrow body of water that separates the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman.
"The amphibious assault ship USS Bataan (LHD 5), guided-missile destroyer USS Cole (DDG 67) and dry cargo ship USNS Washington Chambers (T-AKE-11) were transiting the strait when the Iranian vessel paralleled the U.S. formation, shining a spotlight on Cole," said Urban.
"Shortly thereafter, the Iranian vessel trained a laser on a CH-53E helicopter that accompanied the formation," said Urban. "The Iranian vessel then proceeded to turn its spotlight on Bataan, scanning the ship from bow to stern and stern to bow before heading outbound from the formation."
The closest the Iranian vessel got to the American ships was 800 yards.
Urban explained that "illuminating helicopters with lasers at night is dangerous, as it creates a navigational hazard that can impair vision and can be disorienting to pilots using night vision goggles."
The laser targeting led the Marine helicopter to automatically discharge flares as a defensive measure said a U.S. official.
U.S. Navy vessels routinely have encounters with small Iranian craft as they transit through the Strait of Hormuz.
Ready for more? We have added another 150+ episodes of hit Discovery & Velocity shows like American Choppers, Diesel Brothers, Bitchin' Rides, and Chasing Classic Cars to Motor Trend On Demand!
Diesel Brothers – 20 episodes
The characters behind DieselSellerZ.com do not run your cookie cutter truck business. While they buy, sell, build and destroy all things diesel, their exploits don't end there.
American Chopper – 106
American Chopper captures the day-to-day drama of Paul Teutul Sr. and his son Paul Jr. of Orange County Choppers, creators of the world's most outrageous custom motorcycles, as they battle impossible deadlines and push the envelope of motorcycle design and fabrication.
Chasing Classic – 9
Wayne Carini, a Connecticut-based Ferrari expert and master restorer, scours the countryside in search of classic automobiles that have been hidden away in barns and shacks for 60+ years. Follow these cars from their unearthing to the auction block on Chasing Classic Cars.
Bitchin' Rides – 20
Dave Kindig, owner and operator of Kindig-It Design in Salt Lake City, Utah, turns out one-of-a-kind vehicles for his demanding (and sometimes famous) clientele. Go inside Dave's sprawling 27,000-square-foot Salt Lake City business to experience how he and 26 specialists construct cars that make the car lover in all of us swoon.
The ROSSIGNOL GROUP, home to the iconic LANGE ski boot brand, announced the appointment of Thor Verdonk as Lange Brand Director.
Since joining the company in 1994, Verdonk has assumed a handful of roles within the Rossignol Group, beginning with his work as Junior Race Program coordinator and moving onto Rossignol Race Director where he was responsible for recognizing and supporting World Cup level athletes, many of whom have gone onto becoming the most successful and world renowned athletes in Alpine ski racing.
Most recently, Verdonk has served as Director of Alpine Product Development for the North American market, where his passion for engineering and product design have allowed him to have a significant role in the commercial successes of Rossignol, Dynastar, Lange, and LOOK brands.
As Brand Director for Lange, Verdonk will be in charge of Lange's commercial and go-to-market strategies focusing on key company objectives in terms of global turnover, market share, distribution, and SKU management. His vast experience, expertise, and credibility within the world of Alpine ski boots will prove to be critical components in the success of the Lange brand moving forward.
Verdonk officially assumes his new role beginning on February 1, 2018.
A great-fitting ski boot is every skier's most essential piece of equipment. For over 50 years, LANGE's attention to foot mechanics and desire to help skiers perform better has resulted in some of the most important innovations in ski boot design. Consistently the industry benchmark, according to the brand, only Lange delivers the award-winning fit and World Cup caliber performance that allows you to Be One with your boots, so you can Be One with your goal.
Headed by Bruno Cercley, the Rossignol Group designs, manufactures, and markets a broad range of winter sporting goods equipment, cycling equipment, and apparel. Located in the French Alps near Grenoble, the Group's global headquarters houses a portfolio of innovative, complementary brands including: Rossignol, Dynastar, Lange, Look, Risport, Kerma, TIME Sport, Raidlight, Vertical, Felt Bicycles, and Dale of Norway. Each has their own storied history and has built their own unique identity, drawing their inspiration from the mountains to deliver end-users AnotherBestDay.
DENVER (AP) — Brandon Crawford kept up his May hitting surge by lining a pair of singles, Gorkys Hernandez had a diving catch in center field to thwart a rally, and the San Francisco Giants avoided being swept with a 7-4 win over the Colorado Rockies on Wednesday night.
Crawford was 2 for 5 with an RBI. He's hitting .412 this month, raising his season average from .189 to .307.
Derek Holland (3-6) settled down after giving up a three-run homer to Nolan Arenado in the first. The left-hander allowed four runs in five innings to help the Giants snap a three-game skid.
The Giants' bullpen allowed three hits the rest of the way, with Hunter Strickland getting Arenado to pop up to end the game and earn his 11th save.
Between four strikeouts, Evan Longoria delivered a run-scoring triple in the fifth off reliever Harrison Musgrave (0-1) that staked the Giants to a 5-4 lead. Over the three-game series, Longoria also had two homers and two doubles.
Hernandez hauled in the catch of the night in the fifth with two on and two out. He dove to snare a sinking liner by Carlos Gonzalez, who tossed his batting helmet in frustration.
Jon Gray turned in his shortest outing of the season at 3 1/3 innings. He walked two straight batters with the bases loaded in the fourth to allow the Giants tie the score at 4. Musgrave entered and the Rockies got out of the tight spot when Andrew McCutchen's liner was dropped by Trevor Story, who then began a double play.
Pablo Sandoval started at second base a day after Kelby Tomlinson committed three errors. Sandoval had an RBI single in the second.
Tomlinson entered the game in the fifth.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Giants: RHP Jeff Samardzija was placed on the 10-day disabled list with shoulder tightness. ... INF Joe Panik (left thumb) could return to the Giants on Friday. ... RHP Mark Melancon (elbow) will be evaluated Thursday.
Rockies: 2B DJ LeMahieu (left thumb) took multiple at-bats in Arizona on Wednesday. "He's doing really well. He's close," manager Bud Black said. Possibly activated Friday? "You can speculate. I'm not going to tell you. But you can speculate it a lot," Black said.
FIRST PITCH
Before the game, 8-year-old Hailey Dawson of Las Vegas delivered a ceremonial underhand pitch to Chad Bettis while wearing a Rockies-themed prosthetic hand. She has Poland syndrome, which stunted the growth of the fingers on her right hand.
It was her ninth stadium visit in her quest to throw in every major league park. Her next stop is Seattle.
She's also delivered pitches at Baltimore, Washington, San Diego, San Francisco, Chicago Cubs, Texas, Cleveland, and during Game 4 of the 2017 World Series in Houston. Several Rockies players signed her prosthetic hand, including Ian Desmond, Arenado and Gonzalez.
UP NEXT
Giants: The Giants head home for six games after going 2-6 on their trip. RHP Chris Stratton (6-3, 4.97 ERA) starts Friday in a three-game set against Philadelphia.
Rockies: After a day off, LHP Tyler Anderson (4-1, 4.72 ERA) takes the ball Friday to open a three-game series against the Dodgers and LHP Alex Wood (1-4, 3.75).
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
SAN ANTONIO — Freshman Keaton Wallace made five 3-pointers and scored a career-high 24 and Byron Frohnen added 18 points and eight rebounds to spark UT San Antonio to an 87-71 victory over Houston Baptist on Saturday night.
Nick Allen and Deon Lyle each scored 13 for the Roadrunners (6-5), who were playing the Huskies (3-7) for the first time since 1989 when both were members of the Trans-America Athletic Conference.
Freshman David Caraher notched career highs of 30 points and 16 rebounds for Houston Baptist, while Ian DuBose added 13 points and eight boards and William Gates Jr. scored 12.
UT San Antonio, which ranked 345th out of 351 teams last season in 3-point shooting, knocked down 10 of 27 (37 per cent) against the Huskies. The Roadrunners also made 25 of 32 free throws (78 per cent), while Houston Baptist hit just 15 of 27 (56 per cent).
The Huskies lost their leading scorer and rebounder Josh Ibarra to an apparent foot injury just two minutes into the game. Ibarra ranks seventh in the nation with 11.3 rebounds per game and averages 17.8 points.
By JEFF AMY and SARAH MEARHOFF
Associated Press
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) - Mississippi's governor signed a law Monday banning most abortions after 15 weeks' gestations, the tightest restrictions in the nation.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant has frequently said he wants Mississippi to be the "safest place in America for an unborn child."
House Bill 1510's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it "incompatible with life" outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a "major bodily function" is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Mississippi previously tied with North Carolina for the nation's strictest abortion limits at 20 weeks. Both states count pregnancy as beginning on the first day of a woman's previous menstrual period. That means the restrictions kick in about two weeks before those of states whose 20-week bans begin at conception.
The state is bracing for immediate lawsuits. Abortion rights advocates say the law is unconstitutional because it limits abortion before fetuses can live outside the womb. The owner of Mississippi's only abortion clinic in Jackson opposes the law and has pledged to sue.
"We certainly think this bill is unconstitutional," said Katherine Klein, equality advocacy coordinator for the American Civil Liberties Union of Mississippi. "The 15-week marker has no bearing in science. It's just completely unfounded and a court has never upheld anything under the 20-week viability marker."
The bill was drafted with the assistance of conservative groups including the Mississippi Center for Public Policy and the Alliance Defending Freedom.
"We're thrilled that Mississippi lawmakers are taking a step to protect the basic right to life, as well as protecting maternal health," said Jameson Taylor, acting president of the Mississippi Center for Public Policy.
Both Republican-controlled chambers passed the bill overwhelmingly in early March, by a vote of 35-14 in the Senate and 76-34 in the House.
The U.S. Senate failed to pass a 20-week abortion ban bill in January. With 60 "yes" votes required to advance, the bill failed on a 51-46 vote.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – Christian Beiter is a Tampa youth football coach who helps his 12-year-old son's football team.
Like many parents, he's concerned about concussions, but wants to see his son play football.
“It's always going to be a concern but if as a parent, I make sure the coaches are coaching correctly, so I think if it's taught correctly you minimize that risk,” said Beiter.
Beiter says coaching methods and attitudes have changed on the issue.
“A direction a lot of coaches are going when they are teaching that you don't lead with your head, which was always an issue in the past, ‘just go at 'em,' and now it's learning the technique that minimizes that. Before it was ‘suck it up, get back out there.' Now, because of everything, you are hearing and learning that's not the case anymore,” said Beiter.
Dr. Patrick Mularoni is helping with a three year study run by Johns Hopkins All Children's Hospital in St. Petersburg to look at the issue of concussions.
“Evaluating the athletes before the season and then seeing what they look like after the season,” said Dr. Mularoni.
They are looking at the sports of soccer, football and hockey, taking blood and saliva samples from players and even putting sensors into mouth guards to measure the impact on a players head during games.
Dr. Mularoni believes player's and coaches are changing the way they deal with head injuries.
“These 16, 18-year-olds or these 14, 18-year-olds, especially the high school students, know so much about concussions, they are the ones that are actually reporting the concussion,” said Mularoni.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT:
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – One by one, they shared their stories, each with tears in her eyes – moms who were heartbroken. They were in shock. Their homes were gone. The presents they just purchased for their children – now charred pieces of wrapping paper and plastic.
As their eyes continued to well, they stared blankly at firefighters scurrying through smoke. They stood on the chilly sidewalk holding their children, babies with bare legs wrapped in donated blankets.
That's how fast families had to get out of the Brookshire Townhomes at 1910 W. Sligh Avenue in Tampa. There wasn't even time to put clothes or shoes on the children.
Their lives depended on seconds.
Devin Geary held her 3-month-old little one, Logan, close to her warm sweater. The tears began to fall as she explained what the afternoon was like.
“It could have been so much worse. Especially with a 3-month-old,” she cried. Then, she looked down at Logan and closed her eyes, shaking her head.
Another mom could barely get the words out as she shared her experience. Yoana Aneceto choked back sobs.
“I was working. A friend of mine and said, ‘our apartment is on fire,' so I just came here to see this.”
After that, she could no longer speak.
They are hard-working moms and dads left overwhelmed, feeling an onslaught of emotions – a mixture of grief and gratitude. Their families are alive. But, they are also heartbroken that the holidays are here and this fire has taken everything they have.
One mom with three children and a newborn began crying as she explained how difficult the day had been.
“We literally just caught up on all of our bills, and we just went Christmas shopping Saturday,” she told us, her voice quivering with each word until the tears began to fall.
“My son has autism. He loves stuffed animals, and we just bought him new ones for Christmas. I'm sure they're gone,” Peaches McIntyre cried.
“And, my baby needs a diaper right now. He's sitting there and needs a diaper change.”
She was so overcome with emotion, she stopped speaking mid-sentence.
Her mother was standing nearby, helping comfort the children.
As Claudette Rensford shared her eyewitness account of the afternoon, she also broke down as she talked.
“It's the holidays, and they lost everything. And, they have kids,” she explained.
Neighbors say it happened so quickly that their homes were gone in an instant. They grabbed their children and their pets and got out – fast.
One dad looked dazed as he stood near the chaotic fire scene. He held his shaking Chihuahua mix in a blanket.
“Devastating,” said Soloman Giffen. “I don't even know what I'm going to do.”
Investigators from Tampa Fire Rescue are still trying to figure out what sparked this massive fire that spread rapidly when some families were still at work around 3:30.
Those who were home at the time became heroes, rushing door to door to get others out with seconds to spare before tall flames took over their homes filled with holiday presents and decorations.
“The whole building was on fire, so we just ran downstairs and tried to get them out as quick as possible,” said Manuel Simmons Jr.
In total, eight families lost everything. There are 28 people who are heartbroken during this holiday. Still, amidst heartache, there is hope.
New mom, Devin, told us, “Be thankful for what you have. Your family is really all that matters. All the stuff that's inside your house, just forget about it.”
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
Fitch gives unimpressive rating of Nigeria's $300m diaspora bond
By Yinka Kolawole, with Agency Report
DESPITE the marked improvement in Nigeria's foreign exchange market, the external sector and the macro-economic fundamentals, Fitch Ratings, yesterday, assigned Nigeria's upcoming dollar-denominated senior unsecured bonds an expected rating of ‘B+(EXP)'.
This indicates that the relative stability in the foreign exchange market with reversal of the slide in gross domestic products, GDP, did not reflect in the expectations for the bond offer.
Recall that on January 24, 2017, Fitch affirmed Nigeria's long-term foreign-currency IDR at ‘B+' and revised the outlook to negative from stable. The long-term local-currency IDR was also ‘B+' with a negative outlook, all reflecting the trepid foreign exchange market and sustained recessionary pressures. The agency said the assignment of the final rating is contingent on the receipt of final documents materially conforming to information it already reviewed.
It also noted that the expected rating is in line with Nigeria's Long-Term Foreign-Currency Issuer Default Rating (IDR) of ‘B+'. “The Outlook on the IDR is Negative. The rating is sensitive to changes in Nigeria's Long-Term Foreign-Currency IDR. On January 24, 2017, Fitch affirmed Nigeria's Long-Term Foreign-Currency IDR at ‘B+' and revised the Outlook to Negative. The Long-Term Local-Currency IDR was also affirmed at ‘B+' with a Negative Outlook,” the agency stated.
Recall that the Debt Management Office (DMO) last week said it will commence a ten-day roadshow in June in the United States, UK and Switzerland, for the country's first diaspora bond of $300 million. Specifically, DMO said the roadshow kick-started on Tuesday with investment meetings in Britain while Switzerland and the United States follows.
It also said that Bank of America, Merrill Lynch and Standard Bank of South Africa are joint lead managers for the sale. The debt office said it had filed a registration statement for the bonds with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, adding that an application would be made for the bonds to be admitted to the official list of the UK Listing Authority and the London Stock Exchange to ensure that the bonds are traded on the London Stock Exchange's regulated market.
The debt office, however, said it expects pricing for the bonds to occur following the investor meetings and subject to market conditions.Customs revenue rises with N136bn seizures
The post Fitch gives unimpressive rating of Nigeria's $300m diaspora bond appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Top 5 on Fin24: Fedusa lashes out at Saftu, public sector unions warn govt of total shutdown – Fin24
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MACOMB, Ill. — Kobe Webster made 5 of 8 from 3-point range and scored 21 on Saturday night to help Western Illinois beat Milwaukee 90-69.
Brandon Gilbeck had his third double-double of the season with 17 points, 13 rebounds and three blocks and the Leathernecks (7-2) led the entire way in winning their third in the last four.
Jeremiah Usiosefe added 16 points, Dalan Ancrum scored 13 and Isaac Johnson 11. Western Illinois shot 16 of 26 from 3-point range. Usiosefe made 4 of 7 and Johnson hit both his attempts.
The Leathernecks pushed the lead into double digits for good just after the 10-minute mark of the first half and had a 21-2 run near the end of the period to build a 53-25 lead at the break. The Panthers (6-4) got the deficit no closer than it was at the final score.
Jeremiah Bell was 5 of 12 from 3-point range and led Milwaukee with 21 points. Jeremy Johnson added 10.
The number of workers on U.S. payrolls declined last month for the first time since 2010, reflecting major disruptions from hurricanes Harvey and Irma, according to Labor Department figures released Friday. The jobless rate fell to a new 16-year-low while wage gains accelerated.
Highlights of Employment
Payrolls fell 33,000 — a stark contrast from the estimated increase of 80,000 — after a 169,000 advance. Revisions subtracted a combined 38,000 in July and August. The unemployment rate, derived from a separate Labor Department survey of households, dropped to 4.2% from 4.4%; the estimate was 4.4%. That is the lowest rate since February 2001.
Average hourly earnings rose by 0.5% month over month — the estimate was an increase of 0.3% — after a 0.2% rise. They're up 2.9% year over year, ahead of the 2.6% increase estimate. About 1.47 million people were unable to work due to bad weather, the most since January 1996.
Key Takeaways
The hurricanes had a “net effect” of reducing nonfarm payrolls in September, while there was “no discernible effect” on the national unemployment rate, the Labor Department said in a special note Friday. Data-collection rates “generally were within normal ranges” for both surveys that produce the figures.
Restaurants and bars — an industry where most workers only get paid if they show up to work — had a 105,000 drop in payrolls, according to a statement from Bureau of Labor Statistics acting commissioner William Wiatrowski.
The numbers reflect Harvey's impact on Texas in late August, and Irma's fallout in Florida in September. Data on the labor market and the rest of the economy could be volatile for several months as the weather effects wash out and rebuilding picks up. Puerto Rico, which was hit by Hurricane Maria last month, isn't included in payrolls.
It's hard to measure the exact impact of severe weather on national employment data. State-level figures due Oct. 20 will provide a more detailed look. Federally-designated disaster counties in Florida and Texas accounted for 7.7% of U.S. employment in March, according to the Labor Department.
The number of Americans who didn't report to work because of bad weather comes from the Labor Department's survey of households, which reflects the calendar week that includes the 12th of the month. The survey still counts a worker as employed even if they missed that entire week's work for weather-related reasons, regardless of whether they were paid or not for the time off.
The agency's survey of establishments, which produces the payrolls figure, counts as employed a person who worked at least one hour in the pay period that includes the 12th of the month. Bad weather hurts the payrolls tally if employees got no compensation for that entire pay period.
Other data and recent reports — such as Institute for Supply Management surveys for employment in manufacturing and service industries — indicate the underlying labor market is humming along.
The pickup in wages, along with revisions to prior months, were encouraging, though some economists had already penciled in a boost — with reasons including storm effects that prevented low-paid Americans from working, and a calendar quirk that tends to produce stronger wage growth when the 15th of the month falls within the survey week.
With the U.S. near full employment, Federal Reserve policymakers have been watching for signs of an acceleration in paychecks that could push inflation closer to their goal. The central bank last month forecast it will raise interest rates once more by year-end, with investors and analysts expecting the move in December.
Economist's View
“I don't think this is indicative of problems in the labor market. It's because of the hurricanes,” said Gus Faucher, chief economist at PNC Financial Services Group Inc. in Pittsburgh. Excluding effects of the storms, “the economy is in decent shape, the labor market continues to improve, and we'll bounce back to job growth in the final three months of 2017.”
Of the jump in average hourly earnings, Faucher said he's “discounting that somewhat” because of the drop in employment at restaurants, a “low-paying industry.”
“My guess is that's probably more of a compositional mix than a surge in wage growth,” he said, “so I wouldn't read too much into it.”
Other Details
Participation rate, or share of working-age people in the labor force, increased to 63.1% from 62.9%. … The U-6, or underemployment rate, fell to 8.3% from 8.6%. That measure includes part-time workers who'd prefer a full-time position and people who want a job but aren't actively looking. … People working part-time for economic reasons fell by 133,000 to 5.12 million. … Private employment fell by 40,000 (the forecast was up 75,000) after increasing 164,000. Government payrolls rose by 7,000. Manufacturing payrolls fell by 1,000. Construction hiring rose by 8,000. Retailers cut staff by 2,900. … The average workweek for all workers remained unchanged at 34.4 hours (matching the forecast). … The number of people out of work for 27 weeks or longer, or the so-called long-term unemployed, rose as a share of all jobless to 25.5% from 24.7%.
By Shobhana Chandra, with assistance from Jordan Yadoo, Patricia Laya and Sophie Caronello
WEEHAWKEN, N.J. — With a lengthy highway construction project looming that could turn one of the Northeast's worst traffic bottlenecks into the stuff of post-apocalyptic fiction, local officials whose towns could be overrun by frustrated motorists say they're still in the dark on some aspects of the plan.
When lanes will be closed on the busy Route 495 viaduct connecting the New Jersey Turnpike to the Lincoln Tunnel is one unanswered question. In recent weeks the state Department of Transportation has said its $90 million project to rebuild the bridge and roadway will require closing a lane in each direction beginning in “mid-summer.”
On Tuesday, a department of transportation spokesman said it would be “later this summer.” Several local officials involved with discussions with the department said community outreach efforts are still underway and questions linger about handling traffic overflow, an indication the start could be some time away.
The pothole-ridden 80-year-old viaduct cuts through parts of Secaucus, North Bergen, Union City and Weehawken and accommodates more than 150,000 motorists daily. Local officials acknowledged the need to replace the bridge structure, which is considered structurally deficient and functionally obsolete. But some expressed concerns about logistics.
Weehawken Mayor Richard Turner, whose town squats over the entrance to the tunnel, said he hasn't been given a firm starting date for the lane closures, and has yet to meet with top state transportation officials about the project, though he expects that will happen soon.
“We're very concerned about the impact on traffic, and the resulting traffic jams on our local streets,” Turner said. “We are extremely concerned about emergency vehicles getting through.”
Turner noted that on a Saturday last month, a delay on Route 495 leaving New York left traffic at a standstill and forced many motorists onto the cramped streets of his town and others. That doesn't bode well for traffic during the bridge reconstruction, when the lanes will be closed 24/7, he said.
“I can't imagine what is going to happen on a weekday,” Turner said.
According to the department's website, the work can't be performed solely during nighttime hours because the nature of the bridge work makes it impossible to replace portions each night and then allow traffic back on it during the daytime.
The department's plan includes detours for cars and trucks using Routes 1 and 9 northbound and southbound, where ramps from 495 will be closed off. That is likely to clog streets in Secaucus in a part of town that is home to outlets and big-box stores.
Turner and Secaucus Mayor Michael Gonnelli both said the state hasn't committed to reimbursing their towns for police overtime that likely will be required for traffic management.
Gonnelli said the traffic overload has the potential to be “a nightmare either way.”
“We're downstream from where this is happening, but we are affected anytime something happens, and we're affected badly,” he said. “I try to take my wife out to eat on a Friday night, and you can't get out of town.”
My Daughter Kissed & Seduced Me, I Fell For It & Slept With Her 5 Times – 50 Yrs Old Man Confess as He Denies Pregnancy
“She was the one who seduced me, she kissed me and I warned her. A particular day, she grabbed me and was trying to have cex with me. I beat her up but later I fell for it and slept with her. It was the devil that made me to fall.” Those were the words […]
The post My Daughter Kissed & Seduced Me, I Fell For It & Slept With Her 5 Times – 50 Yrs Old Man Confess as He Denies Pregnancy appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
“Everyone's always talking about how they support the artists, but when you really dive deep into it, they're always taking something from the artist's side pocket, the artist's front pocket,” legendary producer, Swizz Beatz, tells The Source. “They're always taking something from us.”
Swizz decided to channel that common frustration into motivation, and supplemented it with his undying love for fine art to create “No Commission”. With tremendous help from BACARDÍ, the partners behind this concept, Swizz Beatz created an art exhibition and concert series that prioritizes artists being able to keep 100% of the profits. Swizz's concept aims to simply celebrate artists and give them a well-deserved platform, stripping the experience from the unnecessary money talk so the art and artist are given the chance to truly shine.
“It's free for the artists and it's free for the people to enter. You don't need thousands of dollars to be a part of the conversation. If we're gonna celebrate the artists, then we're gonna celebrate the artists for real.” As a Bronx native who was often teased by his peers for his early passion for fine art, Swizz is on a journey to change the culture for good.
Although he says he can't change the world overnight, his movement is undoubtedly gaining momentum, and Swizz and BACARDÍ planned their global mission to bridge the gap between art and hip-hop once again. Since its debut last year, “No Commission” has seen success so far in Miami, London, The Bronx and even made international stops in Berlin, Germany and Shanghai, China. However, the true reward does not lie within the number of RSVP's or the social media impressions, but rather in the artists' journeys following the event. Swizz says he has watched artists from The Bronx sell out art shows in Europe and Russia after “No Commision” exposure. With Swizz's hip-hop peers, BACARDÍ, and art lovers everywhere backing each showcase through and through, “No Commission” is set to support emerging artists to receive the recognition they deserve, and on a global scale.
Swizz's most recent stop was in Art Basel in Miami just this past weekend (12/7-12/9). With a surplus of amazing artists proudly showcasing their artwork, over 3,000 attendees, and a concert featuring powerhouse names like 2 Chainz, Lil Wayne, A$AP Rocky, DJ Khaled and Busta Rhymes to seal the celebration, calling the weekend a success would be an absolute understatement. If you missed out on Miami, don't worry, because he already has his next stop for “No Commision” planned out: Los Angeles. If you're not in the United States, there's still bound to be a stop near you. “We didn't even start yet, by the way. You guys have seen nothing yet,” he assures us. “We've got big, big plans.”
All photos courtesy of Getty Images for BACARDÍ.
NEW YORK — Jordan Eberle and Brock Nelson scored early in the third period and Jaroslav Halak made 46 saves as the New York Islanders rallied for a 4-3 win over the Columbus Blue Jackets on Saturday night.
Columbus led 3-2 heading into the third after Nick Foligno scored on a breakaway late in the second. The Blue Jackets outshot the Islanders 26-12 in the first period and 40-28 through 40 minutes, dominating the game for significant stretches.
However, Eberle tied it 3-3 with his 18th goal at 2:49 of the third when he corralled a loose puck at the top of the slot and whipped it past backup Columbus goalile Joonas Korpisalo.
Nelson then managed to redirect a rebound past Korpisalo at 5:14 for his 11th of the season and only his second goal since Dec. 7. Andrew Ladd and Ryan Pulock had assists on the goal two seconds after a penalty to Columbus rookie forward Pierre-Luc Dubois had expired.
Nick Leddy and Josh Bailey also scored for the Islanders, who won for the first time in three games since the All-Star break. They lost the first two by combined 9-1 margin against Florida and Toronto.
Josh Anderson and Cam Atkinson also scored for Columbus, which has lost six of its last eight. Korpisalo finished with 34 saves.
Late in the second, Foligno swooped down on Halak after Oliver Bjorkstrand sent him a perfect pass from the defensive zone and slid a backhand along the ice past Halak with 1:57 left for his 10th goal of the season.
Bailey had put the Islanders up 2-1 at 11:14 of the second with his 13th goal.
Atkinson quickly tied it at 12:36 when he rifled the puck by Halak after linemate Artemi Panarin intercepted the puck from Islanders defenceman Scott Mayfield. Panarin, acquired from Chicago last June, leads the Blue Jackets in assists with 29 and points with 42.
Atkinson's eighth goal of the season extended his points streak to four games.
Anderson opened the scoring for Columbus at 6:12 of the first period with his 16th of the season on the power play. Dubois and Jussi Jokinen had assists on the first career power-play goal for the 23-year-old Anderson who has 34 career goals.
Leddy's point shot with 2:22 left in the first eluded Korpisalo to knot the score at 1. John Tavares and Mathew Barzal recorded assists on Leddy's seventh goal and his first in 30 games. Leddy's previous tally came Nov. 24 against Philadelphia.
NOTES: The Islanders are 12-1-0 on Saturdays. … The Islanders scratched forwards Alan Quine and Ross Johnston plus defenceman Sebastian Aho. … Columbus scratched forward Markus Hannikainen and defencemen Scott Harrington and Cameron Gaunce.
UP NEXT
Islanders: Host Nashville on Monday night.
Blue Jackets: Host Washington on Tuesday night.
The U.K. plans to penalize carmakers who try to cheat emissions tests with criminal charges that go “above and beyond” European rules -- including the threat of unlimited fines.
The measures, which have been put to public consultation, are aimed at preventing a repeat of the Volkswagen scandal in which 11 million cars were equipped with software that altered emission control systems during testing. Outside of the tests, the vehicles released up to 40 times more nitrogen oxide than regulations allow.
“We continue to take the unacceptable actions of Volkswagen extremely seriously, and we are framing new measures to crack down on emissions cheats in future,” Transport Minister Jesse Norman said in an emailed statement. “Those who cheat should be held to proper account in this country, legally and financially, for their actions.”
The rules could extend to any importer who brings a non-compliant product to the U.K., the government said. Other proposals to improve air quality and road safety include updating consumer information to show the result of more rigorous tests on the fuel economy of new cars.
The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders, an industry body, responded to the proposals with a statement that said U.K. consumers “can be confident they are buying the cleanest and safest cars in history.”
“Every new car sold in the U.K. meets the strictest of regulations governing everything from safety to emissions standards and how vehicles are tested and approved for sale,” SMMT Chief Executive Officer Mike Hawes said in the statement.
By Tim Ross
Information minister Mustapha Hamid has claimed that the bus that broke down while carrying journalists following the president in the Upper West region was not hired by the Presidency for the media.
According to him, “the group of journalists who are said to have been stranded were not part of the official presidential press team”.
Under former Presidency John Mahama a journalist with the Ghanaian Times newspaper died while several others sustained injuries when a rickety car carrying journalists was involved in an accident.
Reacting to concerns over how the media was treated in the Thursday incident, Mr. Hamid said “The vehicle that broke down was NOT the vehicle that was hired for journalists in the region by the Director of Communications at the Presidency.
Below are details of the statement
My attention has been drawn to a story with the above headline on Ghanaweb. I wish to make clear the following:
1. The vehicle that broke down was NOT the vehicle that was hired for journalists in the region by the Director of Communications at the Presidency. The Director of Communication has a dedicated corps of journalists in every region who cover presidential trips. In the Upper West Region, they were transported in a Nissan Coaster bus. In the Upper East Region they were given a Hyundai H1 bus.
2. The group of journalists who are said to have been stranded were not part of the official presidential press team. Apparently, the Public Relations Officer of the Regional Co-ordinating Council, Godwin Nkunu, hired this bus for some other journalists chosen by him and unknown to the Presidential Communication team.
3. The Minister for Information merely chanced upon their broken down vehicle because he attended hospital and, therefore, did not join the official convoy. They were in the company of Godwin Nkunu who was at that time making calls to get them another vehicle. Even so, the Minister stopped and also asked that a vehicle be procured from Bolga to pick them up. But, the journalists themselves said that it will be difficult to get any good vehicle in Bolga at the time. The Minister who had room in his vehicle for three people, picked three journalists and proceeded while instructing the PRO of the RCC (Godwin Nkunu) to stay and find a vehicle for them to catch up with the Presidential team.
4. Indeed, Godwin Nkunu found them another vehicle and they continued as scheduled.
……signed……
Mustapha Abdul-Hamid
Minister for Information
CARACAS, Venezuela — Venezuela's ruling socialists swept nearly all the races for mayors across the country, and President Nicolas Maduro is now threatening to ban key opposition parties from future elections in the oil-rich country wracked by economic crisis.
Hundreds of supporters shouted “Go Home, Donald Trump” to interrupt Maduro at a rally late Sunday in the colonial centre of Caracas, where he announced that pro-government candidates grabbed more than 300 of the 335 mayoral offices.
Sunday's voting marked the last nationwide elections before next year's presidential race when Maduro is expected to seek another term despite his steep unpopularity.
“The imperialists have tried to set fire to Venezuela to take our riches,” Maduro told the crowd. “We've defeated the American imperialists with our votes, our ideas, truths, reason and popular will.”
The elections played out as Venezuelans struggle with triple-digit inflation, shortages of food and medicine, and charges that Maduro's government has undermined democracy by imprisoning dissidents and usurping the powers of the opposition-controlled National Assembly.
Three of the four biggest opposition parties refused to take part in Sunday's contests, protesting what they called an electoral system rigged by a “dictator.” The last time the opposition refused to compete in congressional elections in 2005 it strengthened the government's hand for years.
After dropping his vote into the cardboard ballot box earlier in the day, Maduro responded to the boycott.
“A party that has not participated today cannot participate anymore,” Maduro said. “They will disappear from the political map.”
This has been a turbulent year for Venezuela, which holds the world's largest oil reserves but has been battered by low crude prices and a crash in production. The country saw months of protests that left more than 120 dead earlier this year, and it is now facing U.S. economic sanctions as it seeks to refinance a huge international debt.
The struggles have caused the president's approval rating to plunge, although the opposition has been largely unable to capitalize on Maduro's unpopularity.
Maduro said the third electoral victory for the ruling party in little more than four months signalled that the socialist “Chavista” revolution begun by the late President Hugo Chavez has defeated its opponents who are intent on sowing violence in the country.
In a country of 30 million people, 9 million cast ballots — about half of eligible voters. Maduro's opponents on social media questioned the figures.
The mayoral elections follow a crushing defeat of opposition candidates in October's gubernatorial elections, where anti-Maduro candidates won just five of 23 races amid allegations of official vote-buying and other irregularities.
Given the opposition's disarray, political analysts said they doubted Maduro's opponents would be able to rally behind a single candidate in next year's presidential election.
“These were absolutely predictable results,” local pollster Luis Vicente Leon said on Twitter. “It's absurd to think that an abstaining political force can win the majority of mayorships.”
After three intense days of rodeo competition, the Wyoming High School Rodeo Association wrapped up its final weekend of regular season rodeos this past weekend in Sheridan and Buffalo. Many area athletes did well.
Sheridan
May 26, 2018
Bareback Riding
1. Myles Carlson Evanston WY. 61
Barrel Racing
6. Karissa Phillips Rock Springs WY. 18.25
Breakaway Roping
2. Katie Jo Kendrick Mountain View WY. 3.21
Goat Tying
7. Karissa Phillips Rock Springs WY. 8.13
Pole Bending
7. Ryker Goodman Green River WY. 22.224
Saddle Bronc Riding
1. Ira Dickinson Rock Springs WY. 66
Steer Wrestling
1. Chance Anderson McKinnon WY. 7.02
Team Roping
8. Kolby Bradley Big Piney WY. 9.18
8. Arye Espenscheid Big Piney WY. 9.18
Tie Down Roping
10. Kolby Bradley Big Piney WY. 14.27
Advertisement
Buffalo
May 27, 2018
Bareback Riding
1. Myles Carlson Evanston WY. 66
Breakaway Roping
1. Shaylee Terry McKinnon WY. 3.69
4. Katie Jo Kendrick Mountain View WY. 3.21
Goat Tying
10. Shaylee Terry McKinnon WY. 10.02
Bull Riding
1. Wyatt Phelps Pinedale WY. 65
Saddle Bronc Riding
1. Ira Dickinson Rock Springs WY. 63
Steer Wrestling
4. Chance Anderson McKinnon WY. 7.02
6. Ira Dickinson Rock Springs WY. 12.85
Buffalo
May 28, 2018
Bareback Riding
1. Myles Carlson Evanston WY. 61
2. Donny Proffit Diamondville WY. 51
Breakaway Roping
8. Taylor Nichols Boulder WY. 4.00
Bull Riding
3. Wyatt Phelps Pinedale WY. 69
Goat Tying
3. Karissa Phillips Rock Springs WY. 9.38
5. Shaylee Terry McKinnon WY. 9.69
10. Ryker Goodman Green River WY. 11.00
Pole Bending
7. Karissa Phillips Rock Springs WY. 23.863
Saddle Bronc Riding
2. Ira Dickinson Rock Springs WY. 69
Steer Wrestling
4. Chance Anderson McKinnon WY. 8.03
Team Roping
10. Chance Anderson McKinnon WY. 12.22
10. Chance Stevie Cora WY. 12.22
Tie Down Roping
3. Kolby Bradley Big Piney WY. 12.97
8. Ira Dickinson Rock Springs WY. 19.00
By Jeffrey Muvundusi
Former National Healing minister Moses Mzila-Ndlovu has come out guns blazing against former president Robert Mugabe's nephew, Patrick Zhuwao, over what he termed misguided statements on the Gukurahundi atrocities.
In a letter to British Prime Minister Theresa May, which he reproduced on his weekly blog last week, Zhuwao — who was among alleged kingpins of the vanquished Generation 40 (G40) faction — “recklessly” touched on the post-independence political disturbances which, according to Ndlovu, sought to absolve Mugabe.
In his letter, the former Labour and Public Service minister, on numerous occasions kept on referring to the Gukurahundi atrocities.
“The British government, and I dare say various British institutions, are colluding with Mnangagwa in his despicable subterfuge that has the hallmark of the 1980s Gukurahundi massacres that saw the loss of thousands of lives.
Zhuwao also noted; “The northern half of the country has witnessed 78,4 percent of the political violence in Zimbabwe over the past two decades. That spatial approach to repression is reminiscent of the engineered Gukurahundi massacres of the early 1980s.
“Honourable prime minister, I am sure that you are aware that one of the incidents that allegedly sparked the Gukurahundi Massacres was the abduction and subsequent brutal murder of Western tourists, who included British citizens, in Matabeleland in July 1982.”
This, however, did not go down well with Mzila Ndlovu, an outspoken “Gukurahundi activist”.
“It is not my obligation to speak for the late British Conservative Prime Minister Mrs Margaret Thatcher and her government on the matter of their complicit in the Matabeleland genocide of the eighties which you rightly refer to as Gukurahundi though you have such an appallingly convoluted view of events around this crime,” Mzila-Ndlovu reacted in a two-page letter to Zhuwao.
“Neither is it my intention to defend the current British Conservative Prime Minister, Mrs Theresa May over her government's condonation of the November . . . (2017) in Zimbabwe because the events which preceded and followed the change of power shed enough light on that too.
“However, to suggest that British involvement in the internal affairs of Zimbabwe has only been through Chiwenga and Mnangagwa is as mischievous as it is criminal.
“You are a relative of the ‘deposed' despot Robert Mugabe, the person who was prime minister of Zimbabwe when the atrocities committed against innocent and unarmed civilians of Matabeleland and the Midlands took place,” he said.
“It is preposterous for you to try to cleanse Mugabe's involvement and do an out-of-court unilateral acquittal from any wrong doing through an act of deliberate omission of his name from your twisted list of mass murderers.”
Mzila-Ndlovu appealed to Zhuwao to apologise over his statement which he deemed reckless.
“Please, apologise to the people of this country for insulting their intelligence. The Gukurahundi genocide was planned and orchestrated under the cruel leadership of your uncle and most of you got where you were in life stations because of the ethnic exclusion agenda of the people of Matabeleland from the privileges brought by independence to black people,” Mzila-Ndlovu said.
He added that Mugabe and his henchman, including Zhuwao's former comrades-turned-enemies, are collectively guilty of the crime of genocide in Zimbabwe.
Mzila-Ndlovu also accused Zhuwao of lying about how Gukurahundi started.
“You lie that the Gukurahundi massacres were triggered by the abduction of foreign tourists. Those who care to know will be aware that the preparations for the training of the 5th Brigade started sometime in 1980 or early in 1981 such that by August 1981 a group of 106 North Korean Military Advisers had arrived in the capital, Harare and stayed at (a Harare hotel) incurring a whopping bill of $12 983.00, settled by Mugabe's government.”
“Their purpose was to help set up the 5th Brigade that would be unleashed upon innocent people by your uncle. The six tourists were only abducted on July 23, 1982. Please learn to respect sequence, especially that of political events so vulnerable to distortions by crooks like yourself for their selfish ends,” said Mzila-Ndlovu. DailyNews
ELLWOOD CITY, Pa. — Police say an intruder shot and killed by an elderly homeowner during a home invasion attempt in Pennsylvania turned out to be a relative of the man.
Ellwood City police said 49-year-old Dennis Mercadante, of Mercer, and another man broke into the home at about 1:20 a.m. Friday. Mercadante was shot after a struggle in the hallway with 84-year-old Don Lutz. The other man fled.
Lt. David Kingston said Mercadante was identified through facial recognition and fingerprints, and he turned out to be a nephew-in-law of Lutz.
Kingston said it was unlikely that any charges will be filed against the homeowner, whose right arm was injured. Police are still investigating and haven't identified the second intruder.
DJ Tiesto: 'I'm a commercial underground DJ' More Dj Tiesto told "Nightline," "I never really had mega hits...but all my music is known in the subcultures, it's known in colleges or on dance festivals - everybody knows Tiesto." Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for DJ Tiesto: 'I'm a commercial underground DJ' This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Now Playing: Music world celebrates life of influential DJ Avicii
Now Playing: DJ Tiesto: 'I'm a commercial underground DJ'
Now Playing: 'Roseanne' canceled after Roseanne Barr's racist tweet
Now Playing: With 'Roseanne' cancelled, a look at companies making changes after social response
Now Playing: Rose McGowan, other alleged victims of Weinstein react to arrest
Now Playing: The final lap: Danica Patrick on her journey to NASCAR stardom and why she's retiring
Now Playing: Harvey Weinstein expected to surrender to face criminal charges
Now Playing: New NFL mandate requiring players to stand for national anthem sparks debate
Now Playing: 9-year-old internet star Lil Tay on her controversial videos: 'It's all me'
Now Playing: Milwaukee police release body cam footage of Sterling Brown's arrest
Now Playing: How 'Star Wars' fans Donald Glover and Alden Ehrenreich prepped for 'Solo'
Now Playing: Up close and personal with the Hawaii volcano spewing lava
Now Playing: 'Dear White People': Inside the series taking on what it means to be black in America
Now Playing: How the royal wedding might usher in a new era for the monarchy
Now Playing: Texas school shooting survivors on what happened when alleged gunman opened fire
Now Playing: 10 victims dead in Texas school shooting, explosives found, officials say
Now Playing: Prince William, Prince Harry greet well-wishers ahead of royal wedding
Now Playing: Meghan Markle's mom meets Prince Harry's immediate family for first time
Now Playing: How Diana, Kate and Meghan created their own unique fashion statements
Now Playing: The race to prevent the sudden death of mothers in childbirth in the U.S. Now Playing: {{itm.title}}
{"id":55548278,"title":"DJ Tiesto: 'I'm a commercial underground DJ'","duration":"0:47","description":"Dj Tiesto told \"Nightline,\" \"I never really had mega hits...but all my music is known in the subcultures, it's known in colleges or on dance festivals - everybody knows Tiesto.\" ","url":"/Nightline/video/im-commercial-underground-dj-55548278","section":"Nightline","mediaType":"default"}
Sex-for-marks: What Monica Osagie told OAU's investigative panel today
The alleged victim in the sex-for-marks scandal, Miss Monica Osagie affirmed before an investigated panel that Prof. Richard Akindele deliberately failed her because she refused his sexual demand.
Osagie, a postgraduate student in the Masters of Business programme, had released a recorded telephone conversation, which went viral, in which the lecturer identified as Akindele, allegedly demanded sex for marks.
The committee, which held its session at the Pro -Chancellor's Lodge on the campus, allowed only Osagie and her counsel into the venue.
Journalists, students and some members of the National Human Right Commission who came to witness the sitting were not allowed into the venue by security personnel of the institution who manned the entrance.
Akinyode-Afolabi, who spoke with newsmen after the closed door session which lasted for more than seven hours, said Osagie told the panel that she passed the course but was later failed by the don because of her refusal to sleep with him.
She said that Osagie narrated in details what transpired between her and the don, adding that lawyers present at the meeting were not allowed to make any contribution.
Akinyode-Afolabi , who is the Executive Director for Human Advocate Research and Documentation Centre, Abuja, said that Osagie also informed the panel that she recorded the conversation between her and the professor as evidence.
She said Osagie also informed the panel that she reported the sexual harassment by the don to some lecturers in the university, adding that no action was taken by them.
Akinyode-Afolabi said some lawyers who represented the lecturers who Osagie claimed she reported the case to also appeared before the panel.
She said that Osagie also told the panel that she did not score 33 per cent as alleged but was failed so that she could bow to the sexual demand of the don.
Akinyode-Afolabi said she was optimistic that the outcome of the panel would serve as a lesson to other lecturers who also engage in such acts.
She, however, urged the panel to ensure that justice prevailed on the issue so as to maintain the integrity of the institution.
Akinyode-Afolabi, who did not allow Osagie to talk to newsmen, said her client would always be available to give evidence whenever she was called upon.
Members of the panel did not also speak with newsmen after the meeting.
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post Sex-for-marks: What Monica Osagie told OAU's investigative panel today appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PORTLAND, Ore. — D'Marques Tyson made six 3-pointers and scored 22 points, and Marcus Shaver Jr. sank the winning free throws with two seconds left as Portland edged Loyola Marymount 68-66 on Saturday.
LMU's Steven Haney tied the game with two free throws with 13 seconds left before Shaver was fouled at the rim. James Batemon got a decent look at a 3-point try but was too strong.
Tyson made five 3-pointers and scored 17 points in the first half when Portland took a 37-27 lead. LMU led 43-40 on a Haney 3-pointer with 14:34 left and neither team led by more than four thereafter.
Franklin Porter added 12 points for the Pilots (10-15, 4-8 West Coast Conference), winners of four of their last six, the two losses against nationally ranked Saint Mary's and Gonzaga.
Jeffery McClendon scored 15 points, Haney 13, Batemon 11 and Eli Scott 10 for the Lions (7-16, 2-10).
Starplus's popular show Ishqbaaz has climbed the ladder and is on the top as the chemistry between the two most love Nakuul Mehta and Surbhi Chandna have impressed their fans yet again. While Harshad Chopra and Jennifer Winget starrer Color show Bepannaah scored 47 per cent votes, Ishqbaaz score 52 per cent.
Indian television has been entertaining the world with some amazing daily soaps. Shows like Ishqbaaz and Bepannah have created a buzz amongst the audience since the two hit shows went on air. Both the soaps have maintained a decent position at BARC India's TRP list on the digital platform. Bollywood life recently conducted a poll for their audience asking which shows according to them is better.
As a result, Nakuul Mehta-Surbhi Chandna starrer Ishqbaaaz in the league as Harshad Chopra-Jennifer Winget starrer Bepannaah got 47 per cent votes. Apart from love angles, the Ishqbaaz makers have been plotting the social issues in the drama. This has made the Starplus show gain more TRP than Love saga Bepannah.
Ishqbaaz is based on Oberio brothers having leisured lifestyles and unique personalities, but stand united in tough times, as reported by Time of India. Shivaay is a businessman and has a passion and enthusiasm for expanding his Oberoi group. He is blunt and arrogant. Omkara, on the other hand, has no interest in the family business and is an artist by profession. The youngest of the three, Rudra makes his way into the women's hearts with his attractive looks.
The story showcases the Oberio brothers' journey of life and how they overcome after they go through different stages in life. Producer Gul Khan told the Times of India before the show went air that they will be handling topics like feudalism, spirituality, objectification of women and most importantly, love in modern times.”
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Saraki: Nobody is above law – Rep
A member of the House of Representatives, Mr Peter Akpatason, says the trial of the Senate President, Dr Bukola Saraki, has proved that nobody is above the law in Nigeria.
The lawmaker, who represents Akoko-Edo Constituency of Edo, stated this on Wednesday in Abuja, while reacting to the trial of Senate President, Dr Bukola Saraki, by Code of Conduct Tribunal and his acquittal on Wednesday.
He told newsmen that the trial was, in the first instant, not the best for the polity, but that it had demonstrated the fact that nobody was above the law.
Akpatason said that in a democratic system, the rule of law must be obeyed.
He said that the tribunal's judgment itself came at a time when the judicial system in the country had suffered much setback as a result of the unwarranted tension.
“At a time like this, we need some amount of peace to enable the country work as a united nation.”
According to him, the Judiciary, Executive and Legislature need to be properly focused to enable us do the needful to get out of the present economic situation.
Akpatason added that it was a big plus that after the judiciary exercised its right, the senate president was vindicated.
“I hope that will apply to other arms of government.
“If the Senate President can be tried, others, apart from president and governors who enjoy immunity, should be tried too.
“They should use the opportunity to reconsider forms submitted by members of the executive,'' he said.
The lawmaker noted that some Nigerians may be disappointed with the tribunal's judgement, but said that majority of Nigerians appreciated that the senate president humbled himself and passed through the entire process.
“I will believe that the senate president being tried was in a way like the whole National Assembly was being tried.
“However the point has been proven that nobody is above the law. Today, it is the turn of Bukola Saraki; tomorrow, it will be the turn of another person.
“What is important is that there should be fairness and justice at the end,'' he said.
In his reaction, another legislator, Rep. Prestige Ossy (Abia-APGA), said that judgment of the tribunal was historic and a demonstration that the CCT was “truly independent''.
“It is a historic judgement. The CCT has given its verdict and we should all respect it.
“The prosecution failed to prove its allegations beyond any reasonable doubt that the senate president under-declared his assets and he has been set free.
“I will say that this is good for our democracy as it will further enhance Nigerians' faith in the judiciary.'' he said.
The lawmaker, therefore, advised that Saraki to concentrate on delivering good legislative and democratic dividends to Nigerians “now that he has been left off the hook''.
“I believe this judgement is not only good for him but for the anti-corruption war, for lovers of democracy, and indeed for the entire system,'' he added.
The post Saraki: Nobody is above law – Rep appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NEW YORK (AP) — It's Super Bowl ad time again. Advertisers of all stripes are vying for the attention of the 111 million viewers expected to tune in. The goal is to be the most-talked-about ad over the water cooler — or Slack chatroom — come Monday morning.
From Steven Tyler de-aging for Kia to Amazon's imagining of different voices for Alexa, here are 10 ads that are likely to be talked about. And if you're not interested in tuning it to watch the big game on Sunday, you can stream all of these ads ahead of time.
___
Amazon
The internet giant's founder, Jeff Bezos, stars in this 90-second comedic ad showing different celebrities including chef Gordon Ramsay, actress Rebel Wilson, singer Cardi B and actor Anthony Hopkins subbing in for the voice of Amazon's voice assistant Alexa.
___
Budweiser
Anheuser-Busch dispenses with its usual Clydesdales and puppies and instead goes with a 60-second ad that depicts, to the tune of “Stand By Me,” the company's program to provide water to areas in need.
___
Bud Light
The beer brand's recent ads have centered on a Game of Thrones-like universe that uses the meaningless-but-catchy phrase “Dilly Dilly.” Now, in a 60-second ad running in the second quarter, the brand introduces “Bud Knight,” a heroic character who is ambivalent about helping out in a battle.
___
Coca-Cola
The soda maker strives to include everyone in its 60-second ad: people of different ethnicities, someone in a wheelchair and a person who uses the/them pronoun are all shot at various locations in Mexico clutching or drinking different varieties of Coke.
___
Doritos & Mountain Dew
The two Pepsico brands have linked spots that show a lip sync battle between Peter Dinklage, who lip syncs a Busta Rhymes song as a representative for Doritos Blaze, and Morgan Freeman, who lip syncs a song by Missy Elliott for Mountain Dew Ice.
___
Febreze
Procter & Gamble's air freshener tackles toilet humor with a 30-second ad airing in the second quarter. It purports to be a documentary about Dave, whose “bleep don't stink.” The kicker: Since your Super Bowl party guests are a bunch of not-Daves, you might want to take other precautions against bathroom odor.
___
Kia
The automaker has enlisted Aerosmith lead singer Steven Tyler (who last popped up in a Skittles Super Bowl ad two years ago) to promote its Stinger sports car. In the ad, he drives backward so fast that he gets younger thanks to computer-generated magic. In a nod to advertising tropes, the ad also contains a subliminal message if you watch it backward; Kia helpfully provides this version online.
___
Michelob Ultra
The Anheuser-Busch light beer brand has 30-second ads in the second and fourth quarters starring Chris Pratt . In one he runs and does yoga while singing along to “I Like Beer,” a remake of a country song from the 1970s.
___
Pepsi
The soda maker calls back to its past Super Bowl advertising efforts with Britney Spears, Michael Jackson, Celtics basketball player Kyrie Irving and Cindy Crawford in a 30-second ad airing right before the Justin Timberlake halftime show.
___
WeatherTech
The maker of car floor mats shows footage of its new factory being built in a 30-second ad in the first half of the game. On-screen text reads: “At WeatherTech, we built our new factory right here in America. Isn't that the way it's supposed to be?” It's the fifth consecutive year WeatherTech has advertised during the Super Bowl that all of its operations are in the United States.
Image Comics
Where We Live: The Las Vegas Shooting Benefit Anthology, out today from Image Comics, is inherently political, and not just because of the subject matter, the mass murder at Las Vegas that killed 58 people and injured hundreds, which it addresses in all sorts of ways from the urgent to the oblique. It's political because comics shops are currently facing daily enraged arguments over what they “should” sell on social media. It's political because all the money goes to the victims, and there are people all too eager to write those victims off in all sorts of ways. And it's political because it has to exist at all.
This is a complicated book to review, because it's enormous, over 200 pages and 150 creators from Neil Gaiman to Mike Mignola to Kelly Sue DeConnick, and they all have differing perspectives. The only way to review it would be to go page by page and that would miss the point. Many of these stories are from the heart or from the gut, from artist and writers who usually have to plan months ahead to deliver their work. There are stories here that hit hard not because they deal with the mass murder directly but with how it unexpectedly affects them, even if they're a world away. It's an anthology book, but it's meant to be read as a whole, to be less analyzed than felt.
But it's also complicated because even if it didn't want to provoke a gut reaction, it would be impossible for it not to. More than anything else this book looks at how we understand tragedy, and how whether it's close or distant to us changes our perspective. It can't help but be confrontational, even at its gentlest. Because it shouldn't have to exist. And yet it does.
Dark Horse
Blackwood #1, Dark Horse
Evan Dorkin and Veronica Fish with Andy Fish welcome you to Blackwood University, one of the many barely accredited liberal arts colleges that are as much a part of small New England towns as covered bridges and jokes about sheep. Except that Blackwood, and its new class of scholarship kids, has a secret, and it's going to be up to the new students to figure it out. Dorkin's take on horror stories offers a fun twist on a sturdy concept, with the wife-and-husband Fish team offering art that's crisp and bright yet often indescribably creepy. It's a superb launch and a welcome addition to the horror book ranks.
Abbott #5, BOOM! Studios
Saladin Ahmed and Sami Kivela wrap up their superb tribute to '70s horror as Abbott, a journalist who is also the mystical Bringer Of The Light (hey, the forces of magic aren't usually subtle), finally discovers why mystical creatures have been appearing in '70s Detroit. Kivela's creatures are creepy and lovingly detailed, of course, but it's the clever balance of modern sensibilities with the style of fiction that makes this stand out.
Kill Or Be Killed #19, Image Comics
Ed Brubaker and Sean Phillips confront the ugliest questions this series raises head-on in its penultimate issue. Is Dylan unhinged? What is justice is a society that can be deeply unfair, no matter how democratic it is? And is murder a solution for everything, or just when you have no other choice? Going into the finale, as well, is a twist you might have expected, but is no less shocking for it.
Vampironica #2, Archie Comics
Veronica has been made a vampire. Her parents are dead. Reggie is dead. She has nowhere to turn but… Dilton?! Greg and Meg Smallwood deliver a brisk, witty take on the idea of Riverdale's spoiled princess as a revenge-seeking bloodsucker, but also one that doesn't throw its setting under the bus. In particular, there's a great moment where we learn vampire or not, Veronica can still get jealous over Betty.
WASHINGTON — Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West is en route to the White House to advocate on behalf of a great-grandmother serving a life sentence in prison.
That's according to a person familiar with the visit who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss it publicly.
Kardashian West has urged the president to pardon 62-year-old Alice Marie Johnson, serving a life sentence without parole for a non-violent drug offence.
She's been in touch with Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser. He oversees the administration's push to overhaul the nation's prison system.
It's unclear whether Kardashian West will meet with President Donald Trump, but the president often invites visitors into the Oval Office.
She tweeted Wednesday, “Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you.”
ALBANY, N.Y. — The Latest on Tuesday's special elections for the New York state Senate (all times local):
10:15 p.m.
Democrats have prevailed in two special elections for the New York state Senate — but Republicans will retain control thanks to the support of a breakaway Democrat.
In Westchester County, Democratic Assemblywoman Shelley Mayer declared victory over Republican Julie Killian. With more than 80 per cent of precincts reporting, Mayer had a 16 percentage point lead.
In the second contest, Democratic Assemblyman Luis Sepulveda easily dispatched Republican Patrick Delices (deh-LEE'-sehs) in the Bronx.
The victories give Democrats a one-seat Senate majority. But Republicans will stay in charge through the end of the legislative session in June because of an alliance with Democratic Sen. Simcha (SIHM'-kuh) Felder of Brooklyn. Felder has long sided with the GOP.
Democrats say they will seek to win a clear majority in November.
——
10 p.m.
Democrat Luis Sepulveda has won a New York state Senate special election in the Bronx.
Sepulveda, a member of the state Assembly, easily beat Republican Patrick Delices (deh-LEE'-sehs) and Reform Party candidate Pamela Stewart-Martinez on Tuesday in a Senate district where registered Democrats outnumber Republicans by more than 20-to-1.
In a second Senate race in Westchester County, Democratic Assemblywoman Shelley Mayer was facing Republican Julie Killian.
Democrats had hoped to win both seats and take control of the Senate. But Republicans will stay in charge at least through the end of the legislative session in June thanks to the support of a breakaway Democrat, Sen. Simcha (SIHM'-kuh) Felder of Brooklyn. Felder has long sided with Republicans and said Tuesday he would continue the alliance regardless of the election outcomes.
——
3 p.m.
The New York state Senate will remain in Republican hands — for now.
A key Democratic state senator who has sided with Republicans said Tuesday that he will stay put — even if Democrats win two special elections Tuesday and win a numeric Senate majority.
Brooklyn Sen. Simcha (SIHM'-kuh) Felder has long sat with Senate Republicans, to the frustration of members of his own party. Democratic leaders had hoped Felder might return if they win Tuesday's elections in Westchester County and the Bronx.
In Westchester County, Democratic Assemblywoman Shelley Mayer faces Republican Julie Killian, a former local official.
In the Bronx, Democratic Assemblyman Luis Sepulveda faces Republican Patrick Delices (deh-LEE'-sehs).
Republicans now have a one-seat Senate majority. Democrats say they'll now focus on winning a clear majority in November.
——
9:05 a.m.
Voters in Westchester County and the Bronx are heading to the polls to pick two new state lawmakers.
Tuesday's special Senate elections could decide whether Democrats wrest control of the chamber from Republicans, who now have a one-seat majority. Polls opened at 6 a.m. and will close at 9 p.m.
In Westchester County, Democratic Assemblywoman Shelley Mayer faces Republican Julie Killian, a former local official.
In the Bronx, Democratic Assemblyman Luis Sepulveda faces Republican Patrick Delices (deh-LEE'-sehs).
Even if they win both seats, however, Democrats must also persuade one of their own to return to the party fold.
Democratic Sen. Simcha Felder of Brooklyn now sits with Republicans, meaning the GOP could retain control even if Democrats win a numeric majority.
Democrats already control the Assembly and hold the offices of governor, attorney general and comptroller.
——
12:05 a.m.
Voters in Westchester County and the Bronx are heading to the polls to pick two new state lawmakers.
Tuesday's special Senate elections could decide whether Democrats wrest control of the chamber from Republicans, who now have a one-seat majority.
In Westchester County, Democratic Assemblywoman Shelley Mayer faces Republican Julie Killian, a former local official.
In the Bronx, Democratic Assemblyman Luis Sepulveda faces Republican Patrick Delices (deh-LEE'-sehs).
Even if they win both seats, however, Democrats must also persuade one of their own to return to the party fold.
Democratic Sen. Simcha Felder of Brooklyn now sits with Republicans, meaning the GOP could retain control even if Democrats win a numeric majority.
Democrats already control the Assembly and hold the offices of governor, attorney general and comptroller.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) — The solar eclipse is just one week away but social media users are debating the best way to safely capture it on camera.
Most of the beauty shots of next week's solar eclipse will be taken by professional cameras or shot through a telescope. But, the most common photos we will see will be taken by the millions of smart phones everyday people are using.
So how do you protect your camera?
NASA says if you're using an iPhone or Android smart phone camera lens you should not need any added camera filter. Experts say the lenses on your smart phones are generally very small and do not admit enough light on auto focus.
So, your picture will actually come out over exposed and washed out but your phone camera should not be harmed.
Where you need to be really careful is while taking these photos you will no doubt accidentally glimpse at the full-on solar disk and that could damage your eyes if you prolong the viewing.
NASA says to avoid this harmful contact, you should wear approved solar eclipse viewing glasses.
You can find a list of all the approved glasses for safe viewing of the solar eclipse here.
WHAT'S TRENDING ONLINE NOW –
>> MORE FROM LILA'S DIGITAL DOWNLOAD
City agencies developing a new plan for the public spaces and the neighborhood near City Hall are hosting a public workshop this afternoon to present initial proposals and accept community feedback.It's the first time proposed designs will be shared with the community, including some potential uses of the shuttered Brooks Hall below Civic Center Plaza.As we've previously reported , several agencies and community groups are developing a plan to align the design of three public places: UN Plaza, Fulton Street between the Main Library and the Asian Art Museum, and Civic Center Plaza in front of City Hall.The effort is expected to make the area more welcoming and appealing to neighbors, rather than just part of workers' commute routes."The city is already working on new strategies for taking care of these spaces," said SF Planning spokesperson Gina Simi.The Helen Diller playgrounds recently reopened after months of renovation, and a new street cafe managed by Bi-Rite is expected to open at the corner of Fulton and Larkin this summer, SF Rec and Park spokesperson Connie Chan said.The Civic Center Commons Initiative has introduced movable tables and chairs to the area, a regularly staffed permanent information kiosk, and stewards are helping with public engagement and cleaning up the neighborhood.Those near-term improvements are only the start of the changes under consideration, however.Long-term options presented during the workshop today will include various levels of open lawn space, flexible areas for public art and activities, and other programming efforts, Simi said.The workshop will also present three options for a revival of Brooks Hall , a massive underground convention center that's now used for city storage."The project team has developed three different conceptual scenarios for reusing the Hall," Simi said. Civic Center Public Life study issued last month found that the area has all of the attributes of a neighborhood, but the majority of services and retail cater to workers who leave the space at the end of the work day, rather than local residents.The new public realm plan aims to bring some of the activitity that currently borders the area into the public space and keep it open after typical business hours.Among the more significant challenges to unifying the Civic Center Public Realm are highly-trafficked streets--Polk, Larkin, and Hyde--that break up the visual axis from Market Street to City Hall, the study found.Large, single-use buildings like government offices, performance spaces and museums create "long, inactive facades with few openings and very little transparency," leaving the center of Civic Center dull and unattractive to nearby tenants, according to the study.Another challenge: the area's governance is overseen by a slew of organizations: Rec and Parks department oversees the playgrounds, Public Works maintains the roadway and UN Plaza, and the Civic Center and Tenderloin Community Benefit Districts divide the area along Larkin Street.The neighborhood is also split by two police jurisdictions: the Tenderloin and Northern SFPD districts currently each border Larkin Street.The overall public realm plan is about halfway through its design and community engagement process, said Simi. An online survey, available in multiple languages, will collect more public feedback starting on May 1.Survey responses will be accepted until June, and some physical surveys will be distributed during an upcoming Heart of the City Farmers Market , Simi said.Community feedback will help agencies narrow down possible design options into one preferred plan, which will then have to go through environmental review, Simi said.The goal is to present the preferred plan by the end of this fall, she added. The environmental review is expected to take two years, and adoption hearings on the plan are unlikely before 2020.
This week, Smallville actress Allison Mack pled not guilty to chargers relating to her alleged recruitment and involvement as second-in-command of leader Keith Raniere's sex cult NXIVM.
And as the news has spread, her efforts on social media to seemingly woo fellow actresses have begun to resurface. The most glaring – Mack's 2016 tweets requesting “a chat” with Emma Watson — made the rounds Monday.
In the series of tweets, Mack wrote, “I'm a fellow actress like yourself & involved in an amazing women's movement I think you'd dig. I'd love to chat if you're open. … I participate in a unique human development & women's movement I'd love to tell you about. As a fellow actress I can relate so… well to your vision and what you want to see in the world. I think we could work together. Let me know if you're willing to chat.”
.@EmWatson I'm a fellow actress like yourself & involved in an amazing women's movement I think you'd dig. I'd love to chat if you're open. — Allison Mack (@allisonmack) January 24, 2016
.@EmWatson well to your vision and what you want to see in the world. I think we could work together. Let me know if you're willing to chat — Allison Mack (@allisonmack) February 19, 2016
The responses to the tweets are now filled with warnings to Watson, joking she “dodged a bullet.”
Watson, of course, never responded.
But she wasn't the only entertainer Mack targeted on Twitter. Kelly Clarkson also, apparently, had cult potential. In 2013, Mack tweeted at the singer, “I heard through the grapevine that you're a fan of Smallville. I'm a fan of yours as well! I'd love to chat sometime.”
@kelly_clarkson I heard through the grapevine that you're a fan of Smallville. I'm a fan of yours as well! I'd love to chat sometime. — Allison Mack (@allisonmack) July 20, 2013
Actress Samia Shoaib revealed in a Page Six story last week meeting Mack at an event, and then being aggressively pursued for a friendship and to join a “women's organization” where they would “share their experiences.” Shoaib, who didn't ultimately accept the invite, said each time she met Mack, she appeared “fragile and gaunt,” and “desperate” and “frantic.”
Mack reportedly climbed the ranks of Raniere's cult because she was such a strong recruiter, using her “celebrity” to bring in fellow actresses, including Grace Park and Nicki Clyne.
Some of the women recruited into the cult were allegedly considered sex slaves for Raniere, branded with his and/or Mack's initials, and physically assaulted if they didn't follow the rules they laid out.
According to a statement from the FBI, “Raniere has maintained a rotating group of 15 to 20 women with whom he maintains sexual relationships. These women are not permitted to have sexual relationships with anyone but Raniere or to discuss with others their relationship with Raniere. Some of the Nxivm curriculum included teachings about the need for men to have multiple sexual partners and the need for women to be monogamous.”
Both Mack and Raniere, who was arrested just weeks before the former Smallville star, have pled not guilty to charges of sex-trafficking and forced labour.
Onaiyekan wants children, young adults screened for HIV
The cleric advises religious groups to be more involved in the fight against HIV.
The post Onaiyekan wants children, young adults screened for HIV appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEWARK, N.J. — E.J. Crawford scored 19 points, Rickey McGill added 17, including the go-ahead bucket with under a minute to play, and Iona held on Saturday for a 74-70 win over NJIT.
McGill hit the go-ahead bucket with 41 seconds left and Schadrac Casimir sealed the win with 4-of-4 shooting from the line sandwiched around an NJIT layup by Shyquan Gibbs.
Deyshonee Much had 12 points and seven rebounds for Iona (4-4), which hit 10 of 20 from 3-point range and shot 45 per cent from the field overall to win its third straight.
NJIT (5-5) trailed by nine at the break but chipped away in the second half, retaking the lead 62-61 on Diandre Wilson's layup with 8:09 left.
TK Edogi quickly put Iona back on top with a 3-pointer at the other end and Roland Griffin padded it with a layup before Wilson sank a pair of free throws and Gibbs got a bucket to tie the game at 66-all. The Highlanders tied it again at 68.
Anthony Tarke led NJIT with 21 points and Abdul Lewis had 15 rebounds.
Omoyele, Ezenwa, Shammasu… TheCable's NPFL team of the week – TheCable
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
GAINESVILLE, Fla. — Florida coach Dan Mullen is reuniting with his former quarterbacks coach.
Mullen on Sunday announced the hiring of Houston offensive co-ordinator/quarterbacks coach Brian Johnson as an offensive assistant.
Johnson spent one season as Houston's OC/QBs coach. He spent the three previous seasons as Mississippi State's quarterbacks coach under Mullen, where he helped develop the 2016 NFL Rookie of the Year Dak Prescott.
Before his time at Mississippi State, Johnson became the youngest offensive co-ordinator in the Football Bowl Subdivision when he got the Utah job at age 24.
Johnson is the fourth assistant Mullen has hired who previously work with him at Mississippi State, joining Billy Gonzales, John Hevesy and Todd Grantham.
——
More AP college football: http://www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
WINCHENDON, Mass. — A driver whose car plunged into an icy Massachusetts pond has been rescued from the frigid water.
The Winchendon Fire Department says a man was plowing a parking lot in the town on Sunday morning when he saw the car leave a roadway and enter Hunts Pond. The man called 911, telling dispatchers the car was still in the water with the driver inside.
The fire department says the driver extricated himself and sat on the roof of the car, which was in about 8 to 10 feet (2.5 to 3 metres) of water.
A fire lieutenant threw a rope to the driver as the car was quickly sinking.
The man was instructed to tie the rope around himself before crews pulled him safely to shore. He was unhurt.
——
This story has been corrected to show the rescue was in the morning, not the afternoon.
LIVERPOOL, England — Mohamed Salah produced two world-class finishes and set up goals for Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino to lead Liverpool to a 5-2 win over former club Roma on Tuesday, leaving the English team in sight of the Champions League final.
Salah's display was as exquisite as Roma's defending was naive, with Liverpool scoring all of its goals in a breathtaking 33-minute spell either side of halftime amid a cauldron of noise at Anfield.
The Italian side came back from a 4-1 first-leg loss to Barcelona in the quarterfinals, and consolation goals in the final nine minutes from Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti has given them a similar deficit to overcome.
In the latest virtuoso performance of his stunning first season at Liverpool, Salah curled a shot into the top corner in the 36th minute and doubled the lead in the 45th with a dinked finish that is fast becoming his trademark. He is now on 43 goals for the season in all competitions with potentially five games left.
“Outstanding, pretty much undefendable,” Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp said of Salah. “He is playing a season that is not normal.”
The Egypt forward wasn't finished there, taking advantage of Roma's high defensive line to provide right-wing crosses for Mane and Firmino to score almost identical goals in the 56th and 61st minutes, respectively.
Firmino glanced home a header from James Millner's corner in the 69th to leave Roma's players on the floor — literally in the case of its distressed goalkeeper, Alisson.
Liverpool moved onto 38 goals for this season's competition — 11 more than any other team — but cannot begin preparing for the final in Kyiv on May 26 quite yet.
Dzeko chested down a long pass to make it 5-1 in the 81st and when Milner handled a shot from Radja Nainggolan, Perotti converted the penalty in the 89th.
“The tie is not over, we have already proven that against Barcelona,” Roma coach Eusebio Di Francesco said. “Whoever doesn't believe in a comeback should stay home. That applies to the fans in the stands as well.”
Bayern Munich plays Real Madrid in the other semifinal, with the first leg in Germany on Wednesday.
Roma knows all about Salah, who scored 15 goals and set up 11 more in the second of his two seasons at the Italian club before joining Liverpool for 42 million euros (then $47 million) in June.
He's obliterating those figures at Anfield this season. His double saw him surge past Cristiano Ronaldo's 42 goals for Manchester United in the 2007-08 season, for example.
Salah won English soccer's Player of the Year award on Sunday. At this rate, the Ballon D'Or could be his next year.
His first goal came after Dzeko gave up possession cheaply in Liverpool's half. The ball made its way to Salah, who cut inside from the right edge of the penalty area and curled a shot in off the crossbar, near to the post. It couldn't have been placed any better.
If that was a typical Salah finish from his first half of the season, his second goal was a replica of a couple of his recent strikes in the Premier League.
Roberto Firmino timed his through ball perfectly and Salah outpaced Juan Jesus before applying a dinked finish over Alisson, just like he did to eliminate Manchester City in the quarterfinals.
Salah didn't celebrate either of his goals out of respect for his former teammates but he made them suffer by setting up goals for the other members of Liverpool's devastating forward line.
And when Firmino nodded in Liverpool's fifth goal, the semifinal looked over with 110 minutes remaining.
However, Klopp took off Salah in the 75th minute and Roma suddenly began to swarm all over the home side.
A three-goal deficit will not scare Roma's players — just look at what they did to Barcelona in the Stadio Olimpico two weeks ago. Yet, Liverpool failing to score is unlikely on the evidence of this season, particularly the first 69 minutes of this game at Anfield.
“If any of my players think Roma doesn't have enough to come back, they will not play,” Klopp said.
——
More AP Champions League soccer coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/ChampionsLeague
——
Steve Douglas is at http://www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
Families in the U.S. have never been more accepting of marijuana, but most Americans still expect friends to be more relaxed toward pot use, according to the results of an exclusive new Yahoo News/Marist Poll, “Weed & the American Family,” which surveyed 1,122 adults between March 1 and March 7.
More than half of Americans 18 and older (52 percent) have tried pot, according to the survey, and the poll found that experience with the drug plays a role in shaping the way people expect family and close friends to feel about marijuana use.
Forty-three percent of Americans say that if weed were legalized for recreational use, their close friends would approve of them getting high for fun. That number rises to 61 percent among those who have tried pot at least once in their lives and hits 82 percent among those who indulge more regularly.
Those polled also expect close friends to be more accepting of legal medical marijuana use: 73 percent of adults, including 85 percent of those who have tried pot and 93 percent of those who use weed more frequently, say their friends would approve.
View photos
Yet attitudes about marijuana change when it hits closer to home, and 70 percent of adults overall say parents would disapprove of their using weed for recreation. Among adults who have tried marijuana, 57 percent expect their parents would disapprove. The number is 40 percent among regular marijuana users.
When it comes to pot-using parents, 79 percent of Americans — including 81 percent of parents, 72 percent of those who have tried marijuana and 60 percent who use it regularly — say they would have less respect for parents who use pot in front of their children.
Recreational pot use is also a prickly issue for romantic partners. A majority of Americans in relationships (53 percent) report that their spouse or partner would disapprove of recreational use, even if it were legal.
Attitudes are more open regarding medical use, however, with 73 percent of Americans in a relationship reporting they expect their partners to approve of health-related use.
For parents with children under the age of 18, 38 percent say they would have less respect for their child's teacher if they found out that teacher used marijuana in his or her personal life, while 55 percent say it makes no difference to them.
Similarly, 36 percent say they would have less respect for their doctor if they found out that doctor used marijuana in his or her personal life, while 58 percent say it makes no difference.
A slim majority (52 percent) of Americans say it makes no difference if they found out a cleric or religious leader used marijuana, although 44 percent say it would. That figure rises to 60 percent among Americans who practice a religion.
Still, a majority (56 percent) of Americans find pot use to be socially acceptable — slightly more than the 49 percent who support legalizing marijuana for recreational use.
_____
Read more from the Yahoo Weed & the American Family series:
ORLANDO, Fla. — Teenage star Christian Pulisic scored with a brilliant touch to complete a field-length attack just eight minutes in, then split the defence with a pass that set up Jozy Altidore for the first of the forward's two goals and put the United States back on track for next year's World Cup with a 4-0 rout of Panama on Friday night.
Pulisic fed Altidore for a 2-0 lead in the 19th. Altidore converted a penalty kick with a chip in the 43rd after Bobby Wood was fouled, and Wood added a goal in the 63rd.
The U.S. ended a three-match winless streak in qualifying and with 12 points and moved two points ahead of Panama into third place — the last automatic berth — in the North and Central American and Caribbean region. Honduras has nine points going into its match Saturday at Costa Rica, which is second with 15.
Goal difference means the Americans put themselves in great shape to reach an eighth straight World Cup, almost certainly with a win Tuesday at Trinidad and Tobago and likely with a draw if Honduras fails to win Saturday. The U.S. is plus-five to minus-two for Panama and minus-seven for Honduras.
The region's fourth-place team advances to a playoff next month against Australia or Syria.
“We could have finished better on the day and scored more goals,” U.S. coach Bruce Arena said.
Playing his first international match since he turned 19 last month, Pulisic was moved to central midfield from the flanks by coach Bruce Arena and sparked the attack from the opening whistle with pace and ball control seldom seen from Americans.
After Gabriel Gomez broke free from Omar Gonzalez and shot over the crossbar, Tim Howard's goal kick was headed forward by Bobby Wood about 10 yards past midfield.
Altidore one-timed the ball ahead to on a sprinting Pulisic, and the midfielder reached back with his left leg to flick the ball ahead. Pulisic jumped to avoid Roman Torres' challenge and used the outside of his right foot to play the ball forward. As goalkeeper Jaime Penedo came off his line, Pulisic used the outside of his right foot again to play the ball wide and jumped over Pinedo's outstretched arm. At the edge of the 6-yard box and just 2 yards from the endline, Pulisic reached with his right foot to slot the ball in, completing a 112-yard U.S. move. Pulisic tumbled over as the ball rolled in for his eighth goal in 19 international appearances, his fourth in the hex.
Pulisic created the second goal when he played the ball between his feet and faked Michael Murillo on the left flank Pulisic broke ahead and fed Altidore, who split the centre backs and redirected the ball in from 5 yards for his first goal of the hexagonal. At that point, Pulisic had played a part in 11 of the Americans' 14 goals in the hex.
After Wood and Altidore failed to convert good chances, Wood drew the penalty kick when he exchanged passes with Paul Arriola along a flank, broke past Felipe Baloy, spurted diagonally into the penalty area and was pushed down by Armando Cooper. As Pinedo dived to his left, Altidore chipped the ball down the centre for his 41st international game.
Hacked down several times by Panamanians, Pulisic was removed in the 57th minute and walked out to a standing ovation from the sellout crowd of 25,303 at Orlando City Stadium, which opened in February,
Wood added his 10th international goal off a pass from Arriola.
Panama was trying to move into position to qualify for its first World Cup. The Panamanians were 90 seconds from advancing to a playoff against New Zealand four years ago, when Graham Zusi and Aron Johannsson scored late goals at Honduras, which dropped Panama behind Mexico and into fifth place.
Notes: All U.S. players stood at attention during “The Star-Spangled Banner” and all but Jozy Altidore and DeAndre Yedlin had their right hands over their hearts.
Due to the ice sheets that cover its terrain, geologists have found it extremely difficult to study Antarctica for signs of volcanic systems. To overcome the obstacles posed by nature, the team of scientists remotely surveyed the underside of the ice using a digital elevation model known as Bedmap 2 DEM. They cross-referenced that info by examining aerial and satellite imagery. The results showed peaks of basalt rock poking up through the ice to form cone-shaped structures. Of those 178 edifices, 91 were outlined as previously undiscovered volcanoes.
The study suggests that the density of the volcanoes in the WARS is one volcano per 4,800 square miles, making it one of the world's largest volcanic regions. Although, the results do not indicate whether the volcanoes are active, the data could allow future studies to determine just that.
Whereas previous research has pointed to seismic activity in Antarctica, it is not thought to have impacted the present ice retreat. That wasn't the case in Iceland, where studies found an increase in ice flow due to subglacial eruptions. Comparably, west Antarctica contains a thicker sheet of ice, but that may not be enough to prevent the effects of volcanic disturbance on future ice flow, suggest the scientists -- especially during warmer periods. On the other hand, seeing as ice tends to slope downwards on a smooth surface, the cone-shaped structures could even act as deterrents against the current pace of glacial motion, claim the researchers.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. — As Alabama's high-profile Senate race heads toward a Tuesday vote, supporters and opponents of GOP candidate Roy Moore are bending the truth — or shattering it to pieces — in the campaign's final stretch.
One website falsely proclaimed that one of the women who accused Moore of sexual misconduct had recanted. Another erroneously reported that a Moore accuser “forged” his yearbook inscription to her. On the other side, Moore's detractors took to social media to assert, erroneously, that Moore had written in a 2011 textbook that women shouldn't hold elected office.
The Associated Press checked these out; here are the real facts:
NOT REAL: BREAKING: Roy Moore's Lying Accuser Admits He Didn't Ever Touch Her
THE FACTS: None of the women who accused the Alabama Republican Senate candidate of sexual misconduct, including two women who said Moore molested them, have backed off their initial claims. This fake headline is from a website, Reagan Was Right, which promotes hoaxes and satire. The woman featured in a photograph accompanying the story shows a British reality TV star, not any of the eight women who have accused Moore of sexual misconduct.
NOT REAL: Claims that Roy Moore authored a textbook in 2011 that says women shouldn't run for office
THE FACTS: Moore is in fact a co-author of a “textbook” which serves as a study guide for a series of Bible-based video and audio lectures on U.S. law and public policy. The course packaging also identifies him as a “featured speaker.” Despite claims spread on the web this week, however, Moore did not author the specific section or deliver the lecture that argues that women should not hold elected office. That talk was given by William Einwechter, an elder at Immanuel Free Reformed Church in Pennsylvania. Moore's office says he does not believe that women are unqualified for public office.
NOT REAL: BREAKING: ROY MOORE ACCUSER ADMITS SHE FORGED PART OF YEARBOOK INSCRIPTION!!!
THE FACTS: Moore supporters celebrated misleading news that Beverly Nelson, one of his accusers, “forged” a 1977 yearbook inscription that was considered key evidence against the Alabama Republican. The inscription reads, “To a sweeter more beautiful girl I could not say, ‘Merry Christmas.”‘ It is followed by the signature “Roy Moore D.A.” and the notation “12-22-77 Olde Hickory House.” Nelson's attorney, Gloria Allred, said Friday that Nelson had added the date and restaurant name to the inscription. However, Allred also said that a handwriting expert found Moore's signature in the yearbook to be authentic.
——
Associated Press writer Michael Rubinkam contributed to this report.
——
This is part of The Associated Press' ongoing effort to fact-check misinformation that is shared widely online, including work with Facebook to identify and reduce the circulation of false stories on the platform.
——
Find all AP Fact Checks here: https://www.apnews.com/tag/APFactCheck
JOHANNESBURG (AP) — Officials in Cape Town on Monday tried to allay international concerns about the water crisis in the South African city, saying tourists and investors are welcome despite fears that most taps could be turned off in April because of drought.
In a "two-way conversation," some diplomats who met officials managing Cape Town's crisis referred to water shortages in their own countries, including in Barcelona, Spain and the U.S. state of California, said Tim Harris, CEO of Wesgro, an agency that promotes tourism and trade in Western Cape province.
"I think a lot of cities are going to go through challenges like this," Harris said in a telephone interview with The Associated Press after the meeting.
Experts say key causes of Cape Town's water shortages are climate change and huge population growth since the 1990s. Rival political factions are arguing over alleged failures to prepare for the crisis.
Western Cape province includes Cape Town, where municipal authorities say they will have to close most taps on what they call "Day Zero," slated for April 12, if residents don't save enough water. Authorities hope for seasonal rains soon and are working to extract water from alternative sources, including aquifers and desalination.
A South African charity said it was organizing a nationwide collection of bottled water for stockpiling in military bases in and around the city of 4 million people.
Two trucks were making an initial delivery to Fort Ikapa base in Cape Town on Monday and water will be distributed to residents "at the appropriate time," the Gift of the Givers charity said.
Helen Zille, the Western Cape premier, and disaster management officials were among those who met the diplomats, Harris said. The goal, he said, was to deal with the "unintended consequences" of the city's blunt warnings to residents.
"When you start talking 'Day Zero' to an international audience, you get quite a different reaction," he said. Foreigners, he said, might think: "'Well then, I'd rather not come to Cape Town.'"
The city wants visitors to follow the same guidelines given to residents, including brief showers and fewer toilet flushes. Hotels have removed bath plugs and ask guests to use towels more than once, reducing laundry loads.
International tourists make up only 1 percent of Cape Town's population during peak season, but they support more than 300,000 jobs, according to the Wesgro agency.
It says many parts of Western Cape province have "adequate water," including the tourist destinations of Cape Overberg and the Garden Route.
While tourism officials say there have been cancellations, Ed Roman, Britain's consul general, tweeted earlier this month that there were thousands of British visitors in the area.
One recent visitor to Cape Town was the Queen Mary 2 cruise ship, which docked in the harbor. Delayed by high winds, the ship left the drought-stricken city early Sunday.
___
Follow Christopher Torchia on Twitter at www.twitter.com/torchiachris
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo says he's “ashamed” that this country failed to help Puerto Rico recover faster from last year's hurricane.
The Democrat made the remarks Saturday during a rally in the Bronx with Puerto Rico's Gov. Ricardo Rossello.
The New York governor wants more government money to be allocated to fund the island's recovery. Cuomo says Trump administration officials showed what he called “disrespect” toward the people of Puerto Rico for not helping out more after Hurricane Maria, which left much of the island without electricity.
Politicians at Saturday's rally included U.S. Rep. Jose Serrano, who noted that Puerto Ricans didn't need Trump to toss paper towels at people in need last October at a hurricane relief centre in the capital of San Juan.
About a third of Puerto Rico remains without power.
JOHESU warns Nigerians against patronizing govt hospitals
Members of the Joint Health Sector Unions, JOHESU, have warned Nigerians against patronizing government-owned tertiary health institutions. They allege that Chief Executives of these hospitals are recruiting charlatans and quacks to hold out as healthcare professionals to attend to patients. The health workers, at a press conference in Abuja on Tuesday, said they were raising […]
JOHESU warns Nigerians against patronizing govt hospitals
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK (AP) - Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested.
National Park Service spokesman Jerry Willis says at least six people were taken into custody Wednesday. He says federal code of regulations prohibits hanging banners from the monument.
The large banner said "Abolish I.C.E." ICE is a division of the Department of Homeland Security whose officers arrest and deport unauthorized immigrants inside the U.S., among other duties.
Activists with the group Rise and Resist say they hung the banner to protest U.S. immigration policy. They oppose President Donald Trump's administration and advocate ending deportations and family separations at the U.S.-Mexico border.
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has said the president's immigration policy is a step forward for public safety.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
“Roseanne” was not canceled because it is mean or “HORRIBLE” to compare a black person to an ape (though it is both of those things). It was canceled because it carries the weight of both historic horrors and current atrocities — because comparing a black person to an ape nods to a historically rooted yet increasingly emboldened far-right hate movement whose chosen figurehead, Donald Trump, is the president of the United States. Because it is our collective responsibility to not let that movement win, to fight to be a better country, and right now cultural power is all we have.
Perhaps more significantly, “Roseanne” was canceled because it is bad for business (for now) when your prime-time family sitcom's star sounds like David Duke — just as it will eventually become bad for the N.F.L.'s business to punish black players for protesting police brutality.
Disclosure: I had my own bizarre and unpleasant run-in with Barr in the summer of 2013. I'd appeared on a TV show to talk about political correctness (specifically rape jokes) in comedy, and Barr became convinced that I was the P.C. police. She tweeted a video I'd made about the online harassment that I was receiving (sample: “This big bitch is bitter that no one wants to rape her”) and described me as a “female advocating censorship of comedy.”
I tried to explain, it didn't work, and things devolved from there in the way they typically do on Twitter. Eventually, in disbelief, I had to block Roseanne Barr. I loved Roseanne Barr. This was not how I'd imagined our first encounter. And she never forgot. Every once in a while, even five years later, she occasionally tweets, “Lindy West is a fat bitch.”
The term “political correctness” (much like the slimy “pro-life”) is a right-wing neologism, a tactical bending of reality, an attempt to colonize the playing field, a bluff to lure dupes into dignifying propaganda. True to form, the credulous left adopted it wholesale in the early '90s, electively embroiling us in three decades of bad-faith “debate” over whether discouraging white people from using racial slurs constitutes government censorship. Of course it doesn't. Debate over. Treating anti-P.C. arguments as anything but a shell game props up the lie that it is somehow unfair to identify and point out racism, let alone fight to eradicate it. Pointing out and fighting to eradicate racism is how we build the racism-free world that all but racists profess to want.
The anti-P.C. set deliberately frames political correctness as a sovereign entity, separate from real human beings — like an advisory board or a nutritional label or a silly after-school club that one can heed or ignore with no moral implications — as though if we simply reject political correctness we can still have “Roseanne.” But the reality is that there's no such thing as political correctness — it's a rhetorical device to depersonalize oppression.
The House justice committee has deemed sufficient the grounds cited in the impeachment complaint against Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno, clearing the way for the case to proceed to the next stage.
The panel, by a 25-2 vote, found that the complaint filed by lawyer Lorenzo Gadon satisfied the requirement of sufficiency of grounds under House impeachment rules, despite the objections of some lawmakers who questioned whether the listed offenses were even impeachable.
Gadon has accused Sereno of, among other charges, failing to declare her real wealth, buying a luxury car with government funds and making questionable decisions without consulting her fellow magistrates.
ADVERTISEMENT
President Duterte said on Wednesday that he wanted to file a new impeachment complaint against Sereno aside from the one tackled on Thursday by the House justice committee and also to file an impeachment case against Ombudsman Conchita Carpio Morales.
Mr. Duterte earlier accused Sereno and Morales of allowing themselves to be used to discredit his administration. Both officials have denied any wrongdoing.
“We are disappointed that the committee approved the complaint on sufficiency of grounds because of the simple reason, as we have repeatedly said, that there is not enough basis,” said Sereno's lawyer, Josa Deinla.
Probable cause
The next stage is the determination of probable cause, referring to reasonable suspicion that the respondent may be guilty of the charges.
If probable cause is determined, the articles of impeachment derived from the impeachment grounds will be submitted to the plenary for approval.
A vote of one-third of the 293 members of the House of Representatives sends the impeachment articles to the Senate, whose members will serve as judges in a public trial.
In determining sufficiency of grounds, Oriental Mindoro Rep. Reynaldo Umali, the committee chair, said the panel was supposed to “take into consideration not only the complaint but the answer, reply and
ADVERTISEMENT
rejoinder” earlier filed by Sereno's lawyers and Gadon.
Committee members, according to Umali, were supposed to answer the question: “Based on the pleadings filed, are there sufficient grounds for the impeachment of Sereno or are there grounds to conduct further hearings thereon?”
Ethical issues
In questioning the grounds in the Gadon complaint, Dinagat Islands Rep. Kaka Bag-ao cited portions in the complainant's verified answer to Sereno's reply, in which Gadon admitted that the Chief Justice's supposed transgressions were ethical and that propriety issues did not violate any law, let alone the Constitution.
For instance, Bag-ao noted that the Chief Justice, along with the President, the Vice President and other top officials, were exempt from the prohibition on the purchase of luxury vehicles. Thus, the lawmaker said the allegation that Sereno misused government funds by buying a Toyota Land Cruiser for her personal use was empty.
Bag-ao said Gadon, too, had acknowledged that Sereno's supposed acts of taking business-class flights were not legal but were issues of propriety.
Sereno's supposed manipulation of the short list of vacancies in the judiciary, as well as the decisions and processes of the Judicial and Bar Council were “internal” to the court, the lawmaker said.
“He has many allegations [that] he only says are ‘evidentiary and will be established later.' Why should we not dismiss this on insufficiency of grounds?” Bag-ao said of Gadon.
Quezon City Rep. Jose Christopher Belmonte raised a couple of other points against the Gadon complaint, arguing it failed to establish his allegations, including the charge that Sereno had falsified a temporary restraining order.
But Bag-ao's and Belmonte's objections were for naught in the face of the majority.
Albay Rep. Edcel Lagman and Bayan Muna Rep. Carlos Zarate, both of whom are not members of the committee, attempted to interpose objections and manifestations during the hearing, but were overruled.
This led to a back-and-forth about whether nonmembers had the right to participate in the deliberations, prompting Umali to ask members to submit their position papers on the matter before making a decision.
Confronting witnesses
The House panel also discussed two letters sent by Sereno's lawyers invoking her right to confront and cross-examine through her counsel the witnesses who would testify against her.
Majority Leader Rodolfo Fariñas took exception to the lawyers' use of simple letters to address the committee chair in raising their request, saying the panel should not even take action on the communications.
Again, Umali sought position papers from the members.
Belmonte, for his part, indicated his decision to make a motion allowing Sereno's lawyers to cross-examine witnesses on her behalf. He cited the House's own impeachment rules that allowed direct and cross-examination of witnesses.
Shame
Deinla said it was a shame that the House committee did not take up the letters “on the mere basis of a technicality,” considering the legal and substantial points raised in them.
In a statement, Gadon said Sereno should just resign to “preserve her dignity and avoid the embarrassment and humiliation of the trial.”
He said he was “very elated” by the House committee's vote.
If impeached, Sereno would be the second Chief Justice to suffer such a fate following her predecessor, the late Renato Corona, who was impeached in December 2011 and found guilty by the Senate in May 2012 for failing to disclose his real wealth in his statement of assets, liabilities and net worth.
Corona died of a heart attack in April last year.
NATE. Hurricane aims for New Orleans, on swift schedule. “The storm, which is predicted to intensify into a hurricane, should make landfall between late Saturday night or early Sunday morning. Damaging winds and flooding threaten the region from roughly Morgan City, La., to Pensacola, Fla.”
HARVEY WEINSTEIN. Is a complete creep: “An investigation by The New York Times found previously undisclosed allegations against Mr. Weinstein stretching over nearly three decades, documented through interviews with current and former employees and film industry workers, as well as legal records, emails and internal documents from the businesses he has run, Miramax and the Weinstein Company.During that time, after being confronted with allegations including sexual harassment and unwanted physical contact, Mr. Weinstein has reached at least eight settlements with women, according to two company officials speaking on the condition of anonymity.”
ISLANDS IN THE STREAM. Miley Cyrus and Jimmy Fallon recreate Dolly Parton and Kenny Rogers's duet.
DONALD JR. Trumpkin blasts liberal “fascists” in speech: ‘Speaking at a benefit dinner for Faulkner University, President Trump's eldest son said that statements such as “we need borders” or “our founders were great people” had become hate speech on some college campuses.'
CHIEF OF STAFF. John Kelly's phone breached last December: “Tech support staff discovered the suspected breach after Kelly turned his phone in to White House tech support this summer complaining that it wasn't working or updating software properly. Kelly told the staffers the phone hadn't been working properly for months, according to the officials. White House aides prepared a one-page September memo summarizing the incident, which was circulated throughout the administration.”
PUERTO RICO. Death toll doubles after Trump visit.
BIRTH CONTROL. Trump restricting access: ‘On Friday, the departments of Health and Human Services, Treasury and Labor issued “interim final rules” to make more entities exempt from providing plans that cover contraceptives without a copayment. They will create what a senior HHS official described as limited exemptions for organizations that have a sincerely held religious or moral objection to providing birth control coverage.'
TIM MURPHY. Anti-abortion congressman to resign after it was revealed he encouraged his girlfriend to get an abortion: “The Pennsylvania Republican's about-face came after House GOP leaders and senior Republicans upped the pressure on Murphy to step down. Republican sources familiar with Murphy's thinking said the married father of one child initially believed he could weather a story in the Pittsburgh Post Gazette, revealing he had sent a series of text messages to his girlfriend — a psychologist half his age — encouraging her to have an abortion. Murphy has been a strongly anti-abortion lawmaker during his 15 years in Congress.”
THRILL OF IT ALL. Sam Smith announces album release date, track list, and tour dates.
ALMOST LIKE PRAYING. Lin-Manuel Miranda and Marc Anthony, Ruben Blades, Camila Cabello, Pedro Capo, Dessa, Gloria Estefan, Fat Joe, Luis Fonsi, Juan Luis Guerra, Alex Lacamoire, John Leguizamo, Jennifer Lopez, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Rita Moreno, Ednita Nazario, Joell Ortiz, Anthony Ramos, Gina Rodriguez, Gilberto Santa Rosa, PJ Sin Suela, Tommy Torres, Ana Villafañe in benefit for Puerto Rico hurricane victims.
DETROIT. Conservative residents are unhappy about a gay hook-up billboard in their neighborhood.
A controversial billboard on McNichols, just east of I 75, advertising for male hook ups. @WWJ950 @FOX2Detroit pic.twitter.com/CjQ09xlQx1 — Charlie Langton (@charlielangton) October 6, 2017
HIGHLIGHT OF THE DAY.Will schools a new generation of gay on where his rights came from on Will & Grace.
NEW TUNE OF THE DAY. Maroon 5 and Julia Michaels “Help Me Out”.
FRIDAY FLASH. Antonin the 2nd.
Zero animals were killed to shoot this A post shared by antonin_the2nd (@antonin_the2nd) on Sep 4, 2017 at 11:11am PDT
You definitely seduced me Barcelona #barcelona A post shared by antonin_the2nd (@antonin_the2nd) on Aug 17, 2017 at 7:04am PDT
Preview of "Back to basics" serie by @vincentflouret A post shared by antonin_the2nd (@antonin_the2nd) on Dec 30, 2016 at 10:43am PST
NEW YORK — The Laurie M. Tisch Illumination Fund has pledged $10 million to fund arts programs focused on mental health issues in New York City.
The New York Times reports that the goals include improving the lives of those with dementia and Alzheimer's disease. They also aim to fight the stigma around mental illnesses and help people overcome trauma.
Tisch says the initiative will likely grow, especially after her foundation is bolstered by the proceeds of a Christie's auction of her parents' $80 million art collection next month.
Her father was Preston Robert Tisch, the investor who bought half of the New York Giants in 1991. Her mother was the philanthropist Joan Tisch.
——
Information from: The New York Times, http://www.nytimes.com
JERUSALEM — Palestinian officials say a 19-year-old has been killed in clashes with the Israeli military in the West Bank.
The health ministry says Ahmad Abu-Obeid was shot in the head Saturday during a stone-throwing confrontation near the northern West Bank town of Jenin. The Red Crescent says five other protesters were injured by rubber-coated bullets in the same incident.
The Israeli military had no immediate comment about the casualty, but said it was looking into reports of the injuries.
The military has been conducting arrests raids in the Jenin area in search of the killer of a West Bank settler earlier this month.
Israel had vowed to track down the killers of Rabbi Raziel Shevah, 35, who was shot multiple times from a passing vehicle as he drove.
Meningitis: Nigeria not out of the woods yet — Prof Tomori
By Chioma Obinna
Days after the Federal Government declared that it had contained the Serotype C strain of Cerebral Spinal Meningitis, CSM, renowned Professor of Virology and former Vice chancellor of Redeemer's University, Prof. Oyewale Tomori, has said Nigeria was not yet out of the woods.
Tomori, who is also a member of the United State National Academy of Science, said the country was still in what he described as “the thick jungle” of the epidemic.
In a chat with Vanguard, Tomori posited that now that efforts had been made to identify the type of agent causing the outbreak, the country must prepare immediately to stockpile vaccines and antibiotics in preparation for possible outbreak next year.
He said: “How well we succeed with the current vaccination will, to a large extent, determine the magnitude of future outbreaks. If we cover a substantially large number of our population with the vaccine, improve our surveillance and ensure proper care of cases, then we may be free of huge outbreaks in years to come.
“But knowing our country, as soon as we take care of the current outbreak, or the disease burns itself out, we will pack up bags and baggage and return to battling with the common issues of our national life: non-payment of salaries, strident whistle blowing exhuming illegally acquired millions of naira, pounds and dollars, and wait for the next recurring decimation by disease outbreaks.
“We currently do not have enough vaccines to cover the population in the states reporting the outbreak.”
It is still possible that there may be cases reported from other states. Add to that the “wickedness” of some unscrupulous health workers who are charging for vaccines that should be given free.
‘'One good aspect of the disease is that it is treatable, therefore we need to get antibiotics to treat and care for affected cases in different parts of the country.”
Noting that the government was taking appropriate steps to contain the outbreak, Prof. Tomori further cautioned those in authority over dangerous statements that might jeopardise gains already made so far.
“Now that we have made efforts t
The post Meningitis: Nigeria not out of the woods yet — Prof Tomori appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “activate now” button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
BOSTON — Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski says he is returning for his ninth NFL season.
Gronkowski made the announcement in a post on Instagram Tuesday . Gronkowski said he met with coach Bill Belichick to inform him of his intention to return, adding he's “been working out, staying in shape and feel great.”
Gronk previously hinted at considering retirement following New England's Super Bowl loss to the Eagles in February.
He appeared in 14 games during the 2017 season and led the team in receiving with 69 catches for 1,084 yards and eight touchdowns.
Gronkowski was knocked out of last season's AFC championship game with a concussion, but was able to return in time for the Super Bowl. He missed the Patriots' 2017 Super Bowl win over Atlanta after undergoing back surgery.
——
More AP NFL: https://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–NFL
February is Black History Month! To celebrate, several events are happening in the Baton Rouge area to commemorate the culture and traditions of African-Americans and their impact on United States history.
To have an event added to the list, please email news@wafb.com.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
If nothing else, Donald Trump's recent decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital shows how disenthralled his administration is with traditional pieties about the Middle East. It's about time.
One piety is that “Mideast peace” is all but synonymous with Arab-Israeli peace. Seven years of upheaval, repression, terrorism, refugee crises and mass murder in Libya, Egypt, Yemen, Iraq and Syria have put paid to that notion.
Another piety is that only an Israeli-Palestinian peace deal could reconcile the wider Arab world to the Jewish state. Yet relations between Jerusalem and Riyadh, Saudi Arabia; Cairo; Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates; and Manama, Bahrain, are flourishing as never before, even as the prospect of a Palestinian state is as remote as ever.
Relations between Jerusalem and Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE, Bahrain are flourishing
A third is that intensive mediation by the United States is essential to progress on the ground. Yet recent American involvement — whether at the Camp David summit in 2000 or John Kerry's efforts in 2013 — has had mostly the opposite effect: diplomatic failure, followed by war.
Which brings us to Jerusalem, and the piety that pretending it isn't what it is can be a formula for anything except continued self-delusion.
What Jerusalem is is the capital of Israel, both as the ancestral Jewish homeland and the modern nation-state. When Richard Nixon became the first American president to visit the country in 1974, he attended his state dinner in Jerusalem. It's where President Anwar Sadat of Egypt spoke when he decided to make peace in 1977. It's what Congress decided as a matter of law in 1995. When Barack Obama paid his own presidential visit to Israel in 2013, he too spent most of his time in Jerusalem.
So why maintain the fiction that Jerusalem isn't the capital?
Why maintain the fiction that Jerusalem is not the capital?
The original argument, from 1947, was that Jerusalem ought to be under international jurisdiction, in recognition of its religious importance. But Jews were not allowed to visit the Western Wall during the 19 years when East Jerusalem was under Jordanian occupation. Yasser Arafat denied that Solomon's Temple was even in Jerusalem, reflecting an increasingly common Palestinian denial of history.
Would Jews be allowed to visit Jewish sites, and would those sites be respected, if the city were redivided? Doubtful, considering Palestinian attacks on such sites, which is one of the reasons why it shouldn't be.
The next argument is that any effort by Washington to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital would set the proverbial Arab street on fire and perhaps lead to another intifada.
This misapprehends the nature of the proverbial Arab street
But this misapprehends the nature of the street, which has typically been a propaganda tool of Arab leaders to channel domestic discontent and manipulate foreign opinion. And it also misrepresents the nature of the last intifada, which was a meticulously preplanned event waiting for a convenient pretext (Ariel Sharon's September 2000 walk on the Temple Mount) to look like a spontaneous one.
Finally there's the view that recognition is like giving your college freshman a graduation gift: a premature reward for an Israeli government that hasn't yet done what's needed to make a Palestinian state possible.
But this also gets a few things wrong. It will have no effect on whether or how a Palestinian state comes into being, whatever the current histrionics in Ramallah. And it's not much of a bargaining chip, since most Israelis couldn't care less where the embassy is ultimately located.
Then again, recognition does several genuinely useful things.
It belatedly aligns American words with deeds. It aligns word as well as deed with reality. And it aligns the United States with the country toward which we are constantly professing friendship even as we have spent seven decades stinting it of the most basic form of recognition.
Recognition does several genuinely useful things
Recognition also tells the Palestinians that they can no longer hold other parties hostage to their demands. East Jerusalem could have been the capital of a sovereign Palestinian state 17 years ago, if Arafat had simply accepted the terms at Camp David. He didn't because he thought he could dictate terms to stronger powers. Nations pay a price for the foolhardiness of their leaders, as the Kurds recently found out.
Peace and a Palestinian state will come when Palestinians aspire to create a Middle Eastern Costa Rica — pacifist, progressive, neighborly and democratic — rather than another Yemen: by turns autocratic, anarchic, fanatical and tragic.
For the international community, that means helping Palestinians take steps to dismantle their current klepto-theocracy, rather than fueling a culture of perpetual grievance against Israel. Mahmoud Abbas is now approaching the 13th anniversary of his elected four-year term. Someone should point this out.
Hamas has run Gaza for a decade, during which it has spent more time building rockets and terror tunnels than hotels or hospitals. Someone should point this out, too. It is indicative of the disastrous political choices that help explain 70 years of Palestinian failure.
Meantime, Jerusalem is the capital of Israel. For those who have lived in denial, it must be some sort of shock.
GLENDALE, Ariz. — The reigning National League champion Dodgers are going to be without their red-headed slugger on opening day, and possibly for a while after.
Justin Turner has a broken left wrist after being hit by a pitch during Los Angeles' 3-1 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Monday night.
Turner was struck by a pitch from right-hander Kendall Graveman in the first inning. Last year's NLCS MVP grunted and winced as he jogged away from the plate toward the dugout, his hand hanging limp at his side. He was quickly visited by a trainer and replaced by Donovan Solano.
“I was hoping obviously the X-rays would be negative, but there's a small non-displaced fracture,” said Turner, who led the Dodgers last year by getting plunked 19 times. “We'll just play it by ear, see how it goes.”
General manager Farhan Zaidi said the team didn't know yet how long Turner would be out, but players with broken wrists usually miss several weeks. Turner says he'll visit the doctor again Tuesday to hopefully learn more.
With opening day just 10 days away, the Dodgers seem likely to slide Logan Forsythe to third base in Turner's absence, with Chase Utley or someone else assuming regular duty at second base.
“We're not as good of a team without J.T.,” Zaidi said, adding “We do feel good about our internal options. There are guys who can move around.”
The 33-year-old Turner hit .322 with 21 homers and 71 RBIs last season, though he missed time with a hamstring injury. He batted .333 with two homers in the NLCS against the Cubs, including a walk-off homer in Game 2.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
ALEXANDRIA, Va. — The first law enforcement officer in the U.S. ever to be charged with a terrorism offence is again scheduled for trial.
Jury selection begins Monday afternoon in federal court in Alexandria, Virginia, in the case against Nicholas Young, who was a police officer in the region's Metro system when he was arrested last year in a government sting.
Prosecutors say Young bought nearly $250 in gift cards he intended for the Islamic State group, giving the cards to an individual who turned out to be an FBI source.
Young's lawyers say the sting amounts to entrapment after their client was under surveillance for six years.
Documents show Young had been under surveillance since 2010.
The trial had been expected to begin last week but was delayed when new evidence emerged.
"This will be the first time everyone will have a chance to play the game (a moment we have long been anticipating!) and we can't wait to hear what you think about it," Sega wrote on Twitter. "We have many new plans to reveal over the coming weeks to give you all more insight into the series, so stay tuned!"
An important update on Yakuza 6 : The Song of Life pic.twitter.com/8MILlBPI4x — Yakuza Game (@yakuzagame) February 2, 2018
Yakuza 6 came out in Japan in late December, closing up series protagonist Kazuma Kiryu's vengeful storyline in the fictional Japanese town of Kamurocho. Yakuza is a third-person, open-world, action-heavy franchise known for its over-the-top characters and ridiculous side tasks. The Song of Life is the seventh game in the series -- the most recent installments to hit the US were Yakuza Kiwami, a remake of the first title, and Yakuza 0, a prequel that came to PS4 in January 2017 and was received warmly by fans and newcomers.
The PS4 won't be hurting for big games in April. God of War -- another big-name, single-player, PS4-exclusive game -- comes to Sony's console on April 20th. God of War is a major first-party title for Sony and the new game has held a starring role at the company's past two E3 press conferences.
TORONTO — Back in August 2006 when Mo Johnston was named Toronto FC's first head coach, the former Scottish standout player promised his MLS expansion team would be good from the get-go and that its stadium is “going to rock.”
He was right about BMO Field. But Toronto finished last in the 13-team league with a 6-17-7 record in its inaugural 2007 season. Ten years later and eight coaches later, it is MLS champion.
While soccer spans the globe, it can be a small world.
Johnston, whose off-field efforts as salesman for the fledgling Toronto franchise should not be forgotten, had perhaps already done a solid for TFC before signing on. In January 2006, as coach of the then-MetroStars, Johnston took a teenage forward named Jozy Altidore in the second round of the MLS SuperDraft.
Altidore, who chose to wear No. 17 to reflect where he went in the draft, scored 15 goals in 37 regular-season games for the renamed New York Red Bulls before leaving for Europe in 2008.
The U.S. international returned to MLS in 2015, becoming a major piece in the TFC puzzle. On Saturday, Altidore was named man of the match in Toronto's 2-0 MLS Cup final win over Seattle.
Altidore has scored 45 goals in 86 regular-season and playoff games for Toronto. His last two were game-winners in the Eastern Conference final and MLS Cup final.
The MetroStars fired Johnston on June 27, 2006. He was introduced as Toronto's coach less than two months later.
The 2006 draft had more Toronto connections.
Chivas USA coach Bob Bradley, father of current TFC captain Michael Bradley, traded the No. 1 pick to the MetroStars in return for the No. 5 selection and defender Jason Hernandez (a Toronto FC player today).
The MetroStars used that first pick to take defender Marvell Wynne, who would play 67 games for Toronto.
Bob Bradley, whom Johnston succeeded after he was fired by the MetroStars in October 2005, did more than OK in the 2006 draft. He used the fifth pick to take future U.S. international midfielder Sacha Kljestan.
Kljestan scored in a 2-0 win as Chivas spoiled Toronto's MLS debut on April 7, 2007. Chivas was coached by Predrag (Preki) Radosavljevic, who succeeded Bradley in charge of the Goats after he quit to become the U.S. coach.
Preki went on to become Toronto's fourth coach, leading the team to a 7-17-7 record in 2010 before he and Johnston, then director of soccer were fired that September.
——
Follow @NeilMDavidson on Twitter
TORONTO — Something that often happens to the Toronto Raptors on the road happened the other night in Washington.
The Raptors and Wizards got in a mild tussle, and some members of the D.C. crowd started chanting, “U-S-A! U-S-A!” Springsteen's Born in the U.S.A., then came on the PA system, since the Wizards' game operations crew is apparently oblivious to the fact that most of the Raptors are, themselves, born in the United States, and that the song is a Vietnam War protest song.
But this is the thing about the Raptors: there are at once a truly international team, heavy on Americans, but with key players also from Europe and Africa, and yet they are very much a team of Canada. It's why Americans shout pro-American things at the Americans who wear Raptors jerseys: they see this team as representing Somewhere Else.
And so, when that somewhere else was shattered by tragedy on Monday afternoon, the Toronto Raptors, the team from everywhere, spoke up for their adopted home.
“Everywhere I go I brag about this city,” said Masai Ujiri, the team president from Nigeria who played and worked in Europe for years and is on his second front-office stint in Toronto. “It's the safest place in the world, it's the best city in the world, and it's going to continue to be the best place and the best city.”
Ujiri said he was in a meeting on Monday afternoon when texts and messages from around the NBA started flooding his phone. He turned on the television to see the reports of dead and injured pedestrians struck by a van on a Yonge Street sidewalk. He's travelled enough to have been close to mass-casualty events before, and he said he's had times when his mother has been worried about some of the places he's gone for his job. Once, she gave him grief over such a trip when he was back home in Denver, where he was working at the time. Days later, a movie theatre in Aurora, Colorado, Denver's nearest Eastern suburb, was the scene of a mass shooting.
You could be anywhere, Ujiri said, and these things could happen. ”We must continue to live our lives and not be afraid,” he said.
Kyle Lowry, the star guard, said he thought about his children when he saw the “sickening” news. It could have been them, he said, echoing a thought shared by millions in this huge city in the hours since the news broke and everyone thought of the times that had walked that same sidewalk, in a busy stretch in Toronto's north end. Lowry said he was amazed by the video of the police officer who apprehended the suspect without firing a shot.
“I think in America he would have been shot up a few times,” he said. “Kudos to that officer.”
And, as the Raptors prepare for a crucial Game 5 at the Air Canada Centre on Wednesday night, they acknowledged that the events of Monday put recent playoff struggles in a different light.
“It was just this weekend I was talking to people in Washington about how safe Toronto is,” said coach Dwane Casey, who grew up in Kentucky during the civil-rights era, a time that was scary for different reasons. “It does put things in perspective. There are things much bigger than sport that are going on in the world, and right now in Toronto,” he said. “Hopefully sport can give a relief, a reprieve, some joy in our lives a little bit. It should lighten things up.”
If nothing else, it will be a distraction. The Maple Leafs served that role on Monday night, winning a home game to extend their playoff series, with Game 7 coming in Boston on Wednesday, as the Raptors will be tipping off at home against Washington. The Blue Jays are playing a couple of blocks away, too, and Toronto FC will be chasing a championship in Mexico on the same night. MLSE announced on Tuesday afternoon that there would be a joint Leafs-Raptors-TFC viewing party in Maple Leaf Square, outside the Air Canada Centre, on Wednesday night.
It won't help with the suffering of those involved, or with answers for why it happened, but all those games, one big cathartic party, will provide something else for Toronto to think about.
And for the Raptors, beset by questions after a two-game losing streak, Monday's events were a reminder that one can only get so worked up about aggressive defence and limiting turnovers.
“What we do doesn't really matter sometimes. I can't imagine what it would be like to be on that sidewalk,” Ujiri said. “My drive home, it's all I thought about was that, and the heaviness of it, but the next thing I thought about was I still know who we are, I still know what this city is.”
Ujiri may not have been here as long as some, but his pride in this place is evident. He said he knew it would carry on: “I still know that those kinds of things can never put a city, a country, like this down.”
• Email: sstinson@postmedia.com | Twitter: @scott_stinson
CHATHAM, Ont. — A truck driver has pleaded guilty to five charges arising from a fatal crash on Highway 401 last summer that claimed the lives of an Amherstburg, Ont., mother and her son.
Fifty-two-year-old Manjit Parmar of Brampton, Ont., pleaded guilty in a Chatham, Ont., court Wednesday to two counts of dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing death and three counts of dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing bodily harm.
Forty-two-year-old Lacie Brundritt and her son 14-year-old Kyle Brundritt, who were passengers in a pickup truck, died when a westbound tractor trailer collided with five vehicles that were stopped on the highway due to another crash on July 30, 2017.
The 39-year-old male driver of the pickup truck was taken to hospital with serious injuries and a 12-year-old boy was sent to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
Parmar will be sentenced in September.
(CKLW)
Barb Halpin, Boulder. At a public hearing on December 13, 2016 county staff requested a time period of just over four months to finalize and implement new oil and gas regulations based on direction given by the Board of County Commissioners.
The County Commissioners scheduled a public hearing for 2 p.m. on Tuesday, March 14, 2017 to consider a final draft of the regulations. In the meantime, a moratorium on new oil and gas development in Boulder County will remain in place through May 1, 2017.
County staff stated on December 13 that they would need time to research and draft many of the additional provisions requested by the Board and to prepare to implement and administer the regulations. In particular, staff must coordinate and hold staff trainings with involved departments and agencies, prepare application materials, handouts, and public information, develop fee and inspection schedules, coordinate with Industry on submission of applications, and coordinate with COGCC before the regulations go into effect.
For the purpose of completing the requested research, finalizing the regulations and implementing a plan to administer the new regulations, the Board extended the existing moratorium on new oil and gas development until May 1, 2017.
“Our residents, like this Board of County Commissioners, are deeply concerned about the negative impacts that fracking can have on the environment, public health, and the economy of Boulder County,” said Boulder County Board of Commissioners Chair, Elise Jones. “It is absolutely critical that we get this right so that we have the most comprehensive and protective set of regulations in the State in place before anything else happens.”
“The vast majority of comments we've received over the past few months and years reflect a profound interest by community members in banning fracking or enacting a lengthy moratorium on oil and gas development in Boulder County,” said Boulder County Commissioner Deb Gardner.
“Given the Colorado Supreme Court's rulings on preemption of state law over local law in this area, we do not believe it is feasible to continue to totally prevent oil and gas development in Boulder County. However, we will continue our efforts to rectify this situation at the state level, and, in the meantime, work to make sure that we use all of the authority we do have to ensure that the operations are as safe and environmentally responsible as possible.”
“We feel strongly aligned with the community in our desire to make sure that Boulder County has the strongest possible regulatory environment in in place to minimize the impacts from oil and gas development in our county,” said Boulder County Board of Commissioners Vice-Chair Cindy Domenico. “While we need to move ahead on a plan for developing and implementing regulations, we are actively considering studies that address the impacts of fracking on air, water, and public health, and requesting information from staff and other sources on a regular basis to help guide us in calibrating our regulations as we go forward.”
The Board initially adopted the current moratorium on May 19, 2016, and set an expiration date of November 18, 2016. That replaced a moratorium initially adopted in 2013 that extended through July 1, 2018.
The Board rescinded the longer moratorium after the Colorado Supreme Court announced two decisions overturning efforts by the municipalities of Fort Collins and Longmont to limit oil and gas drilling in the form of hydraulic fracturing (or fracking) within city limits, including imposing a lengthy moratorium.
The purpose of the current temporary moratorium is to provide the County enough time to review the land use code and adopt updates that address changes in state law and oil and gas drilling practices.
For more information about the county's role in oil and gas development, visit the county's Oil and Gas Development webpage.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
Pocket
LinkedIn
Email
Print
U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Monday as gains in technology and energy companies outweighed losses among makers of packaged foods and other consumer goods. The start of trading in Bitcoin futures helped lift shares in companies that accept the virtual currency. Oil prices rose.
KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 4 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 2,655 as of 10:07 a.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 37 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 24,366. The Nasdaq composite added 15 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 6,855. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks picked up 2 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 1,524.
CENTRAL BANK WATCH: Investors have their eye this week on the Federal Reserve, which is scheduled to issue an interest rate policy update on Wednesday. The Fed is expected to lift rates by 0.25 per cent. That would be the third interest rate hike by the central bank this year.
TECH SWELL: Gains among technology companies helped lift the market. Advanced Micro Devices rose 12 cents, or 1.2 per cent, to $10.06.
BITCOIN: Trading in Bitcoin futures began Sunday. They fell slightly in early trading Monday from their overnight high on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. The contract that expires in January was trading at $17,800. The price of an actual bitcoin has soared since it began the year below $1,000 and on Friday was at $16,551 on the private exchange Coindesk.
Overstock.com, which accepts Bitcoin, surged $7.63, or 16.9 per cent, to $52.70.
ICAHN DO IT: Xerox shares rose on news that Carl Icahn will nominate four directors to the company's board. One Xerox director linked to Icahn resigned as the activist investor called off a standstill agreement with Xerox that started in June 2016. Xerox added 18 cents, or 0.6 per cent, to $29.77.
UNAPPETIZING: Several packaged food and beverage stocks were trading lower. Hormel Foods slid 51 cents, or 1.4 per cent, to $36.73.
BONDS: Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.36 per cent from 2.38 per cent late Friday.
ENERGY: The price of oil edged up, with benchmark U.S. crude gaining 19 cents to $57.56 per barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, the international standard, rose 46 cents to $63.86 per barrel in London.
The pickup in oil prices helped boost energy sector stocks. Chesapeake Energy added 12 cents, or 3.3 per cent, to $3.80.
CURRENCIES: The dollar weakened to 113.42 yen from 113.51 yen late Friday. The euro rose to $1.1789 from $1.1768.
MARKETS OVERSEAS: In Europe, Germany's DAX was little changed, while the CAC 40 in France slipped 0.1 per cent. Britain's added 0.8 per cent. Earlier in Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index climbed 0.6 per cent, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index gained 1.0 per cent. The S&P ASX 200 in Australia edged 0.1 per cent higher. South Korea's Kospi picked up 0.3 per cent. India's Sensex rose 0.2 per cent. Shares in Southeast Asia also rose.
NEW YORK (AP) -- Darren Baker got scooped up by dad's team again.
The son of Washington manager Dusty Baker was drafted by the Nationals in the 27th round of the Major League Baseball draft Wednesday - 15 years after he first made headlines on the baseball diamond.
The younger Baker, now an 18-year-old shortstop at Jesuit High School in California, was just 3 when he was a bat boy for the San Francisco Giants, managed by his father, in the 2002 World Series. During Game 5 against the Angels, Darren Baker had run to the plate to pick up a bat when J.T. Snow scored - and David Bell was flying down the third-base line and heading home.
Snow quickly plucked Baker out of the way , a moment that instantly became a part of World Series lore.
The three-day draft concludes Wednesday night.
SAN JOSE, Calif. — One game after needing a dramatic comeback to win, the San Jose Sharks started fast and rolled to a lopsided victory.
Logan Couture scored in the first period and added two assists to eclipse 400 career points, and Aaron Dell made 25 saves as San Jose blanked Ottawa 5-0 on Saturday night to hand the Senators their third shutout in four games.
“I thought we really wanted to concentrate on having a good start,” Sharks coach Peter DeBoer said. “Obviously last game, getting down 3-0 early against Carolina wasn't the way we wanted to start here at home. I thought we fixed that tonight. I thought we had a great first period and that kind of set the tone for the night.”
San Jose gave up three quick goals Thursday to the Hurricanes before rallying from a 4-1 deficit to win 5-4 in overtime. On this night, the Sharks picked up where they left off and posted another five goals against Ottawa.
Tomas Hertl, Joe Pavelski, Marc-Edouard Vlasic and Melker Karlsson scored the other goals for San Jose.
The Senators took more than 12 minutes to get a shot on goal and were thoroughly outplayed during their 11th loss in 12 games. After showing some grit in an overtime loss at Los Angeles on Thursday, Ottawa reverted back to its poor form in back-to-back shutout losses against Winnipeg and Anaheim.
“Obviously, right now we're not playing the way that we want to, we're not feeling the way we want to and we're trying to find a way out of the rut that we're in,” captain Erik Karlsson said. “Sometimes when that happens, you start overthinking stuff and making decisions that you don't want to make.”
Craig Anderson made 45 saves in his seventh straight defeat but got little help from his teammates.
Playing in place of regular starter Martin Jones, Dell was barely tested in the first two periods. His second shutout of the season was preserved when Vlasic knocked a puck off the goal line during a power play in the third period.
“He's been great every time he goes in the net,” Vlasic said. “We have a lot of confidence in him and he has confidence when he goes in. He doesn't play as much as Jonesy does, but when he's in it's like he's there every night.”
The Sharks broke the game open with two goals in the second. Vlasic beat Anderson from the point just seconds after a San Jose power play ended early in the period for his third of the season.
Joe Thornton and Pavelski then wore down Ottawa on a shift late in the period. Pavelski set up Karlsson, who was left alone in front for his fifth goal of the season to make it 3-0.
Pavelski and Hertl scored on power plays in the third. Couture assisted on both goals to give him 401 career points.
“It's nice to hit a milestone like that,” he said. “I've played with some very good players on the power play over the years.”
The Sharks had the first 10 shots on goal but were kept off the scoreboard thanks to a couple of big saves by Anderson. Pavelski hit the crossbar, too.
San Jose finally broke through shortly after Ottawa managed its first shot when Couture beat Anderson between the pads off a give-and-go with Kevin Labanc for his team-leading 15th goal of the season.
NOTES: Ottawa's Ryan Dzingel fought Marcus Sorensen early in the third period. Alexandre Burrows was given a fighting major and game misconduct later in the period after going at Dylan DeMelo with a stick to the face. … Sharks D Paul Martin (ankle) was sent to the AHL on a conditioning assignment. Martin played Thursday in his first game since Oct. 7.
UP NEXT
Senators: Visit the Buffalo Sabres on Tuesday night.
Sharks: Host the Minnesota Wild on Sunday night.
——
More AP NHL hockey at https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Kutztown University of Pennsylvania has agreed to stop censoring student speech based on “content” after an employee was caught erasing a student group's pro-life chalk messages.
University officials maintained that the incident was simply a misunderstanding in a statement provided to The Washington Post, but confirmed that the school's speech policies have been revised to “better reflect our support for free speech.”
"The incident in March involving a right-to-life group was simply a misunderstanding..."
Members of the university's Students for Life chapter encountered a school employee washing their messages away during National Pro-Life Chalk Day in March, only to be told that the employee was “just following orders” when the students objected.
[RELATED: Pro-lifers demand that Kutztown stop stifling their speech]
School policy broadly permits chalking on “sidewalks and other uncovered walkways,” but imposes restrictions on content that is “incompatible with the University's Statement on Non-Discrimination,” prompting attorneys at the Alliance Defending Freedom (ADF) to send a letter to the administration pointing out that the U.S. Supreme Court has deemed such content-based restrictions “presumptively unconstitutional” unless the government can show that they “are narrowly tailored to serve compelling state interests.”
In its response, Kutztown insisted that it “supports free speech, including through our posting and chalking policy,” claiming that its revised chalking policies are intended to prevent the sort of “misunderstanding” that led an employee to erase the pro-life messages.
“The incident in March involving a right-to-life group was simply a misunderstanding as the messages were erased during campus cleaning,” the statement explained. “When the university administration became aware of the situation, the group was immediately informed that it has every right to chalk its messages on our campus.”
[RELATED: Lawsuit: Queens treats pro-lifers like ‘second-class citizens']
ADF officials praised the policy revisions in a press release Monday, even as they appeared to indicate skepticism regarding the school's explanation.
“Under the initial guidelines, the university could have censored a huge number of messages that officials didn't find palatable, and that's what happened with Students for Life,” ADF Senior Counsel Casey Mattox pointed out. “The new policy ensures that won't happen again to anyone.”
“Too frequently we see that public colleges and universities feel they can engage in censorship of a student group just because officials don't agree with the viewpoint of those students,” added Kristan Hawkins, president of Students for Life of America. “Playing favorites while stifling free speech is, sadly, an all-too-common response of abortion advocates who prefer to silence opposition rather than have a free exchange of ideas.”
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @MrDanJackson
In his new book, 12 Rules for Life: An Antidote to Chaos, Peterson draws on everything from neuroscience to the Old Testament to his well-known controversial views
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Author: Zahra Moussavi, Professor of Biomedical Engineering, University of Manitoba
It was a sunny and pleasant spring day in Dezful, a small city in the south part of Iran. There were not many people on the street but I remember a young teenager pedalling slowly on his bike. I remember him because a moment later he was decapitated by a piece of metal when an Iraqi missile hit the neighbourhood.
His headless body pedalled for a while before falling to the ground. Everything in that moment registered in my brain like a scene in slow motion.
In shock, all I was thinking was: “Wow! How can the body balance without the brain? The body's motion must have also been programmed in the spinal cord!”
It was spring of 1981 and I was 20 at the time, a second year university student with no background in biology or human physiology. A year earlier, I wanted to become a nuclear physicist and work on a Nobel Prize winning project. Then the war between Iran and Iraq started and the universities closed. I went to the Red Cross and to hospitals to learn first aid and then to the fronts to help with the war casualties.
The war scenes — and particularly the teenage cyclist on that particular day — made me decide to become a biomedical engineer.
Engineering knowledge, medical problems
Biomedical Engineering (BME) is now one of the fastest growing fields. Molecular Biology advances were the first modern revolution. Genomics was the second. Now the convergence of the life sciences and engineering as Biomedical Engineering is referred to as the third revolution.
But what is BME? And who can be called a biomedical engineer? The simplest and most informative definition is this: BME is the application of engineering knowledge and skills to challenging medical problems.
We can learn from examples. One of my heroes is the late Dr. Paul Bach-y-Rita, a physician and researcher at Wisconsin University. When young Paul had just started his engineering studies, a friend of his father told him he could never become a physician. To prove that friend wrong, Paul quit engineering and went to study medicine. Thus, he became a medical doctor with an engineering mind.
Dr. Bach-y-Rita created two major life-changing technologies: one was for a woman with complete lack of balance; the other was for the blind to see again. In both of his great inventions, he used the tongue as the sensory input.
He used the brain's plasticity to rewire the brain to use tongue nerve signals instead of vestibular (balance) signals and instead of eyes. I encourage you to read about his technologies on vestibular replacement and the “seeing tongue.”
Medical devices for sleep apnea
A biomedical engineer must be multilingual, as every field of science has its own lingo. For example, in my team, we develop medical devices for diagnosis and treatment of sleep apnea. It is not enough to have electronics knowledge and skill; one must also have in-depth knowledge of upper airway physiology, sleep apnea pathophysiology and the characteristics of the signals that are being recorded.
That is why I am a firm believer that a biomedical engineer must have experience in the recording and analysis of basic human biological signals — such as those of the muscles, heart, brain and respiration.
Design of medical devices for diagnosis and rehabilitation is only one of many different research fields in which BME is pushing the boundaries. However, advances in science occur in incremental steps.
As an example, electrocardiography (ECG) is now the very first vital signal recorded and monitored in most clinical routines. Yet it took many scientists experimenting over many years, from Galvani's famous electricity experiment on frogs' legs in 1786, until the construction of the first commercialized ECG device in the 20th century by Einthoven (who subsequently received the Nobel Prize in Medicine).
Customised prosthetics and robotic devices
Not every biomedical engineer has to become a researcher. A biomedical engineer may work and serve society in many different ways and the job market is growing rapidly. An analysis from the US Bureau of Labor Statistics projects employment in biomedical engineering to grow 23 per cent from 2014 to 2024 — much faster than other occupations.
Biomedical engineers are also involved in performance testing of new and proposed products. Government positions often involve product-testing and establishing safety standards for devices. In hospitals, biomedical engineers can advise on selection, use and maintenance of medical equipment or life-support systems. They also build customized devices for special health care or research needs including prosthetic and robotic devices to increase quality of life.
In research institutions, biomedical engineers supervise laboratories and equipment. They can direct research activities in collaboration with colleagues in medicine, physiology, pharmaceuticals, nursing and other engineering disciplines.
Some biomedical engineers are technical advisors for marketing departments of companies or in management positions. Others take more advanced training in fields such as medicine to bridge particular deficiencies in the increasingly integrated approach to health care.
One student-centered graduate program
At the University of Manitoba, we designed our graduate BME program as a multidisciplinary initiative involving the faculties of engineering, medicine and science. We accept students with backgrounds in engineering or science and train them to become biomedical engineers.
The main innovation of this program is not its concept nor its content – there are many other similar programs in North America – but its functional interdisciplinary design. Another is its admission's flexibility: the program admits students from a wide variety of backgrounds, and tailors each student's program to their needs.
The main research areas of the program include but are not limited to: medical instrumentation and sensors, biological signal processing, biomedical image processing and reconstruction, gait analysis and rehabilitation, biophotonics, orthopaedic mechanics, neurocognitive science and non-invasive diagnosis of neurological disorders.
Why study in such a program? As I always say to my new graduate students: our research can bring us fame but we do not work for fame; our research can bring us money but that is not our incentive either; we do biomedical engineering because humanity needs it.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/a-war-made-me-realize-the-world-needs-bi https://theconversation.
Retired Lieutenant-General Roméo Dallaire was blunt in his assessment.
“I wouldn't touch Mali with a 10-foot pole,” he told me in fall 2016 after returning from a fact-finding trip to Africa with Defence Minister, Harjit Sajjan.
Yet, fully armed with the facts, Sajjan announced Monday that Mali is indeed where Canadian Forces will be heading, nearly two years after Chief of the Defence Staff Gen. Jonathan Vance said a deployment to Africa would happen “very soon.” Maybe they were hoping peace would break out in the interim.
Even with all that planning time, they couldn't get it right. Sajjan said Canada's “smart pledge” will involve sending two Chinook helicopters and four-armed Griffon helicopters to escort them, as part of its aviation task-force. Vance took the microphone minutes later to say the number of helicopters being assigned is subject to further reconnaissance.
Canada's top soldier may not want to dissect the political motives behind the operation too closely — he might find the deployment is more about image management than national security.
In an interview Monday Dallaire said he is more comfortable with the idea of the Canadian Forces playing a support role than putting peacekeepers on the ground. “To me, this is the first step into a new generation of peacekeeping in Africa — a support role that is absolutely essential, helicopters that will be force-multipliers. So it is a useful engagement,” he said.
But his initial reticence is understandable. Mali is the most dangerous UN mission in the world. One hundred and sixty two blue helmets have died and, according to a former UN assistant secretary general, 80 per cent of the force's resources are spent on self-protection from northern separatists and Islamic extremists.
“The United Nations in Mali is day-to-day marching into its first quagmire,” Anthony Banbury wrote two years ago in the New York Times.
The most recent report by Jean-Pierre Lacroix, the UN's under-secretary general for peacekeeping, was scarcely more optimistic. “We are facing increased insecurity,” Lacroix told the UN, characterized by worsening human rights, food insecurity and daring attacks on mission forces, mainly from Burkina Faso, Bangladesh, Chad and Senegal.
Dallaire's preference was a mission to the Central African Republic, where there are at least the foundations of peace on which to build. It's not clear why CAR was rejected in favour of Mali — beyond the appeal by allies like Germany and the Netherlands, which have provided helicopters in the past.
But this is a decision that has ominous implications, not only for the men and women being deployed but also for the political fortunes of the Liberal government that is sending them.
The plan fails to articulate how the deployment to West Africa is in the national interest, Conservative defence critic James Bezan said Monday. There is a case to be made that the Mali commitment is being made to combat international jihadism, but Sajjan and Freeland didn't make it during their press conference. “It's actually about Justin Trudeau's selfish political ambition to win a seat at the UN security council,” said Bezan. “He's using our troops as pawns in his own political game.”
Of course, Bezan would say that. Many will dismiss his comments as a typical partisan smear. Except, there is more than a crumb of truth to them.
Winning the security council seat, after the Conservatives failed to do so, has been a foreign policy priority for the Trudeau government — a sign that “Canada is back.” A one-year commitment by Canada is not likely to make an appreciable difference to the broader mission but it does fulfil a Liberal electoral promise and improves the prospects of winning the seat.
Global Affairs minister Chrystia Freeland, downplayed the grubby brokerage aspect of the announcement, pointing out that Canada believes strongly in an international rules-based order that requires confronting instability and conflict around the world. “We are very aware of the complexity and the difficulty of the situation (in Mali),” she said.
But for a government that proclaims itself prepared, the plan has the back-of-an-envelope feel to it.
“In the coming days, the government will register its pledge with the UN and the Canadian Armed Forces will begin their planning process,” the official release said.
In addition, there remain many unanswered questions that should be tackled by ministers in a debate in the House of Commons, followed by a vote. What are the rules of engagement for Canadians flying into a war-zone? Could the mission be extended beyond 12 months? What is the chain of command? Is this just the first phase of a number of deployments?
The number of personnel being sent to Mali was not released Monday but Canada has committed to 600 peacekeepers and 150 police to UN missions. It is Dallaire's distinct impression that further forces will be deployed elsewhere in Africa over time.
The cause is noble, no doubt. But it is risky for peacekeepers and politicians alike. The Dutch defence minister was forced to resign last October, after two troops died in a training exercise.
Freeland said that, as a candidate in 2015, she heard at the doors of her constituency that Canadians were enthusiastic about a mission.
But such testimony should be taken lightly. For one, her Toronto riding encompasses the bleeding hearts of Rosedale and the Annex (in favour, as long as someone else is doing the bleeding); for another, that was two-and-a-half years ago, when the Liberals were considerably more popular than they are now.
In sum, Trudeau's government has dithered for two years before agreeing to send Canadian Forces into the most dangerous UN combat mission in the world.
If it goes badly, blandishments about “the international rules-based order” will get less purchase than allegations about “Trudeau's selfish political ambition.”
• Email: jivison@nationalpost.com | Twitter: IvisonJ
University of Ilorin announces post of Vice Chancellor vacant
The University of Ilorin has announced its plan to appoint a new Vice chancellor for the institution. This was announced by the secretary of the University Governing Council, Dada Obafemi,in a statement obtained by PREMIUM TIMES on Monday, said the post of the Vice chancellor will be vacant from October 16. “Therefore, in accordance with …
The post University of Ilorin announces post of Vice Chancellor vacant appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Santa Clara PD requested trains hold out of Santa Clara due to police activity. #NB155 holding at Santa Clara#SB150 holding at Lawrence#NB257 holding at Diridon. #Caltrain — Caltrain (@Caltrain) March 19, 2018
Santa Clara police have authorized Caltrain to resume normal operations after responding to a call of a distraught woman at the overpass of De La Cruz Boulevard, according to a police spokesman.Capt. Wahid Kazem said that the woman has been comforted by county mental health experts and is being taken in for treatment.Police cars were still blocking an on-ramp by De La Cruz Boulevard as of 3:10 p.m., but Kazem said they were in the process of clearing the scene.
JAMB orders over 62,140 candidates to rewrite UMTE over examination malpractice
At least 62,140 candidates will have to re-write university admission examinations as the Joint Examination and Matriculation Board, JAMB, has delisted computer-based centres (CBT) from board examination as a result of technical deficiencies, extortion, organised examination malpractice and other infractions. The board also suspended 24 centres for one year due to technical issues. It said …
The post JAMB orders over 62,140 candidates to rewrite UMTE over examination malpractice appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Toronto police are searching for a suspect after an early morning shooting left one person injured in the city's downtown.
Officers say up to six men got into a dispute shortly before 3 a.m. Tuesday, near the intersection of King Street West and Portland Street.
They allege one of the men drew a gun and fired nine shots during the dispute, hitting another man once in the hip.
Police say the victim was deemed to be in life-threatening condition by emergency responders at the scene of the shooting, but was upgraded to serious condition after being treated in hospital.
Officers say they have no description of the shooter, but they believe he is violent, armed and dangerous.
They are asking anyone who witnessed the shooting or has information about the suspect to contact them.
The victim is one of 11 people shot in Toronto since late last week — many of them in the city's busy downtown core.
Police say a driver near Shuter and George Streets took a shotgun out of her trunk and opened fire at a pedestrian Friday morning, injuring the 21-year-old woman and a 69-year-old man on a bike.
Two people from the city's rap scene were killed in a daylight shooting on Queen Street West on Saturday — Jahvante Smart, 21, also known as Smoke Dawg, and Ernest Modekwe, 28, both of Toronto. Police say a woman who was shot in the same incident is expected to recover.
Another four people were injured by gunshots late Sunday in Toronto's Kensington Market area.
Transcript for GOP memo on Russia inquiry released
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Emir Sanusi tasks northern leaders on girl-child education‎
The Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II, has called on Northern leaders to promote girl-child education in the region.
Sanusi made the call during the inauguration of Aminu Dabo College of Health Sciences laboratory complex in Kano on Monday.‎
‎‎He urged the leaders to give priority to female education as they did with their male counterparts.
‎‎”The people need to prioritise their commitment toward the education of female just like their male counterpart.‎
“We appeal to everybody, especially well- meaning individuals irrespective of party differences, to provide the environment to aid girl-child education,” he said.‎
The monarch also admonished the people of Kano to support each other and work as a team for the overall development of the state.
He commended the proprietor of the school for his foresight and contribution to the development of education in the state.‎
Earlier, the proprietor of the school, Alhaji Aminu Dabo, had said that the school was established two years ago to promote educational development in the state.
He said that 80 per cent of the institution's students' population was women.
Dabo added that the school would collaborate with Kwara University and another university in Malaysia for degree courses.
He commended the Kano Emir for his stance on girl-child education and also thanked him for honoring the invitation to the event.
The post Emir Sanusi tasks northern leaders on girl-child education‎ appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Sponsored by Intelex
Safety Management Systems help manufacturing organizations foster a culture of safety across their entire business with highly efficient reporting, easier incident investigation and better risk evaluation methods.
Ultimately, leveraging Safety Management Software puts money back in the pockets of manufacturers.
Do you know how much your organization can save with an SMS and how to calculate these savings?
Download this Free Whitepaper to find out.
You'll discover:
· The impact of an SMS on OSHA recordables, LTIs and DART rates
· How key safety KPIs can effect premiums
· How to build out your Safety Management Software ROI
· How much your organization can ultimately save with a robust SMS solution
DOWNLOAD NOW
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Longtime Philadelphia Democratic party leader won't seek re-election to U.S. House after allies indicted in payoff plot.
SAN ANTONIO — Joseph Kilgore scored nine of his 11 points in the second half as Texas A&M-Corpus Christi got off to a slow start before rallying in the second period for a 56-51 win over Incarnate Word on Saturday afternoon for its fourth straight victory.
Trailing 32-24 at the break, the Islanders tracked Incarnate Word until Kareem South, who finished with 11 points and nine rebounds, hit a jumper for a 45-44 lead with 7:06 remaining. It was their first lead since midway of the first half. Sean Rhea made four free throws and Myles Smith added one in the final 34 seconds to seal the win.
Kilgore now has 1,001 points in his career.
A&M-CC (8-12, 5-5) had lost six of its last seven games before winning four straight in Southland Conference play.
Incarnate Word (5-15, 0-10), which has lost 12 in a row, was led by Shawn Johnson and Charles Brown III with 14 points apiece.
By Yasmeen Abutaleb and Steve Holland
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Wednesday said he expects major drug companies to slash prices on their products in two weeks, but did not provide details on which companies would do so or the means by which they would provide such reductions.
"You're going to have some big news. I think we're going to have some of the big drug companies in two weeks said they're going to announce, because of what we did, they're going to announce voluntary massive drops in prices," Trump said at a signing ceremony for a new law making it easier for seriously ill people to try experimental treatments.
A Health and Human Services Department (HHS) spokeswoman said the agency had nothing else to share on Trump's comments because it didn't want to get ahead of any announcements.
Earlier this month, Trump unveiled the administration's plan to lower prescription drug prices, largely through regulatory authority, calling it "the most sweeping action in history" to reduce the cost of medicines for consumers.
But healthcare stocks rose as it became clear his administration avoided aggressive direct measures to cut prices.
HHS has yet to issue any new regulations or pilot programs to lower drug prices based on the new plan.
The NYSE Arca Pharmaceutical Index , comprised of major drugmakers, fell about a quarter of a percent just after Trump's comments on Wednesday. But it steadily recovered and was up 1.7 percent, close to the high for the day and up more than the broader S&P 500 Index.
It is exceedingly rare for drug companies to lower prices prior to facing competition from cheap generics.
Amid increased public and Congressional criticism over high drug prices, some companies pledged to voluntarily limit annual price increases to less than 10 percent. Previously, many drugmakers typically raised prices on prescription medicines twice a year, adding up to well over 10 percent.
As public pressure mounted, drug companies have blamed middlemen, including pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs) and health insurers, for not passing discounts and rebates they demand off high list prices to consumers.
PBMs and insurers have said they are part of the solution for lowering costs and blame pricing on drugmakers.
Trump campaigned on lowering drug prices and has said that pharmaceutical companies were "getting away with murder," but has since backed off that rhetoric.
PhRMA and BIO, the major lobby groups for the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, did not immediately respond to requests for comment on Trump's statement.
(Reporting by Yasmeen Abutaleb and Steve Holland; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Bill Berkrot)
MARTIN, Tenn. — Fatodd Lewis poured in a career-high 34 points, grabbed 16 rebounds and had 12 assists for his first triple-double and UT Martin defeated Cincinnati Clermont 127-92 on Sunday in a game where 3-pointers were flying.
The Skyhawks (3-7) launched 35 3-pointers, making 15 while Cincinnati Clermont put up 51 treys and made 21. Lewis was one of four Tennessee Martin players to reach career-high points. Parrish Hewitt scored 29 points and knocked down five 3-pointers, Lorenzen Wright Jr., scored 12 on four 3-pointers and Jailen Gill added 10 points and 10 rebounds.
Lewis set career highs in points, boards and assists, posting the fourth triple-double in UT Martin history. The 127 points was shy of the single-game scoring record by two points but is the highest score since the Skyhawks joined Division I in 1992.
The Cougars (6-5), who compete in the USCAA, were led by Chase Coomer's 22 points with six 3-pointers, Tommy Bingamon added 18 with four treys and Jamie Carson only shot from 3-point range, making five and scoring 15 points.
GREEN BAY, Wis. — Allie LeClaire scored 22 points, Jessica Lindstrom added 19 and No. 20 Green Bay won its 10th straight game, 75-68 over Wright State on Saturday.
Karly Murphy added 14 for the Phoenix (21-2, 11-1 Horizon) and Caitlyn Hibner had 11 points and a career-high 10 rebounds. Chelsea Welch scored 24 points and Mackenzie Taylor 17 for the Raiders (16-8, 7-5).
After a 3-pointer by Emily Vogelpohl gave Wright State a 45-38 lead to open the third quarter, the Raiders missed their next six shots. But a basket by Welch at the 4:04 mark put the Raiders on top 49-48. However, they missed their next 12 shots, Green Bay scored the first 10 points of the fourth quarter and held on, making 6 of 8 free throws in the last 30 seconds.
Wright State made 5 of 25 shots in the second half but was 14 of 18 from the foul line. Green Bay shot 60 per cent in the second half.
PORTLAND, Ore. — Carter Hart stopped 42 shots as the Everett Silvertips extended their win streak to eight games with a 2-1 victory over the Portland Winterhawks on Saturday in Western Hockey League aciton.
Hart has been nearly unbeatable this season. In 17 games, he's gone 13-3-1 with a 1.32 goals-against average and .961 save percentage. He also has five shutouts.
Bryce Kindopp scored the eventual winner at 6:22 of the second period for the Silvertips (18-12-2). Connor Dewar had the other.
John Ludvig scored for the Winterhawks (20-9-1), who are on a five-game slide.
Cole Kehler turned away 23-of-25 shots in a losing cause.
Everett went 1 for 4 on the power play while Portland failed to score on four chances with the man advantage.
—
WHEAT KINGS 7 ROCKETS 4
BRANDON, Man. — Tanner Kaspick and Stelio Mattheos had a goal and three assists apiece as the Wheat Kings beat Kelowna to extend their win streak to eight games.
Ty Lewis scored twice while Evan Weinger, Cole Reinhardt and Linden McCorrister rounded out the Brandon (22-7-1) offence. Logan Thompson made 36 saves for the win.
Ted Brennan, Nolan Foote, Dillon Dube and Kole Lind scored for the Rockets (18-9-3), whose win streak was halted at six games. Roman Basran made 19 saves in a losing cause.
—
BLAZERS 4 BLADES 1
SASKATOON — Dylan Ferguson kicked out 23 shots as Kamloops toppled the Blades.
Luke Zazula, Luc Smith, Nick Chyzowski and Garrett Pilon scored for the Blazers (14-15-1).
Libor Hajek responded for Saskatoon (11-16-3). Nolan Maier stopped 25-of-28 shots in defeat.
—
PATS 4 TIGERS 2
REGINA — Robbie Holmes scored the winner at 15:47 of the third period as the Pats went on to double up Medicine Hat.
Matt Bradley, Emil Oksanen and Jake Leschyshyn also scored for Regina (16-14-2). Max Paddock made 32 saves for the victory.
Hayden Ostir and Henry Rybinski found the back of the net for the Tigers (17-12-2). Jordan Hollett turned away 42-of-45 shots in defeat.
—
BRONCOS 3 REBELS 2 (OT)
RED DEER, Alta. — Max Patterson scored the winner at 1:44 of overtime as Swift Current handed the Rebels their 11th loss in a row.
Glenn Gawdin and Matteo Gennaro also scored for the Broncos (21-7-2), who got 27 saves from Joel Hofer.
Grayson Pawlenchuk and Kristian Reichel found the back of the net for Red Deer (9-18-5). Riley Lamb turned aside 32 shots in defeat.
—
GIANTS 4 ICE 3 (OT)
LANGLEY, B.C. — Ty Ronning scored his second goal of the game 4:42 into overtime to lift Vancouver over Kootenay for its third straight win.
Tyler Benson and Brad Morrison also scored for the Giants (15-13-4) while Ronning tacked on two assists for a four-point outing. David Tendeck turned away 15 shots for the victory.
Sebastian Streu, Kaeden Taphorn and Cameron Hausinger supplied the offence for the Ice (13-17-2) as Duncan McGovern stopped 33 shots in defeat.
—
CHIEFS 9 THUNDERBIRDS 2
SPOKANE, Wash. — Milos Fafrak had a hat trick while Jaret Anderson-Dolan and Zach Fischer both struck twice as the Chiefs downed Seattle.
Tyson Helgesen Jake McGrew and also scored for Spokane (16-11-3). Donovan Buskey made 17 saves for the win.
Jarret Tyszka and Reece Harsch scored for the Thunderbirds (13-14-4). Matt Berlin combined with Dorrin Luding for 31 saves for Seattle.
—
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application.
APOLLO BEACH, Fla. (WFLA) – The Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office is conducting a death investigation in Apollo Beach on Friday.
Two bodies were found inside a home on Spindle Palm Way.
There is no threat to public safety and the sheriff's office is not looking for any suspects.
No further information was immediately released.
SANAA, Yemen (AP) — Yemeni security officials say the country's prime minister is preparing to flee after separatists seized the presidential palace in the southern port city of Aden in fierce battles overnight.
The officials say fighters loyal to the so-called Southern Transitional Council fought all way to the gates of the Palace of Maashiq — Arabic for "lovers" — in the district of Crater in Aden. The palace is the seat of Yemen's internationally backed government.
They say Prime Minister Ahmed Obaid Bin Daghar is to leave the country imminently. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity under regulations.
The fighting in Aden first erupted on Sunday, when a deadline issued by the separatists for the government to resign expired.
President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi has described the separatists' action as a "coup."
JOHANNESBURG — It will be a first for Zimbabwe's voters: the name of Robert Mugabe, 94, won't be on the ballot when elections are held on July 30. But the military-backed system that kept the former leader in power for decades, and then pushed him out, is still in control.
That is the conundrum facing a southern African country anxious to shed its old image as an international pariah, and to draw the foreign aid and investment needed for an economic revival. The government promises a free and fair vote and the military, whose 2017 takeover led to Mugabe's resignation, says it won't stray from the barracks.
Some Zimbabweans, though, wonder how much things have really changed.
They ask whether a political establishment accused of vote-rigging and state-sponsored violence over a generation would accept an election outcome — that is, an opposition victory — that might damage its interests or even expose it to prosecution for alleged human rights abuses. The military's economic interests include the alleged involvement of security forces in Zimbabwe's diamond-mining sector, which Mugabe himself once said had been plundered of billions of dollars in revenue.
Then there is the uneasy legacy of the military's November takeover. It sent euphoric Zimbabweans into the streets to celebrate and was later described as a coup by Mugabe, who quit as impeachment proceedings loomed in the parliament. The military intervention was mostly peaceful and tacitly supported by other countries, but critics compared it to letting a genie out of the bottle — once the military steps brazenly into politics, why wouldn't it do so again?
“Do you believe that people would risk their lives to carry out a coup, only to hand over power six months later to some unknown person?” Dewa Mavhinga, regional director for Human Rights Watch, asked at a forum on Zimbabwe in Johannesburg.
In this scenario, the “unknown person” would be Nelson Chamisa, the new leader of the MDC opposition party whose members were brutalized by ruling ZANU-PF party supporters during violent, fraud-tainted elections in 2008.
The establishment's man is President Emmerson Mnangagwa, a former vice-president and pillar of the Mugabe regime who rewarded the military's support with key Cabinet positions for former generals. Mnangagwa, who survived a deadly grenade attack at a campaign rally on June 23, says this election won't be like those under Mugabe, who had led Zimbabwe since independence from white minority rule in 1980 and is currently said to be receiving medical treatment in Singapore.
Some things are very different. A record 23 presidential candidates and 128 political parties will participate; there are more than five million registered voters. Western monitors, banned during the Mugabe era, are invited; concerned about military involvement, some are urging senior officers to pledge loyalty now to the election winner, regardless of who it is.
The opposition has held rallies without interference from a police force once quick to break up gatherings of government opponents.
But the idea of accountability for past crimes by suspected state agents has no traction under Mnangagwa, himself linked to the killings of thousands of people in the Matabeleland opposition area in the 1980s. And on Monday, the MDC's chief election agent, Jameson Timba, said the state election commission had failed to provide an accurate voters' roll and was trying to manipulate the vote.
“We are sure Zimbabweans will not be railroaded into a sham election,” Timba said.
Zimbabweans don't need to worry about the military, said Vice-President Constantino Chiwenga, who was military commander in November when soldiers and tanks deployed in Harare, the capital. The military intervened to back a ruling party faction loyal to Mnangagwa, who had been fired as Mugabe's deputy, in a feud with a group associated with Mugabe's politically ambitious wife, Grace.
“There will not be a recurrence, let me assure you,” Chiwenga said last week, according to Zimbabwe's NewsDay newspaper. “We had created a situation which was bad for ourselves and that will not happen again.”
He added: “People were not sure of what tomorrow would hold for them. There was no policy consistency, people who were not constitutionally in government were making decisions and even battering the judicial service, firing people left right and centre.”
For many Zimbabweans, the grenade attack on Mnangagwa's campaign rally in Bulawayo on June 23 highlights the country's political tensions.
The blast next to the podium killed two security agents and injured dozens of other people, including high-ranking officials, in what the government said was an attempt to assassinate Mnangagwa. Unscathed, the president said the election would proceed as planned and blamed the ruling party faction linked to Grace Mugabe, who is no longer considered a political player.
Tendai Biti, a former finance minister and MDC supporter, said the attack reflected a tendency in Zimbabwe to settle political scores through extraconstitutional means. The same was true for the military takeover in November — an act that never got the scrutiny it deserved, he said.
“We sank our heads in the sand,” Biti said last week in Johannesburg. “We didn't ask the tough questions.”
——
Associated Press writer Farai Mutsaka contributed from Harare, Zimbabwe.
——
Follow Christopher Torchia on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/torchiachris
Mr. Henry Hubert Childs of Samson passed away on Monday, September 25, 2017. He was 91.
Funeral services will be held at 2:00 p.m. on Saturday, September 30, 2017, at the First Baptist Church of Samson with Rev. Sam Totten officiating. Burial will follow at Travelers Rest Cemetery with Pittman Funeral Home of Samson directing. The family will receive friends at the funeral home on Friday, September 29, 2017, from 5:00 until 7:00 p.m. In lieu of flowers donations may be made to the First Baptist Church, 100 West Main St., Samson, AL, 36477, or to the charity of your choice.
Mr. Childs was born in Geneva County on October 4, 1925, to the late James Monroe and Addie Eliza McDuffie Childs. He was a longtime member and Deacon Emeritus at the First Baptist Church. Following his graduation from Geneva High School, Class of 1943, Mr. Childs served in the US Army during WWII. He was awarded the Purple Heart after being shot by a German on the Czech border on Friday, April 13th, 1945.
After the war, Mr. Childs owned and operated Childs Hardware Store in Samson for many years. Prior to his retirement, he worked for the US Postal Service for fourteen years. He also served several years on the Samson City Council. He was preceded in death by his son, Wilbur Childs; two sisters, Dottie Smith and Emma McDuffie; and three brothers, Lawrence, Levie, and Lennon Childs.
He is survived by his loving wife of seventy years, Foy Virginia Childs; daughter, Emily Fitzgerald (Will); three grandchildren, Amanda Coutta (Greg), all of Knoxville, TN, David Hochnedel (Korie), US Army (El Paso, TX), and Gretchen Caudill (Danny) of Fairbanks, AK; brother, Herbert Childs of Samson; and numerous nieces and nephews.
MAMMOTH HOT SPRINGS, Wyo. (AP) — A 21-year-old North Carolina man suffered severe burns after falling into a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park.
Park officials say Gervais Dylan Gatete of Raleigh, an employee of park concessionaire Xanterra Parks and Resorts, fell into a hot spring in the Lower Geyser Basin just north of Old Faithful late Tuesday.
Gatete was with seven other people when he fell. The group flagged down a ranger, Gatete was taken by ambulance to the airport in West Yellowstone, Montana, and he was flown a Salt Lake City burn hospital.
Park spokeswoman Morgan Warthin says the incident is still under investigation. She did not know Gatete's medical condition.
This is the first serious injury in a thermal area in Yellowstone this year. Last June, a man left the boardwalk and died after falling into a hot spring in the Norris Geyser Basin.
NEW YORK — During a recent practice, Kentucky coach John Calipari noticed freshman guard Hamidou Diallo was pulling his hand back after launching jump shots.
The technique worried Calipari, so as he recalled, he forced the New York City product to “keep his follow through.”
Based on what transpired at Madison Square Garden on Saturday, coach knows best.
“He's trying to do what we're asking him to do,” Calipari said after Diallo scored a season-high 23 points and No. 8 Kentucky beat Monmouth 93-76. “Less is more for him.”
Kentucky (8-1) won its sixth in a row. PJ Washington added 20 points, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander chipped in 15 and Nick Richards had 10.
“We're better,” Calipari said, before adding, “We're still not capable of going 40 minutes.”
While Kentucky is creating positive momentum ahead of conference play, Monmouth (3-7) has lost three straight. Deion Hammond led the Hawks with 19 points and Micah Seaborn had 18.
“It doesn't feel great,” Monmouth coach King Rice said. “You got beat by a bigger and better team.”
Diallo, in his first season, helped the Wildcats take a 54-31 halftime lead.
“This is my first time playing in the Garden,” Diallo said. “Coming from New York, it's every kid's dream … to play in The Garden.”
With the outcome essentially decided, Kentucky continued attacking in the second half and extended its lead to 29. In one sequence, Wildcats centre Richards dunked, and then Diallo forced Sam Ibiezugbe to miss a layup before bringing the ball downcourt and knocking down a jumper.
Later, Wenyen Gabriel followed up Kevin Knox's missed straightaway 3-pointer with a two-handed putback jam. Despite those plays, as both Calipari and Rice noted, Monmouth outscored Kentucky 45-39 in the second half.
“I am proud of my kids,” Rice said. “As coach (Calipari) pointed out, ‘You beat us in the second half.' I am proud because my kids kept fighting, and when it's Kentucky and they come with All-American players when they were in high school, you could get discouraged, but our kids did not get discouraged.”
Among the 10,438 in attendance for the first-ever meeting between the programs were New York Yankees general manager Brian Cashman and newly hired manager Aaron Boone. The duo sat courtside, next to NFL Hall of Fame wide receiver Cris Carter.
“I talked to them after (the game). We talked trades and some different things. (Shohei Ohtani) went to the Angels. I said, ‘Hey, we're fine,”‘ Calipari said of his chat with Cashman and Boone, which led to a question about whether the trio discussed the Yankees' reported trade for reigning National League MVP Giancarlo Stanton.
“We talked about Stanton. We're going to get that one done. We're going to get that one,” Calipari said. “You understand I'm a Yankee fan. A Pirate fan, too, because I grew up in Pittsburgh.”
BIG PICTURE
Kentucky: Calipari has bemoaned his Wildcats' lack of maturity in the early portion of the season. While his team has begun with eight wins in nine games, Kentucky has shown flaws that SEC rivals can exploit. The Wildcats committed 19 turnovers against overmatched Monmouth.
Monmouth: The Hawks committed 15 turnovers while shooting just 37.1 per cent from the field and 34.5 per cent from 3-point range.
NOTABLE
Kentucky: Among the criticisms of Calipari's teams has been their inability to convert free throws. The Wildcats began this game making 66.8 per cent of their attempts, ranked 265th in the nation. Against Monmouth, Kentucky went 24 of 32 (75 per cent) from the line.
Monmouth: Rice used 14 players. Seaborn and Austin Tilghman led Monmouth with 32 minutes each.
UP NEXT
Kentucky: Hosts Virginia Tech next Saturday.
Monmouth: Plays at Princeton on Tuesday night.
——
More college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
BEIRUT — The United Nations children's agency said Sunday 137 children stranded in a rebel-held suburb near the Syrian capital require immediate evacuation amid a crippling siege in which five have reportedly died from a lack of medical care.
The Eastern Ghouta suburb, home to 400,000 residents, has been besieged since 2013 and humanitarian conditions there have deteriorated sharply amid violence that intensified since Nov. 14. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says at least 202 people, including 47 children, have been killed since.
The area, the last remaining rebel-held pocket near the capital Damascus, is technically part of a “de-escalation zone” brokered by Russia earlier this year. Cease-fires brokered by Russia have largely held elsewhere in Syria but there has been little progress toward a political solution to the conflict that has claimed nearly 400,000 lives since it began in 2011.
Syrian opposition and government delegates are currently in Geneva for a new round of U.N.-sponsored talks after a short break. The government delegation has protested the opposition's insistence on the absence of President Bashar Assad from any future transition period.
After a few days' absence, the government delegation returned to Geneva Sunday for talks which are due to resume Monday.
In its statement Sunday, UNICEF said its aid workers described seeing one of the worst health situations since the conflict began in 2011 during a rare international aid convoy to a neighbourhood in the Eastern Ghouta district at the end of November.
UNICEF says 137 children, aged between 7-months to 17-years, require immediate evacuation for conditions that include kidney failure, severe malnutrition and conflict wounds.
“Children are still living through so much horror,” said UNICEF Representative in Syria Fran Equiza. “The situation is getting worse day by day. The health system is crumbling and schools have now been closed for almost a month. Sick children desperately need medical evacuation, and many thousands more are being denied the chance of a normal, peaceful childhood.”
UNICEF says that nearly 12 per cent of children under 5 years-old in Eastern Ghouta suffer from acute malnutrition — the highest rate ever recorded since the start of the conflict in Syria.
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. -- Eagles legendary safety Brian Dawkins was enshrined into the 2018 class of the Pro Football Hall of Fame, according to a report from Mike Elis of 9News in Denver.
Source familiar with Hall of Fame voting: Brian Dawkins was elected. John Lynch, Boulder's Tony Boselli will have to wait till next year. #9sports -- Mike Klis (@MikeKlis) February 3, 2018
The Hall of Fame class will officially be announced Saturday evening, one night before Super Bowl LII between the Eagles and New England Patriots in Minneapolis, Minn.
Dawkins spent the first 13 years of his NFL career with the Eagles, and made nine Pro Bowls, was a five-time first-team All-Pro, and led the Eagles to five NFC Championship Games and one Super Bowl appearance in 2004.
In 2009, Dawkins signed as a free agent with the Denver Broncos, where he played the final three years of his NFL career.
Super Bowl prediction: How Eagles will beat Patriots
Finishing his career with a total of 778 tackles, 26 sacks, 37 interceptions, 36 forced fumbles and scored three touchdowns, Dawkins revolutionized how the safety position was utilized during the modern era as he was just as feared in coverage as he was in the box against the run or rushing the passer.
Prior to being elected into the Hall of Fame, Dawkins had previously been named to the Eagles' 75th anniversary team, the Eagles' Hall of Fame, and has had his No. 20 retired by the team.
One of the most popular players to ever wear an Eagles uniform, Dawkins was hired as a member of the Eagles' personnel department in 2016 and has frequently been seen on the field helping coach the team's defensive backs both during OTAs, training camp, and practices during the past two regular seasons.
Dawkins becomes the 20th Hall of Famer to have worn an Eagles uniform.
Matt Lombardo may be reached at MLombardo@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @MattLombardoPHL.
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — The White House late Saturday confirmed plans to withdraw the nomination of a climate change skeptic with ties to the fossil fuel industry to serve as President Donald Trump's top environmental adviser.
Kathleen Hartnett White was announced last October as Trump's choice to chair the Council on Environmental Quality. She had served under former Texas Gov. Rick Perry, now Trump's energy secretary, for six years on a commission overseeing the state environmental agency.
But White's nomination languished in the Senate, and was among a batch of nominations the Senate sent back to the White House at the end of 2017 when Congress closed up for the year. Trump resubmitted White's nomination in January.
White, who is not a scientist, has compared the work of mainstream climate scientists to “the dogmatic claims of ideologues and clerics.” In a contentious Senate hearing last November, she defended past statements that particulate pollution released by burning fuels is not harmful unless one were to suck on a car's tailpipe.
Critics of White's nomination to head the council pointed to her praise of fossil fuels as having improved living conditions around the world and helping to end slavery. She has called carbon dioxide not a pollutant but “a necessary nutrient for plant life.”
During Perry's tenure as governor of Texas, White often was critical of what she called the Obama administration's “imperial EPA,” the Environmental Protection Agency, and she opposed stricter limits on air and water pollution.
White was a senior fellow at the Texas Public Policy Foundation, a conservative think-tank that received funding from Koch Industries, ExxonMobil, Chevron and other fossil-fuels companies. White could not immediately be reached late Saturday for comment.
The Washington Post first reported late Saturday on plans by the White House to pull White's nomination, citing two administration officials who had been briefed on the matter but spoke on condition of anonymity because the White House has not formally announced its decision.
A White House official later confirmed the Post report. The official was not authorized to discuss personnel decisions by name and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Trump himself has called climate change a hoax and has laid the groundwork for withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate accords.
Other top Trump administration officials who question the scientific consensus that carbon released in the atmosphere from burning fossil fuels is the primary driver of global warming include Perry, EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt and Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke.
U.S. Senator Tom Carper, the top Democrat on the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, said it was “abundantly clear very early on” that heading the Council on Environmental Quality wasn't the right job for White. Carper called withdrawing White's nomination “the right thing to do” and urged the Trump administration to nominate a “thoughtful environmental and public health champion to lead this critical office in the federal government.”
——
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
As many as five playoff berths can be locked up Sunday, and New England can clinch before taking the field Monday night.
A Buffalo loss or tie against the Colts on Sunday clinches the AFC East for the Patriots, while New England can clinch Monday night by beating Miami if the Bills win.
Pittsburgh clinches a berth with a Buffalo loss or tie, though the Steelers need to tie or beat Baltimore to win the AFC North.
Philadelphia could clinch the NFC East if Dallas ties or loses to the Giants before the Eagles take the field in Los Angeles.
Minnesota can win the NFC North by beating Carolina or if Detroit and Green Bay both tie.
Even the Jaguars could clinch a berth with a win and other help.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL .
LONDON, England (NBC News) — Babies and toddlers who spend more time using touchscreens may be getting less sleep.
That's according to a new study of over 700 families living in the United Kingdom.
Seventy-five percent of parents said their little ones used an iPad or smartphone for an average of nine to 45 minutes a day.
Researchers found every hour of daily touchscreen use equaled about 15 minutes less sleep.
They say electronic media may be replacing sleep time, or the stimulating content of online games and videos may make harder for kids to fall asleep.
For more trending news, stay with WFLA News Channel 8's Lila Gross.
WHAT'S TRENDING ONLINE NOW –
>> MORE FROM LILA'S DIGITAL DOWNLOAD
Though Kelela's art proudly exists left-of-center, she's never come off like a peculiarity or a novelty. Her influences—underground bass, turn-of-the-millennium R&B, post-dubstep chaos—meld with her sinuous, jazz-inflected vocals into a new kind of emotional language. The aesthetic is weird, but the humanity is familiar—a tension that animates Take Me Apart, her debut LP and strongest work yet.
“LMK,” Take Me Apart's lead single released this summer, showed Kelela was preparing to make a grand-scale leap. Kelela let that nocturnal mystique dissipate just slightly, revealing some of her coldest lines yet (“Did you think you're my ride home, baby? / ‘Cause my girls are parked behind”), over a hook propelled by nightclub synths and stomps. Take Me Apart smoothes her earlier work's percussive edges for a poppier sheen: She isn't the first artist to terraform her indie cred into something grander, but with the heightened stakes, her Dionysian insistence still manages to thrill within the seamless machine.
Although you Take Me Apart's production is densely layered and seductive, the album thrives off how Kelela deploys those sonic strands to resonating effect. Jam City composes an astonishing neon thicket on the album-opening “Frontline,” before cutting out at its climax. Here, Kelela uncovers a whole character arc with four anthemic “No, no”s: The first with staccato delivery as she initially pivots away from her underperforming lover, and the final one with the instruments at full force as vocal harmonies join her resolve. “Enough”—which arrives after the sentimental “Waitin” and the sexual invigoration of “Take Me Apart”—sees Arca throwing in tribal percussion and ghostly sonics to give Kelela's passions a mythical quality. But the track ultimately revolves around her humanity, rather than letting her remain a mystery. Instead of plateauing on the hook, the production howls as if it's panting along with Kelela.
Though Kelela's narrative follows a linear path—from a needed breakup to picking up the emotional pieces—she still manages to say something compelling about the subject. Her songwriting tends to veer away from settling with superlatives and pejoratives, instead stretching verses from singular moments. Conventional wisdom prizes emotional clarity over bodily desires, but on “S.O.S.,” Kelela knows it's not that simple (“I could touch myself bae, but it's not the same / If you could stop and help me out”). Elsewhere on “Better,” she scalpels the corpse of her relationship with an empathetic, yet trembling hand (“You replied, ‘Could I've done something' / You got some nerve asking me now”).
Some of the producers here date back to 2013's Cut 4 Me, and their relationship with Kelela is rooted deep enough for them to reify her emotions. Still, the album's most ascendant moments come from kwes and Arca, whose crystalline compositions have garnered their own acclaim. “Turn to Dust,” the album's epoch, focuses on the emotional distance between her and a potential love interest that's irreconcilable through language, as Arca's restrained strings create a sense of devastating suffocation.
While many musicians have purposely skirted the R&B label—whether in the artistic pursuit of transcending genre, or because of the fact that every black singer isn't an R&B artist—Kelela proudly stands within the genre's tradition. For the most part, she avoids making any grandstanding romantic or political statements, but Take Me Apart finds its purpose within the subdued complexities. It's focused on something as intimate as personal desire, but the music creates a vast expanse for Kelela to run free.
A Delta Air Lines flight was diverted to Tulsa, Oklahoma, Wednesday after a man became unruly during the flight, the airline confirmed to ABC News.
Delta flight 1156 from Portland to Atlanta landed “without incident” and the passenger was detained at Tulsa International Airport, according to Delta.
“All in all, it was a crazy flight,” Lisa Zimmerman, who was also on the plane, told ABC News
Zimmerman said the passenger, who she saw dancing and singing while boarding, “started singing really loudly” again in the middle of the flight. When a flight attendant touched the man's shoulder in an attempt to get his attention, Zimmerman said, “He flipped. He threw off his headphones and said, ‘Touch me again and you'll regret it.'”
The flight I'm on just had to emergency land in Tulsa so the police could escort a man off the plane. (It's a crazy story) As a witness to the whole situation, I have to say that @Delta did a great job handling it. Good job, @Delta ! Also, love the amount of legroom! ??????? — Lisa Zimmerman (@Leese_Zimmerman) May 30, 2018
U.S. Attorney R. Trent Shores said in a statement that federal air marshals on the flight “successfully de-escalated and they controlled the situation.” The matter is now being investigated by the FBI, and the U.S. attorney's office will determine whether the passenger violated federal law, Shores said.
Experts say the powerful video of Alek Minassian's arrest reveals a textbook case of an officer defusing danger through a series of life-and-death choices based on training and a calm mind.
The footage shows an officer who police sources identified as Const. Ken Lam standing up, turning off his siren and talking clearly to the suspect, even as the dead and injured lay along Yonge Street after being struck down by a white rental van.
“This is exactly the type of de-escalation … and response to these types of confrontations that we hope to see,” said Ontario ombudsman Paul Dube.
Lam calmly holstered his revolver, held up his baton and handcuffed Minassian as he lay on the sidewalk.
“He gave himself the space and time. He assessed the threat and realized he had options other than firing his weapon.”
Dube published a June 2016 report calling for increased police training on defusing dangerous situations after several high-profile deaths of people with mental illnesses who confronted officers.
He said the constable's actions are a sign that police are gaining from training that includes simulations of tense standoffs with people who are emotionally unstable.
Sammy Yatim's death in July 2013 in Toronto — where the mentally ill man was shot multiple times as officers surrounded an empty streetcar he was on — helped prompt reforms.
In recent years at least one day has been added to Toronto police in-service training on de-escalation and “dealing with people in crisis,” said Mike McCormack, president of the police union in Toronto.
The program is part of a mandatory three-day training for all officers that incorporates crisis communication, de-escalation and containment measures.
“A major component of this training includes a variety of scenarios that are designed to evaluate officer's skills in effectively communicating with people in crisis and those who are suffering from a possible mental disorder,” said an email from the union.
Meanwhile, recruits at the Ontario Police College are now receiving more training, as are a number of police forces around the province, though it's yet to be a provincewide standard, said Dube.
Christian Leuprecht, a professor at Royal Military College in Kingston, Ont., who studies policing and security issues, said Lam's actions were “textbook” examples of the latest approaches.
The result is a suspect who is now in custody and who may be able to shed light on why the devastating incident occurred, he said.
Police say Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill, Ont., is the lone suspect in the attack. He was charged Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
At a news conference Tuesday, Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said: “Our officer defaulted to his training and as a result we have successful outcomes.”
Leuprecht noted how Lam only stood up after carefully observing the suspect and determining he didn't have a gun.
Lam spoke loudly and calmly, even as the suspect encouraged the officer to shoot him. When he claimed to have a gun in his pocket, Lam replied, “I don't care,” and repeatedly instructed him to “Get down.”
Leuprecht said Lam seemed to go further than some others might have when he decided to approach and arrest the suspect, rather than wait for backup.
“There's an impressive moment when he takes his firearm, puts it in his holster, he goes over with his baton, and he handcuffs the individual,” he said.
“I think that goes above and beyond the call of duty. He could have had a knife. He could have had a suicide belt.”
However, the university professor, who is currently teaching in Australia, says if the constable had waited for backup, the situation might have escalated and had a different outcome.
“The opportunity to ensure the individual could no longer pose a chance of harm to himself or to others is what that officer jumped at,” said Leuprecht.
McCormack said while additional training is a factor, he knows Lam well enough to say his personality factored in.
He described him as an intelligent, relatively young officer who is highly skilled and trained.
McCormack says the constable — who is in his 30s — positioned himself well so that he could see precisely what was unfolding before him.
“By his actions he did not perceive the threat to escalate and that is why he did not use his firearm,” he said.
— With files from Alison Auld in Halifax.
ST. LOUIS — The Latest on protests in St. Louis following a white former police officer's acquittal in the shooting death of a black suspect (all times local):
10:50 p.m.
Protesters who have been demonstrating in the wake of a white former St. Louis police officer's acquittal in a black suspect's shooting death took to the streets of Ferguson in their latest march.
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that several dozen people marched on West Florissant Avenue on Friday night, chanting and carrying “Black Lives Matter” signs. The scene was reminiscent of some of the protests that followed the fatal 2014 police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, a St. Louis suburb.
The group stopped outside the Ferguson Market and later headed to the Ferguson police headquarters on South Florissant Road, where some shouted at officers who stood guard outside.
Twenty-seven-year-old protester LaShell Eikerenkoetter said it was “definitely time to come back here and pay homage to what happened in these streets. That is the reason we are still going today.”
No arrests were reported.
The renewed protests have been occurring since mid-September when a judge acquitted Jason Stockley, who was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 shooting death of Anthony Lamar Smith.
——
3:50 p.m.
The request by St. Louis leaders to have the U.S. attorney's office investigate police conduct at protests has been referred to the U.S. Department of Justice in Washington.
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that in a letter on Wednesday, Acting U.S. Attorney Carrie Costantin says the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division handles investigations that focus on officer discipline and training. It's not clear if the Justice Department will investigate St. Louis police.
More than 300 arrests have been made during protests since a judge's mid-September acquittal of white former police officer Jason Stockley in the 2011 shooting death of Anthony Lamar Smith, who was black.
Police have drawn criticism for using force and chemicals in some arrests. Mayor Lyda Krewson and interim police Chief Lawrence O'Toole asked for an independent federal investigation.
BLOUNTVILLE, TN – Northeast State invites students and community members to attend the Spring Career Fair 2017, Thursday, April 27, from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. in the Wellmont Regional Center for the Performing Arts on the Blountville campus.
This free and public event will provide opportunities to learn about job openings and visit with area employers. Last year's fair drew more than 80 companies and served 300 job seekers.
“This is a great opportunity to start a dialogue with employers and learn about their needs not only for today but also six months to a year down the road – that's so important,” said Marquita Tittle, Director of Career Services at Northeast State.
Employers may register online for the event at http://bit.ly/2oYzaN6. The deadline for registration is Thursday, April 20, 2017.
Employers attending the career fair will represent a wide variety of companies from around the region. Industry and business sectors including manufacturing, healthcare, financial, information technology, insurance, education, retail, hospitality, and food service will be in attendance. Also, representatives from several colleges and universities will be on hand with program information.
Tittle advises job seekers to bring resumes, dress appropriately, and network with a variety of employers.
“Currently, there's an uptick in hiring, and employers are looking for applicants with good soft skills and a willingness to work,” Tittle said. “We encourage our students to attend and show employers in the region the quality of graduates at Northeast State.”
The Wellmont Regional Center for the Performing Arts is located on the College's Blountville campus, 2425 Highway 75, adjacent to the Tri-Cities Regional Airport. For more information, contact the Northeast State Career Services office at 423.354.5167 or careersvcs@northeaststate.edu.
With the majority of the rain likely behind us and increased daylight coming up next month, there is no better time to start thinking about golf.
There have been many changes to various Newport-Mesa golf courses in the past year, including the opening of a completely rerouted course layout at Santa Ana Country Club and multiple improvements at Newport Beach Golf Course.
“The greens are in wonderful shape, and it is going to be a terrific year,” said Newport Beach Golf Course General Manager Keith Wyrick, whose executive course now offers electric golf carts for players for the first time in 40 years.
But, as greens and gadgets improve for golfers throughout the industry, one of the most cost-effective and significant alterations a golf course can make is upgrading, adding and/or deleting sand bunkers, and few are as experienced as Newport Beach-based golf course architect Casey O'Callaghan.
“A newly remodeled sand bunker is an art form,” said O'Callaghan, who has completed remodeled sand bunker projects the past few years on public golf courses in Los Angeles County, La Mirada and Mountain Meadows.
O'Callaghan, who has been designing golf courses around the world since he graduated from UC Berkeley in the early 1990s, believes the golf industry is better off investing in the enhancement of bunkers than other, more expensive projects that cannot be seen or experienced by the players.
“Rebuilding sand bunkers on a course is the best bang for your buck,” O'Callaghan said. “There is an immediate and noticeable difference to the course. An irrigation renovation may create better playing conditions and give the superintendent more control over watering, but most golfers will not notice the changes because all of the installation is below ground. Tee and green renovations can make a course better to play and maintain, but newly remodeled sand bunker complexes create an immediate visual impact to the playing experience, as well as the playability, strategy and maintenance of the course. The new sand bunkers are much more visible from all portions of the golf course and the new shaping enhances the beauty of the golf course.”
Depending on the desired outcomes of a bunker remodeling project, it can make a golf course play tougher or easier.
“Rebuilding sand bunkers does not necessarily mean that all of the bunkers will be rebuilt in place,” O'Callaghan said. “Bunkers can be added, removed or relocated for playability, strategy and aesthetics. A fairway sand bunker located approximately 200 yards off the tee on the right of the first hole affects speed of play and unnecessarily challenges the higher handicap golfer. Furthermore, this sand bunker can be eliminated and relocated to a distance 250-270 yards off the tee to challenge the lower handicap golfers and open up the fairway landing area for the shorter hitting higher handicap golfers.”
Bunkers can be added near a green to increase the difficulty of the hole, or deleted to improve a high-handicap golfer's chances of reaching it.
“Greenside sand bunkers often morph into large bland ovals that are too far away from the green,” O'Callaghan said. “The edge of the sand bunker closest to the green can be 20 feet away and the furthest edge can be 60 feet away from the green. These types of bunkers are out of play for lower handicap golfers, but are hard on higher handicap golfers. Lower handicap golfers are usually hitting a higher approach iron to the green and missing by a few feet, whereas higher handicap golfers are hitting longer approach shots that miss by 10 or 12 feet. Furthermore, a 10- or 15-yard bunker shot is one of the hardest shots in golf and often requires more than one shot to get out of the hazard. These bunkers penalize the higher handicap golfer and slow down play for the rest of the golf course.
“In other cases, bunkers can be added to enhance the strategy of the golf hole. A well placed fairway sand bunker can challenge a golfer off the tee and either give them a favorable approach angle or distance to the green or leave them with a more difficult approach shot based on the success of their drive.”
Typically, a private country club will want to increase the difficulty and challenge on its golf course, while a public course might be more inclined to soften things up a little and give golfers a better chance to make birdie.
In addition to Santa Ana Country Club's course rerouting that includes bunkers designed to better fit the natural terrain, Mesa Verde Country Club completed a bunker renovation a few years ago.
O'Callaghan is currently working on a bunker project at San Juan Hills Golf Club.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please click the activate button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
Novak Djokovic says he had a “small medical intervention” on his bothersome right elbow.
The 12-time Grand Slam champion and former No. 1-ranked player wrote on Instagram on Friday: “It seems like I am on the good road now to full recovery.”
Djokovic sat out the last half of 2017 because of problems with his racket-swinging right arm, saying it had been bothering him for more than a year.
The 30-year-old Serb made a late decision to enter the Australian Open last month, and then was clearly hampered by the elbow in a straight-set loss to Hyeon Chung of South Korea in the fourth round. Djokovic winced and grimaced throughout and took a medical timeout to have his elbow massaged.
——
More AP tennis: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Facebook has revealed for the first time just what, exactly, is banned on its service in a new Community Standards document released on Tuesday. It's an updated version of the internal rules the company has used to determine what's allowed and what isn't, down to granular details such as what, exactly, counts as a "credible threat" of violence. The previous public-facing version gave a broad-strokes outline of the rules, but the specifics were shrouded in secrecy for most of Facebook's 2.2 billion users.
Not anymore. Here are just some examples of what the rules ban. Note: Facebook has not changed the actual rules — it has just made them public.
CREDIBLE VIOLENCE
Is there a real-world threat? Facebook looks for "credible statements of intent to commit violence against any person, groups of people, or place (city or smaller)." Is there a bounty or demand for payment? The mention or an image of a specific weapon? A target and at least two details such as location, method or timing? A statement to commit violence against a vulnerable person or group such as "heads-of-state, witnesses and confidential informants, activists, and journalists."
Also banned: instructions on "on how to make or use weapons if the goal is to injure or kill people," unless there is "clear context that the content is for an alternative purpose (for example, shared as part of recreational self-defense activities, training by a country's military, commercial video games, or news coverage)."
HATE SPEECH
"We define hate speech as a direct attack on people based on what we call protected characteristics — race, ethnicity, national origin, religious affiliation, sexual orientation, sex, gender, gender identity, and serious disability or disease. We also provide some protections for immigration status," Facebook says. As to what counts as a direct attack, the company says it's any "violent or dehumanizing speech, statements of inferiority, or calls for exclusion or segregation." There are three tiers of severity, ranging from comparing a protected group to filth or disease to calls to "exclude or segregate" a person our group based on the protected characteristics. Facebook does note that it does "allow criticism of immigration policies and arguments for restricting those policies."
GRAPHIC VIOLENCE
Images of violence against "real people or animals" with comments or captions that contain enjoyment of suffering, humiliation and remarks that speak positively of the violence or "indicating the poster is sharing footage for sensational viewing pleasure" are prohibited. The captions and context matter in this case because Facebook does allow such images in some cases where they are condemned, or shared as news or in a medical setting. Even then, though, the post must be limited so only adults can see them and Facebook adds a warning screen to the post.
CHILD SEXUAL EXPLOITATION
"We do not allow content that sexually exploits or endangers children. When we become aware of apparent child exploitation, we report it to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC), in compliance with applicable law. We know that sometimes people share nude images of their own children with good intentions; however, we generally remove these images because of the potential for abuse by others and to help avoid the possibility of other people reusing or misappropriating the images," Facebook says. Then, it lists at least 12 specific instances of children in a sexual context, saying the ban includes, but is not limited to these examples. This includes "uncovered female nipples for children older than toddler-age."
ADULT NUDITY AND SEXUAL ACTIVITY
"We understand that nudity can be shared for a variety of reasons, including as a form of protest, to raise awareness about a cause, or for educational or medical reasons. Where such intent is clear, we make allowances for the content. For example, while we restrict some images of female breasts that include the nipple, we allow other images, including those depicting acts of protest, women actively engaged in breast-feeding, and photos of post-mastectomy scarring," Facebook says. That said, the company says it "defaults" to removing sexual imagery to prevent the sharing of non-consensual or underage content. The restrictions apply to images of real people as well as digitally created content, although art — such as drawings, paintings or sculptures — is an exception.
INDEPENDENCE, Ohio (AP) — By now, LeBron James is usually getting some rest in the NBA playoffs.
The Pacers are making him work much harder than he has in years.
After splitting the first four games, Indiana and Cleveland will meet on Wednesday night in the critical Game 5 of a first-round series that has been unpredictable, uneven and for James, unusual.
This first round hasn't been the norm for the three-time champion.
While he's 12-0 in the opening round, before the Cavs dropped Game 1 to the Pacers at home, James had never lost a playoff opener. In fact, James came in with a 21-game winning streak in first-round games and this will be his first Game 5 in Round 1 since 2012 when he was with Miami.
The Cavs and Pacers aren't the only ones in a tussle in the Eastern Conference as Washington and Toronto resume their series in Canada tied 2-2. Things aren't quite as tight In the West as Utah holds a 3-1 lead over a fraying Oklahoma City team, and Houston, which dropped 50 points in one quarter on Monday night, can eliminate Minnesota.
Cleveland's 104-100 win in Game 4 brought relief to Cavs fans and James, who had been getting little offensive help from his teammates. A dependable No. 2 scoring option has been issue all season, primarily because Kyle Irving is no longer around to take pressure off James.
But in Game 4 , Kyle Korver stepped up in the second half and knocked down four 3-pointers and the Cavs buckled down defensively in the closing minutes to avoid a 3-1 hole.
"We all know the narrative around us, it is what it is," Korver said after practice on Tuesday. "It's Bron and we're all trying to make it work for him."
James has been his usual self, averaging 32.5 points, 11 rebounds and 8 assists in the series. But only Kevin Love (12.0), who has been slowed by a sprained left thumb, and J.R. Smith (10.0) are averaging double-digits for Cleveland.
Some things to know for Wednesday's matchups:
WIZARDS AT RAPTORS
Series tied 2-2. Game 5, 7 p.m., NBATV
NEED TO KNOW: The home team has won each game so far. The Wizards absolutely need at least one road victory, and they've been here before: Washington was eliminated a year ago in the second round against Boston after going 3-0 in at home and 0-4 in away games.
KEEP AN EYE ON: Toronto's 3-point shooting. The Raptors attempted a season-low 18 shots from beyond the arc, making seven, in its Game 4 loss . They never took fewer than 21 in any regular-season game, and averaged 13.7 made 3s and 31 attempts in Games 1-3.
PRESSURE IS ON: DeMar DeRozan and Kyle Lowry. While Washington's All-Star backcourt duo of John Wall (26.8 points, 13 assists and 4.8 rebounds) and Bradley Beal (29.5 ppg the past two games) led the Wizards in Games 3 and 4, Toronto's counterparts have not been very efficient lately. Lowry is shooting 41.7 percent, and DeRozan is at 44 after going 10 for 29 in Game 4.
INJURY UPDATE: Because of an injured right shoulder, Raptors PG Fred VanVleet has played a total of only three minutes in the series.
PACERS AT CAVALIERS
Series tied 2-2. Game 5, 7 p.m. TNT
NEED TO KNOW: After scoring 32 points in the opener, Pacers guard Victor Oladipo has scored 18 and 17 in the past two games and is just 10 of 35 from the field. Cleveland has been blitzing and trapping Oladipo, forcing him to pass or rush his shot.
KEEP AN EYE ON: Lance Stephenson. Indiana's always entertaining swingman baited James into a technical foul in Game 4, when he also wrapped up Cleveland's Jeff Green late in the game and spun him to the floor.
PRESSURE IS ON: Cavs coach Tyronn Lue. While he's had to sort through injuries and battled his own health issues all season, he's been criticized for some decisions, including a reluctance to play forward Tristan Thompson in this series. If the Cavs go down 3-2 or are eliminated, look out.
INJURY UPDATE: Cavaliers starting G George Hill (back spasms ) is questionable. He received injections but couldn't play in Game 4.
JAZZ AT THUNDER
Thunder lead 3-1. Game 5, 9:30 p.m. Central, NBA TV.
NEED TO KNOW: Jazz rookie Donovan Mitchell is averaging 27.5 points and 8.5 rebounds while shooting 45 percent from the field. He's averaging 17.3 points in the second half and shooting 46 percent.
He topped Karl Malone's rookie playoff record with 33 points in Game 4.
"I'm not trying to think about all that now," he said. "We have bigger things to worry about right now as a team."
KEEP AN EYE ON: Thunder F Carmelo Anthony. He's shooting 37 percent from the field and 23.1 percent from 3-point range. He was brought to the Thunder to take pressure off Thunder G Russell Westbrook, but his inability to make shots has only made things more difficult.
PRESSURE IS ON: Westbrook. While averaging 21.3 points, 11.8 rebounds and 8.3 assists, he's only shooting 37 percent, 21 on 3s. Westbrook normally attacks with reckless abandon, but 7-foot-1 Jazz center Rudy Gobert is making that tougher.
INTRIGUING MATCHUP: Thunder F Paul George vs. Jazz F Joe Ingles. George has been solid, averaging 27.3 points. But his focus has drifted and he has got caught up in some of Ingles' agitating tactics. George was the aggressor in Game 4 , at one point shoving Ingles and getting a technical.
TIMBERWOLVES AT ROCKETS
Rockets lead 3-1. Game 5, 9:30 p.m., TNT.
NEED TO KNOW: Timberwolves might still be reeling from the 50-point third quarter the Rockets posted to turn a tight Game 4 into a rout . Minnesota actually outshot Houston for the third straight game, but only turned that into one victory. "Everybody will look at the 50 points that we scored in the quarter, but it was our defense," said Chris Paul, who had 15 of his 25 points over those torrid 12 minutes.
KEEP AN EYE ON: Rockets sixth man Eric Gordon. After shooting just 11 for 39 over the first three games, he scored a series-high 18 in Game 4. He hit four 3s, including a buzzer-beater at the end of the third to fulfill the 50-point quarter goal the Rockets have been trying to reach for two years under coach Mike D'Antoni.
PRESSURE IS ON: Wolves G Jimmy Butler. While the Rockets were running away in the third, Butler forced some shots in a frantic attempt to keep up. The team's best defender must also try to figure out how to better disrupt the high ball screens the Rockets set on Harden to set up those frequent 3s.
INJURY UPDATE: Wolves PG Jeff Teague dislocated his right pinky finger in Game 4 and struggled with two points on 1-for-7 shooting in 28 minutes with four fouls and three turnovers.
___
AP Sports Writers Howard Fendrich, Cliff Brunt and Dave Campbell contributed to this report.
___
For more AP NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Jon Wiederhorn
Last week, Donatella Versace posted a video for Bruno Mars' “Versace on the Floor,” which featured a whole bunch of glamorous models. Now, Mars has released his own video for the song, which stars Zendaya.
Related: Donatella Versace Toasts Bruno Mars with Model Filled Video
Mars is shot in low light as sensual colors swirl around him. And in separate images, Zendaya looks stunning in a glittery, silver dress. Of course, both artists are wearing Versace, but considering how nice Zendaya's outfit is, it probably should have wound up on a hanger instead of on the floor.
The Huntsman Cancer Institute as confirmed the death of Jon Huntsman Sr., a Utah billionaire and philanthropist.
No further details were immediately available, according to FOX13 in Salt Lake City.
Hunstman was 80 years. He donated more than 1 billion dollars to charity throughout his life, and funded the institute, which focuses on cancer research.
Huntsman was the only American to ever receive the Armenian Medal of Honor, Fox13 reports.
Following reports of a marijuana smell, Pelham has issued a release letting residents know what they can do in the event they smell the odour.
The release indicates there are currently five federally licensed marijuana growing operations in Pelham, although it does not indicate where those are.
Pelham encourages its residents to contact Health Canada, the town and the local MP Dean Allison if you smell "one of rural Ontario's newest agricultural odours."
In addition to telling residents to alert these parties, the release provides a list of things residents should know in regards to this form of agriculture.
Marijuana growing facilities in greenhouses require federal licensing and are regulated by Health Canada. Because of that, these facilities are routinely inspected to ensure they are compliant with government regulations.
Being federally regulated, however, Pelham has no jurisdiction over them when it comes to penalties or regulations.
Pelham does have two relevant zoning bylaws that apply to the use of land and greenhouses, however.
One zoning bylaw stipulates that agricultural use is "use of land, building or structure for the purpose of, amongst other things, horticulture and greenhouses."
The other stipulates "a greenhouse as a structure used to cultivate or grow floral, vegetable or other horticultural produce in a climatically controlled environment."
As those exist, the municipality is asking residents to file a bylaw service request in addition to contacting Health Canada and the MP so the complaints can be documented at a municipal level.
To file a bylaw service request, residents can go online and fill out the form found at http://www.pelham.ca/en/how-might-I/resources/Fire-and-By-Law/Images/By-law-Services-Request-Form.pdf.
Complaints to Health Canada can be directed to the Office of Medical Cannabis at omc-bcm@hc.sc.gc.ca or by calling 1-866-337-7705.
MP Dean Allison can be reached via email at info@deanallison.ca for those interested in sending their concerns to him.
More information about licensed facilities and the regulations they must follow are available at https://www.canada.ca/en/health-canada.
INDIANAPOLIS, IN – Celadon Group, which offers extensive trucking operations across North America, has entered a new joint venture with Element Transportation that oversees more than 10,000 tractors for leasing operations.
The move combines the leasing portfolios of Celadon, Element, and 19th Capital that were managed by Celadon's Quality Companies. Celadon and Element each hold 49.99% of the joint venture. Quality Companies, meanwhile, will provide leasing management services in exchange for a monthly fee per tractor.
Celadon contributes $100 million in cash and lease equipment in exchange for equity in the joint venture. That includes proceeds and the deferred purchase price on assets sold to 19th Capital in the 2016 fiscal year.
In addition to closing the joint venture, Celadon receives about $50 million for equipment associated with the Quality business, “substantially” reducing the equipment held for sale or leasing.
Teams have been working on the joint venture since August, and it helps Celadon leave the “capital-intensive component” of the leasing business, reduce balance sheet debt, and convert its Quality Companies unit into what is described as “an asset-light” business, said Paul Will, Celadon's chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
"This joint venture expands Element's position in the Class 8 tractor sector and provides a great opportunity to broaden our range of fleet services across a larger market, with a great partner,” said Bradley Nullmeyer, Element's Chief Executive Officer.
Trump's one-two punch hits birth control, LGBT rights
WASHINGTON (AP) — In a one-two punch elating religious conservatives, President Donald Trump's administration is allowing more employers to opt out of no-cost birth control for workers and issuing sweeping religious-freedom directions that could override many anti-discrimination protections for LGBT people and others.
At a time when Trump finds himself embattled on many fronts, the two directives — issued almost simultaneously on Friday — demonstrated the president's eagerness to retain the loyalty of social conservatives who make up a key part of his base. Leaders of that constituency were exultant.
“President Trump is demonstrating his commitment to undoing the anti-faith policies of the previous administration and restoring true religious freedom,” said Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council.
Liberal advocacy groups, including those supporting LGBT and reproductive rights, were outraged.
“The Trump administration is saying to employers, ‘If you want to discriminate, we have your back,”‘ said Fatima Goss Graves, president of National Women's Law Center.
——
Stymied police seek help in uncovering Vegas gunman's motive
LAS VEGAS (AP) — After five days of scouring the life of Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock and chasing 1,000 leads, investigators confessed Friday they still don't know what drove him to mass murder, and they announced plans to put up billboards appealing for the public's help.
In their effort to find any hint of his motive, investigators were looking into whether he was with a prostitute days before the shooting, scrutinizing cruises he took and trying to make sense of a cryptic note with numbers jotted on it found in his hotel room, a federal official said.
So far, examinations of Paddock's politics, finances, any possible radicalization and his social behaviour — typical investigative avenues that have helped uncover the motive in past shootings — have turned up little.
“We still do not have a clear motive or reason why,” Clark County Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said. “We have looked at literally everything.”
The FBI announced that billboards would go up around the city asking anyone with information to phone 800-CALL-FBI.
——
US states declare emergency ahead of Tropical Storm Nate
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Tropical Storm Nate gained force as it sped past Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula late Friday after drenching Central America in rain that was blamed for at least 21 deaths. Forecasters said it was likely to reach the U.S. Gulf Coast as a hurricane over the weekend.
Louisiana and Mississippi officials declared states of state of emergency and Louisiana ordered some people to evacuate coastal areas and barrier islands ahead of its expected landfall Saturday night or early Sunday. Evacuations began at some offshore oil platforms in the Gulf.
Mississippi's government said it would open 11 evacuation shelters in areas away from the immediate coast, with buses available for people who can't drive.
The U.S. National Hurricane Center warned that Nate could raise sea levels by 4 to 7 feet (1.2 to 2.1 metres) from Morgan City, Louisiana, to the Alabama-Florida border. It had already had caused deadly flooding in much of Central America.
The centre added metropolitan New Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain to its latest hurricane warning.
——
Weinstein on ‘indefinite leave' during harassment inquiry
NEW YORK (AP) — Movie mogul Harvey Weinstein is on indefinite leave from the company he co-founded while an internal investigation into numerous sexual harassment allegations against him is completed, The Weinstein Co.'s board of directors announced Friday.
“We strongly endorse Harvey Weinstein's already announced decision to take an indefinite leave of absence from the Company, commencing today,” the board said in a statement. “As Harvey has said, it is important for him to get the professional help for the problems he has acknowledged. Next steps will depend on Harvey's therapeutic process, the outcome of the board's independent investigation and Harvey's own personal decisions.”
The announcement came a day after The New York Times reported that the co-chairman of the Weinstein Co. has over the years reached at least eight legal settlements with women over alleged harassment.
Attorney John Kiernan of the firm Debevoise & Plimpton LLP was named the head of the investigation. The Weinstein Co. board did not give a time frame for when the investigation would be completed.
“We believe it is important to learn the full truth regarding the article's very serious accusations, in the interests of the Company, its shareholders and its employees,” the company said. The statement was signed by four board members: co-chairman Bob Weinstein, who is Harvey Weinstein's brother, Tarak Ben Ammar, Lance Maerov and Richard Koenigsberg.
——
Extra special: Indians edge Yankees 9-8 in 13, take 2-0 lead
CLEVELAND (AP) — They've won this season in almost every way imaginable: comebacks, walk-offs, blowouts, nail-biters.
No. 104 for the Cleveland Indians topped them all.
Yan Gomes singled home Austin Jackson from second base with none out in the 13th inning as Cleveland rallied from five runs down to stun the New York Yankees 9-8 on Friday and snatch a 2-0 lead in the AL Division Series.
Despite an atrocious start by ace Corey Kluber, losing slugger Edwin Encarnacion with a severely sprained ankle in the first and facing the possibility of playing their final game at home, the Indians, with some help from a call that went their way, continued a charmed season growing more and more special by the day.
“The tendency of this team is to never give up,” Kluber said. “Even when we were down 8-3, we didn't believe the game was over. We never feel like we're out of a game.”
——
AP-NORC Poll: Just 24 per cent say US heading right direction
WASHINGTON (AP) — Just 24 per cent of Americans believe the country is heading in the right direction after a tumultuous stretch for President Donald Trump that included the threat of war with North Korea, stormy complaints about hurricane relief and Trump's equivocating about white supremacists. That's a 10-point drop since June, according to a poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.
The decline in optimism about the nation's trajectory is particularly pronounced among Republicans. In June, 60 per cent of Republicans said the country was headed in the right direction; now it's just 44 per cent.
The broader picture for the president is grim, too. Nearly 70 per cent of Americans say Trump isn't level-headed, and majorities say he's not honest or a strong leader. More than 60 per cent disapprove of how he is handling race relations, foreign policy and immigration, among other issues.
Overall, 67 per cent of Americans disapprove of the job Trump is doing in office, including about one-third of Republicans.
Tracy Huelsman, a 40-year-old from Louisville, Kentucky, is among them. A self-described moderate Republican, Huelsman said she's particularly concerned about the “divisiveness” she feels the president promotes on social media.
——
Analysis: Nobel says to Korea nuke players: We are watching
BANGKOK (AP) — They couldn't award it to Kim Jong-un or Donald Trump. That much was certain.
But the granting of the Nobel Peace Prize to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons opened itself to a clear interpretation across Asia: When it comes to the nuclear-saturated war of words on the Korean Peninsula, attention must be paid and treaties must be signed. And it must be done in a preventative way, at top speed, before something happens that can't be undone.
Looming in the background of the award announcement Friday was the sometimes scalding, sometimes tepid, never silent geopolitical scuffle this year between the young leader of the third-generation Pyongyang regime and the always voluble president of the United States.
Even the Nobel committee's language keyed in on that. It sounded like a plaintive cry to push parties to the negotiating table — to fix something that's already cracked before it's completely, irreversibly shattered.
The head of the group listed an assortment of the world's nuclear nations when she spoke after the win. But it was easy to find significance in the two she mentioned before all others — North Korea and the United States.
——
In Pacific, rising tensions evoke troubling nuclear legacy
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — As a young boy growing up on Bikini Atoll, Alson Kelen spent idyllic days playing on the beach and fishing.
His grandfather built canoes and his father tended the land. With fewer than 150 people on the remote Pacific island it was a close community, he says, with few signs of the former U.S. nuclear testing program other than the concrete bunkers he was told to avoid and the sunken ships in the lagoon.
But in 1978, when Kelen was 10, officials evacuated everybody. It turned out they'd been premature in declaring the Marshall Islands atoll safe again for humans. Radiation levels were still dangerously high.
More than 70 years after the first tests, the atoll remains contaminated today. It's part of a troubling nuclear legacy that continues to affect islands and people across the Pacific long after the U.S., Britain and France stopped their testing programs there.
As nuclear tensions rise in the Asia-Pacific region, Kelen and others are reflecting on that legacy anew.
——
In book, Ivana Trump relives divorce from future president
NEW YORK (AP) — A new book from Donald Trump's first wife pulls back the curtain on a tumultuous period of the president's life, including the messy divorce that was splashed across New York's tabloids for weeks.
Ivana Trump, who was married to the real estate magnate from 1977 to 1992, writes in “Raising Trump” that she knew her marriage was over soon after a day in December 1989.
“This young blonde woman approached me out of the blue and said ‘I'm Marla and I love your husband. Do you?”‘ writes Ivana Trump. “I said ‘Get lost. I love my husband.' It was unladylike but I was in shock.”
Trump's public affair with Marla Maples spawned the infamous “Best Sex I've Ever Had” headline in the New York Post in 1990. After divorcing his first wife, Trump married Maples in 1993.
“Raising Trump” is set to be released next week. The Associated Press purchased an early copy.
——
US back on track for World Cup, Pulisic leads rout of Panama
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Christian Pulisic burst up the field, scoring with a brilliant touch to complete an 11-second, breakneck, field-length attack just eight minutes in.
Then his cross found Jozy Altidore's right foot like an arrow striking a bull's-eye , leading to a two-goal lead in the 19th minute.
Exhale, U.S. fans.
Altidore converted a penalty kick with a chip in the 43rd after Bobby Wood was fouled, Wood added a goal in the 63rd and the United States routed Panama 4-0 on Friday night to put the Americans back on track to reach next year's World Cup.
“We needed a win, but the job's not done,” Pulisic said.
Submit on Tuesday, July 3rd, 2018 22:59
Russia does not have enough time to launch three Soyuz-ST launch vehicles from French Guiana before the end of 2018 as planned.
Related Post:Sky Brasil, DirecTV Brasil Finalize MergerOndas Media Gets CMT BackingOndas Expands Senior Management TeamNews Corp.'s Shareholders Approve DirecTV-Liberty Media SwapMilitary finds NLZSAT capacity too expensive, reportGrohe Sees Potential For GalileoOndas Media Signs Dutch Broadcast DealDirecTV Signs Deal With Audience Measurement ServiceSovrn
The Delhi High Court on Monday refused to entertain a petition asking to restrain the AAP government from paying Rs 1.22 crore to senior advocate Ram Jethmalani, who appeared for Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal in a defamation case slapped on him by Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
A division bench of Acting Chief Justice Gita Mittal and Justice Anu Malhotra refused to entertain the plea, saying this issue has already been pending before the Lt Governor.
“The LG is already seized of the matter. If the authorities are not taking any action against the issue raised by you, then only you can move the court,” the bench told the petitioner, advocate Alakh Alok Srivastava.
“There is no need of court's interference. Don't file unnecessary PILs (public interest litigations). Don't waste court's time,” the bench remarked. Srivastava later withdrew his plea from the court.
The lawyer asked that Delhi government be restrained from paying the fee to the lawyer from public money.
The plea also sought a direction to the Delhi government and Lt. Governor to immediately withdraw the December 21, 2016 file which approved the legal bills of Jethmalani towards professional services rendered to Kejriwal in the defamation case.
Jethmalani has been appearing for Kejriwal in the Rs 10 crore civil defamation suit filed by Jaitley against Kejriwal and five other Aam Aadmi Party leaders relating to alleged irregularities in the Delhi and District Cricket Association (DDCA) when he headed it.
Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia had directed the General Administration Department to clear the bills of Jethmalani. However, the Delhi government's Law Department had said the bills could not be cleared without Lt. Governor's nod.
Kejriwal had earlier said that he wanted the taxpayers to foot legal fee of Jethmalani as it was not his personal case. Jethmalani had also said that he was ready to represent Kejriwal in court for free after Delhi government sought Lt. Governor Anil Baijal's approval for the bill.
JD Wetherspoons has called time on a habit popular with many customers - asking staff to charge their mobile phones behind the bar.
The popular pub chain - famed for its curry club, fish Fridays and cut-price booze - have reportedly had enough of punters taking advantage of their hospitality by asking staff to juice up their mobiles at the bar.
And now they're introducing a nationwide ban.
A Wetherspoon spokesman said: "The bar itself is busy and we do not want people's phones there.
"We also do not want the hassle of phones being handed over the bar for charging.
"If people wish to charge their phone in the pub, then that would be up to the discretion of the manager."
The statement implies that Wetherspoons would prefer if nobody charged their phone at the bar - but that specific pubs will decide for themselves.
So there you have it: if you're heading to Wetherspoons and planning on checking emails, surfing the internet, or maybe even tweeting a picture of your burger and pint, make sure your phone is fully charged.
Last week, Wetherspoons was accused of ripping off customers by charging twice as much at airport branches.
The pub chain - which has over 1,000 branches around the country - charges just £2.95 for a children's breakfast on the high street, but as much as £6.05 at Stansted airport.
Its traditional breakfast, meanwhile, costs £4.95 in a high street branch and £9.65 at London's Stansted.
A Wetherspoon spokesman said: “There is a mark up between our high street pubs, mainly as a result in the difference between rent and rates.
“Airports are at the top end of the scale in respect of these costs.”
Middle Belt youths dissociate region from Igbo quit notice
Middle belt youths have condemned the recent quit notice issued Igbo living in the North by Arewa Youth Consultative Forum, saying Igbo, just like other Nigerians, have the right to live in any part of the country.
The youths, acting on the platform of All Middle Belt Youth Forum, AMBYF, said in a statement by the National Leader, Mr. Aluh Moses, and the National Secretary, Mr. Andzayi Jonathan, that the entire Middle Belt region was not part of the act.
According to the statement, “we condemn, in very strong terms, the so-called Kaduna Declaration by northern youths' coalition in its entirety, as it is a deliberate act of driving wedge between northerners and easterners.
“That the Middle Belt region is not part of the northern region. Hence, the Middle Belt Youth Forum distances itself and the entire Middle Belt region from such obnoxious declaration.”
They urged the northern youths to retract the declaration in the interest of peace and security.
Vanguard
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said on Saturday that if U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's administration moves its embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, Australia should do the same.
In an article published in The Spectator, a British weekly, Abbott also called on Canberra to cut its aid to the Palestinian Authority.
Abbott published the comments after travelling to Israel with a delegation of Australian and British lawmakers and officials.
Abbott said Australia should demonstrate "its unswerving support for Israel" by cutting "our $40 million a year in aid to the Palestinian Authority while it keeps paying pensions to terrorists and their families" and considering joining "any move by the Trump administration to move its embassy to Jerusalem."
Abbott also wrote that a "permanent settlement" should be reached that establishes a Palestinian state, noting that "the alternative is a kind of apartheid that's at odds with Israel's own values." But he asserted that there are "lots of lesser issues that could be fixed before this one is resolved."
Trump has promised on numerous occasions, including personally to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in a meeting in late September, to quickly move the embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
Last month, Haaretz reported on a December 1 meeting between Michael Flynn, Trump's designated national security adviser, Mossad chief Yossi Cohen and Israel's acting National Security Adviser Jacob Nagel. During the meeting, Flynn said that Trump is serious about moving the embassy to Jerusalem and intends to do so. This was the most significant confirmation Israel had heard on this issue since Trump won the election.
SEATTLE — California coach Justin Wilcox is on his own little reunion tour through the Pac-12 Conference.
Seeing old faces is the least of Wilcox's concerns at this point, with California having lost two straight and facing another major challenge on Saturday at No. 6 Washington.
Last week, Wilcox returned to his alma mater Oregon and watched the Ducks hand the Golden Bears a 45-24 setback. Now it's a trip north to Seattle and a matchup with his former employer — in multiple ways. Wilcox served as the defensive co-ordinator for Washington coach Chris Petersen for four seasons at Boise State. Wilcox was also the defensive co-ordinator at Washington for two years when Steve Sarkisian was the head coach.
“I just think he's a good football coach,” Petersen said of Wilcox. “I've known that for a long time, whether he's running the defence or a whole team. He knows how to coach the guys, get them going.”
Petersen and Wilcox were brief in their comments about each other this week. They're dealing with their own team issues.
Washington (5-0, 2-0 Pac-12) would like to end a string of sluggish starts. A year ago, Washington dominated most of its opponents early and cruised to victories. This year has been more of a struggle in the first half, highlighted by holding just a 7-0 lead at halftime last week at lowly Oregon State. The Huskies erupted for 35-point second half against the Beavers, but the slow starts are a concern for Petersen.
“We're going to address it. We'll talk to our guys,” Petersen said. “How do you fix the turnover situation when it's not going in your favour? It's the same thing — you practice on it, move things up in practice and get it going a little bit more. It's not because they are not trying, so you're always trying to be creative as coaches to fix every single problem that you have.”
California (3-2, 0-2) opened with three straight wins, but the Bears have since lost to Southern California and Oregon.
“We've got to execute more consistently. We've played well in spurts,” Wilcox said. “We just have to play better. It's a matter of doing the same thing over and over and over and executing at a high level more than sometimes.”
Here's what else to watch as the Bears and Huskies meet for the 98th time:
RUNNING DOWN A DREAM: Washington discovered its run game, which lagged through the first three weeks of the season.
Myles Gaskin is coming off consecutive 100-yard games after rushing for 113 yards on 15 carries last week against the Beavers. Lavon Coleman returned after missing the win over Colorado to add 70 yards against the Beavers. The Huskies are averaging nearly 5.9 yards per carry the past two weeks. Stopping the run remains a weakness for California. The Bears are giving up nearly 175 yards per game on the ground.
HOMECOMING: It will be a major homecoming for two of Cal's most important players. Quarterback Ross Bowers is from nearby Bothell, Washington, and linebacker Devante Downs is from Mountlake Terrace, Washington. Bowers had a great start to the season but has been prone to mistakes the last couple of weeks as the competition improved. Bowers threw four interceptions against USC and was sacked against Oregon seven times.
Downs leads the Pac-12 in tackles, averaging 10.8 per game.
“It's cool to see my family and friends, but it's just another week,” Downs said.
TURN IT OVER: California forced nine turnovers in the first three games and won the turnover battle in each game. Not surprisingly, the Bears started 3-0. During the two-game losing streak, the Bears have committed eight turnovers in the two losses.
FULL MOON FEVER: Washington is getting a little tired of late kickoffs, but there's not much relief soon. The Huskies will play consecutive games that kickoff at 7:45 p.m. PT. They've yet to play a game that started earlier than 5 p.m. local time. Petersen complained this week that the late starts are impacting the Huskies exposure.
Wilcox, too, wasn't a fan of the late start. The Bears already have a late kickoff scheduled for next Friday when they host Washington State.
“They tell us when the games are. If it was up to us, we wouldn't choose 7:45 p.m. But it's not up to us,” he said.
——
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
SAN DIEGO (CNS) - The San Diego Humane Society today announced a public naming contest for the 10,000th feline to be brought into its 24-hour kitten nursery, touted as the first of its kind in the country.
The domestic short-hair kitten is now in foster care until he's old enough to be adopted.
"Neonate kittens are the most vulnerable animal in shelters and I'm extremely proud that San Diego took the lead to establish a 24/7 nursery in 2009 to reduce the needless euthanasia of underage orphan kittens," said Gary Weitzman, president and CEO of San Diego Humane Society.
"Most shelters simply don't have the resources to care for fragile kittens around-the-clock," Weitzman said.
"We're very grateful to our staff, volunteers and donors who enable our important lifesaving work."
Young, orphaned kittens need to be bottle fed every 3-4 hours and receive the same attention they would normally receive from their mothers.
This comprehensive care is vital to both their physiological and behavioral development during a critical time of their lives, according to the Humane Society.
Once kittens reach about 4-5 weeks of age, they are typically moved to foster homes for socialization until they are old enough for adoption.
The kitten designated as the 10,000th was found in a box by the side of a road with seven littermates when they were just weeks old.
The public can suggest names for him online through Thursday at 5 p.m.
Have your say
An independent café in Leeds which was forced to close its doors last week has officially reopened in a new location.
Kapow Coffee announced their closure on their Facebook page on May 22, describing it as 'inevitable' because the building now has new owners.
They had occupied the unit for the past four years.
Today, the cafe said on Facebook that it is back at the Calls, moving to the foyer of number 46.
The café will be open from 7am to 5pm.
Will you be heading down to check out the new digs?
Read more at: Popular Leeds city centre shop closes its doors
We serve the dual restoration of Israel and the church.
Jonah delivered two major prophecies. The first is recorded in 2 Kings 14:25—to enlarge the borders of Israel.
It was a message of victory and power. He seemed to be very motivated to deliver this kind of prophecy.
The second was recorded in the Book of Jonah to bring repentance and revival to the nation of Assyria—a Gentile nation, often seen as an enemy of Israel. Jonah very much did not want to bring this message. It was counterintuitive and contrary to his motivation and orientation. He said no to the Lord.
He had to overcome his own resistance to the message. When he did (with the help of a big fish), the message brought revival to the whole nation. The message about repentance was based on his own personal testimony of a miraculous "death and resurrection" experience. That was a form of pre-gospel message. He fulfilled an image of Yeshua (Matt. 12:40).
An entire nation came to faith. This was an initial stage of the future international Gentile church. It was a predecessor to Paul's preaching to the Gentiles and establishing churches around the world.
In addition, the moral reformation in the nation of Assyria changed the whole society. They became the most powerful nation on the earth and dominated the history of the Middle East for the entire 8th century B.C. They became a great kingdom power on earth.
advertisement
Repentance, revival, testimony of Yeshua's future death and resurrection, Gentile church, kingdom authority, changing history ... all of that resulted from one message. Jonah's two prophetic messages were parallel, but the message to the Assyrians had more effect than the one directed to the Israelites. The message that required death to pride and ego produced more than the one of victory and power.
People are usually more motivated to deliver the types of messages that fit our idea of victory, but often it is the message that requires denying oneself and one's ambition is what has the greater results for the kingdom of God. Even Yeshua had to pray "not My will, but Yours" (Luke 22:42b) at Gethsemane before the crucifixion. Ultimately, that self-denying obedience produced much more fruit than His healing revivals before the cross.
We may also see in these two types of prophecies the two parallel paths of Israel and the church. The disciples of Yeshua wanted to "restore the kingdom to Israel" (Acts 1:6) in the first century. However, Yeshua instead sent them out to the Gentiles "to the ends of the earth" (Acts 1:8c). Perhaps, like Jonah, they didn't want to "give" the kingdom to the Gentiles.
Thank God, today we have the opportunity to do both. We serve the dual restoration of Israel and the church (Rom. 11). Both are coming to their fullness as we approach the coming kingdom of Messiah on earth.
Asher Intrater is the founder and apostolic leader of Revive Israel Ministries and oversees Ahavat Yeshua Congregation in Jerusalem and Tiferet Yeshua Congregation in Tel Aviv. Asher was one of the founders of Tikkun International with Dan Juster and Eitan Shishkoff and serves on the board of the Messianic Alliance of Israel and Aglow International. He and his wife and full-time partner in ministry, Betty, have a passion for personal prayer and devotion, local evangelism and discipleship in Hebrew and unity of the body of believers worldwide.
For the original article, visit reviveisrael.org.
3 Reasons Why you should read Life in the Spirit. 1) Get to know the Holy Spirit. 2) Learn to enter God's presence 3) Hear God's voice clearly! Go deeper!
Has God called you to be a leader? Ministry Today magazine is the source that Christian leaders who want to serve with passion and purpose turn to. Subscribe now and receive a free leadership book.
Did you enjoy this blog? Click here to receive it by email.
-
See an error in this article? This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump continues to warn of a looming March 5 deadline on immigration.
“March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Democrats are doing nothing about DACA. They Resist, Blame, Complain and Obstruct – and do nothing,” he tweeted Thursday. “Start pushing Nancy Pelosi and the Dems to work out a DACA fix, NOW!”
“We have a great chance to make a deal or, blame the Dems!” he added late. “March 5th is coming up fast.”
THE FACTS:
A recent court ruling leaves the March 5 deadline all but moot for now.
The deadline dates back to September 5, when Trump announced that he was ending the Obama administration's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, which provided protection from deportation and work permits for about 800,000 young people who were brought to the U.S. as children and are now living here illegally.
To lessen the blow, the administration announced that recipients whose status was set to expire before March 5 would be allowed to apply for renewals, so long as their applications were received within a month. Trump framed that as giving Congress six months to come up with a legislative fix.
But that timeline became far less significant when a federal court judge in San Francisco blocked Trump's action on the grounds that young immigrants would suffer “irreparable harm.”
In response, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services announced that it was once again accepting DACA renewals, processing them just as they had before Trump's September announcement — including renewals for applicants whose permits expire after March 5.
Asked whether that would change on March 5, USCIS said they could not speculate on any “potential outcomes,” but that the agency “will comply with the federal court order and will accept requests to renew a grant of deferred action under DACA.”
“Until further notice,” they added, “the DACA policy will be operated on the terms in place before it was rescinded on Sept. 5, 2017.”
Pressed on what then would change on March 5, a White House official said the administration was confident the courts would act ahead of that date. In the meantime, Trump has pressured Democrats in Congress to support an immigration proposal they say is a non-starter.
The Supreme Court will meet in private on Feb. 16 and on the agenda is the administration's bid to have the San Francisco judge's order reviewed before the end of the term in June.
It's a longshot strategy, but even if that succeeds, the judge's order to accept DACA renewals will remain in effect at least until the Supreme Court rules definitively.
The administration has chosen not to seek a stay of the order from the Supreme Court, meaning the administration has not asked the justices to block the California judge's order as it waits.
Unless there's a legislative resolution, it's unclear how the fight might be resolved by March 5, barring a surprise move by Trump.
In the meantime, thousands of DACA recipients have already lost protections and work authorization since Trump announced his decision on September 5.
While the court ruling allows recipients to reapply for deferred actions, those applications take months to adjudicate — months when applicants aren't allowed to work and could be detained and put in deportation proceedings.
Before the judge's ruling, the nonpartisan Migration Policy Institute had estimated an average of 915 people would lose DACA protections every day after March 5.
Adding to the uncertainly: Mixed messages from the administration.
Trump has repeated suggestions that he might be willing to push back his deadline, telling reporters recently, saying he has the right to do that if he wants.
But Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen has described that as possibly “unconstitutional” — the same argument made repeatedly by the Justice Department and by administration attorneys defending Trump's action in court.
“If Trump extends DACA, he'd be undermining the reason he gave for rescinding it,” said Leon Fresco, former top immigration aide to Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., who is now Senate minority leader.
For now, the immigration debate on the Hill appears to be at a standstill, with all sides digging in, and warning of an impending deadline that may come and go with little impact.
Both sides gain leverage by repeating it.
Trump is using the March 5 deadline to try to pressure Democrats to come to the table, while Democrats will likely spend the next month arguing that a failure to act leaves DACA recipients vulnerable, highlighting the inevitable stories about recipients losing jobs, being detained and living in fear.
But without a looming deadline, it seems doubtful there would be the same urgency to get something done.
—-
Associated Press writer Mark Sherman contributed to this report.
——
Find AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd
Follow https://twitter.com/APFactCheck
EDITOR'S NOTE — A look at the veracity of claims by political figures
ST. JOHN'S, N.L. — A tiny Newfoundland village is hoping to quickly remove the massive body of a humpback whale that has been stuck there since last fall, fearing the impending odour and mess as warmer weather approaches.
The whale's body was frozen and covered with snow for the winter months in Nameless Cove, but has become an urgent issue for the village.
Hank Diamond, a member of the local service district committee, says Nameless Cove is waiting on a price quote from contractors, and is hoping for provincial assistance.
Diamond reached out to Service NL after Fisheries and Oceans Canada told Nameless Cove the removal of the whale carcass is the municipality's responsibility.
The process will likely involve towing the body to another location to decompose, or be buried away from a settlement.
Dead smelly whales are not uncommon an issue for seaside Newfoundlanders: Last June, a dead humpback was lifted by crane in Outer Cove, N.L., and taken to a disposal site.
It isn't just Jeremy Corbyn who deserves scrutiny for his links to the murderous Venezuelan regime. UK PLC has approved millions of pounds worth of arms export licences to the country over the last decade. Meanwhile, “reputation management” PR specialists Bell Pottinger worked for Venezuela's state-owned oil company in 2014. Petroleos de Venezuela is one of the key arms of Nicolas Maduro's regime and needed help cleaning up its image after being hit with sanctions for trading with Iran. It has been accused of “gross mismanagement” and sacked workers who didn't support Venezuela's leader, pretty much summing up how the Venezuelan government does things. The book ‘Crude Nation‘ tells how Bell Pottinger conducted surveys for the Venezuelans about the concerns of their foreign partners. At least Jezza didn't actually take Maduro's petrodollars…
Bell Pottinger could do with some reputation management of their own at the moment. Aside from Venezuela, they are in front of the PRCA this week over allegations they helped stir up racial tensions in South Africa. Other recent clients have included the brutal regimes in Bahrain and Egypt, the dictator of Belarus and the wife of Syrian butcher Assad. Of course, those following Bell Pottinger's newest recruit on Twitter know they are not exactly fans of democracy…
LISBON, Portugal — Cameroon striker Vincent Aboubakar scored a hat trick in FC Porto's 5-0 victory at Setubal on Sunday, restoring its lead of the Portuguese league.
Aboubakar opened the scoring around the half-hour mark before Moussa Marega got his first of two goals for Porto.
Aboubakar then struck twice for his hat trick, which included a penalty kick that he earned when fouled by Vasco Fernandes.
Porto remained undefeated through 14 rounds and ahead of Sporting Lisbon on goal difference at the top of the standings. Benfica is three points behind in third place.
The lopsided victory comes after Porto midweek became the only Portuguese side to reach the last 16 of the Champions League.
Malabu scandal: Reps to decide on Jonathan's invitation
The House of Representatives ad hoc committee investigating the award of OPL 245, will reportedly meet today, Wednesday, to discuss the modalities for inviting former President Goodluck Jonathan. Jonathan has been indicted in his role in the Malabu scandal, according to the report of the committee. A member of the committee, headed by Hon. Rasak […]
Malabu scandal: Reps to decide on Jonathan's invitation
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
2019: 5 APC NWC Members Jostle For Guber Seats
By ANDREW ESSIEN,
Five National Working Committee (NWC) members of the Progressives Congress (APC), are eyeing seats of their respective states on the party's platform, investigations have revealed.
The NWC members aspiring to govern their states according to LEADERSHIP investigation include: the party's Deputy National Chairman, Engr. Segun Oni (Ekiti State); National Auditor, Chief George Moghalu (Anambra State); National Publicity Secretary, Mallam Bolaji Abdullahi (Kwara State); National Secretary, Alh. Mai Mala BuniB (Yobe State) and the National Youth Leader, Hon. Ibrahim Dasuki Jalo (Gombe State).
With the exception of Anambra which is currently being governed by the Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA), Ekiti and Gombe states are being governed by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), while Yobe and Kwara states are in the grips of the APC.
While the governorship elections of Anambra and Ekiti states would hold this year and next year respectively, the three others would hold in 2019.
Recall that Oni who is aspiring to govern Ekiti State next year was governor of the state between 2007 and 2008 on the platform of the PDP before he was removed by court.
Oni was defeated by Dr. Kayode Fayemi, who is now the Minister of Solid Minerals Development. The incumbent, Ayo Fayose, in turn defeated Fayemi.
He is however believed to be a loyalist of the party's national leader, Bola Tinubu.
Also, the National Youth Leader and former President of ALGON, Dasuki Jalo is said to be banking on his father in-law and former governor of Gombe State, Senator Danjuma Goje to govern Gombe State.
Abdulahi, a former minister of Sports in the administration of former President Goodluck Jonathan is in the race for the Kwara State governorship position with two other staunch loyalists of the Senate
President, Dr. Bukola Saraki. They are a two-time member of the House of Representatives, Hon. Zakari Mohammed and the current Speaker of the state House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Ali Ahmad, who is also a former member of the House of Representatives.
Abdullahi is reportedly in good position to win Saraki's backing, a
key factor in the Kwara governorship election. The Senate President is said to have played a key role in his unanimous nomination by the APC North Central caucus for the position of the party's publicity secretary.
Already, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has announced the dates for the Anambra State governorship election coming up this year and the elections for 2019, while the Commission was yet to announce the Ekiti State governorship election, which would hold next year.
The post 2019: 5 APC NWC Members Jostle For Guber Seats appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Change text size for the story
NIGHT LIFE
DOC MAGILLIGAN'S RESTAURANT & IRISH PUB: Feb. 16, LMT Connection. Feb. 17, Moore/Vince. Feb. 18, The Generation Train. 6400 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls
DUNN STREET GRILL: Ron Hoover, Feb. 18. Jon Klawz, Feb. 25. 6095 Dunn St., Niagara Falls. 905-357-1011.
THE BAR UPSTAIRS: Mighty Duck Blues Band matinee with Bill Durst, Feb. 18. 16 Melbourne Ave., St Catharines.www.thebarupstairs.com.
THE OLD WINERY: Feb. 17, the Old Winos with Kim and Frank Koren. Feb. 18, the Niagara Rhythm Section with Serena Pryne and Nick Riot Lesyk. 2228 Niagara Stone Rd. Niagara-on-the-Lake 905-468-8900
JORDAN HOUSE TAVERN: Soultown, Feb. 18. John Claus, Feb. 24. Marty Allen Band, Feb. 25, Max Hillier Band. 3751 Main St., Jordan. 905-562-9591 ext. 6. www.jordanhouse.ca
BUCHANANS STEAK & SEAFOOD: Frank Krahn, pianist. Feb. 18, 6:30 pm, 6022 Stanley Ave., Niagara Falls. (DoubleTree), 905-353-4111, niagarafallsdoubletree.com
MEGALOMANIAC WINERY: Friday Night Jazz, Juliet Dunn Quartet. Feb 17, 7 p.m. 3930 Cherry Ave., Vineland. 905-562-5155 www.julietdunn.ca / www.megalomaniacwine.com
MONTY'S GASTROPUB: Feb. 18, Tony Springer. Feb. 26, LMT Connection. 547 Ontario St., St. Catharines, 905-397-7770
CRACKER JACKS BAR AND GRILL: Big Dave Trio Feb. 18. Sonic Suede Feb. 25. Figure 4 March 4, 207 Keefer Rd., Thorold 905-680-5066
OTHER STUFF
LIFETREE CAFE: Crop Circles: They're Not What You Think, Feb. 16, 7 p.m. 3840 Dominion Rd., Ridgeway. Free event
CANADIAN-POLISH SOCIETY: Fish fry, Feb. 17, 4 pm - 7 pm. 43 Facer St., St. Catharines
ROYAL CANADIAN LEGION BR. 24: Fish Fry, Feb. 17. 5 p.m. - 7 p.m. 15 George St., St. Catharines. 905-685-8461
VALENTINE DINNER DANCE, DUNLOP OLDER ADULT CENTRE: Feb. 17, 6 p.m. 80 Dunlop Dr., St. Catharines. Music by Brad Boland. Members $17. Non-members $20. 905-685-6668, 905-682-2144
THE REEDS HARMONICA BAND: Meets Feb. 10, 10 a.m. Trinity United Reformed Church, 99 Scott St., St. Catharines. New players welcome, also looking for new director. Next playout Feb. 24, 5:30 p.m. Heritage Village Retirement Club, Vineland.
PROGRESSIVE EUCHRE: Feb. 18, 1 p.m. Royal Canadian Legion Br. 613 Ladies Auxiliary,141 Hwy 20 East Fonthill. $10/person.905-341-7237 or 905-892-3438.
SUNDAY SOCIAL DANCE: Feb. 19, 6:30 p.m. Royal Canadian Legion Br. 418. 292 Vine St., St. Catharines. $10/person. Music by Black Tie. info@niagarabanquethall.com 905-935-3242
ROYAL CANADIAN LEGION BR. 51 CATCH THE ACE DRAW: Tuesdays, 4 p.m. Tickets on sale Tuesday through Saturday. 5610 Fraser St., Niagara Falls. 905-354-8331
ST. CATHARINES PUBLIC LIBRARY: Peru, lands of clouds, jungles and ancient mysteries with speaker Erica Jurus, Feb. 21. Executors and estate planning with speakers Patti Semple and Steve Nagy. 54 Church St., St. Catharines, free. 905-688-6103 ext. 211. www.stcatharines.library.on.ca
FENIAN RAID: Author and historian June Chipp gives a presentation on the Fenian invasion of 1866, focusing on the fight at the Fort Erie docks. Feb. 21, 7 p.m., Niagara Falls Public Library, 4848 Victoria Ave., 905-994-7188.
FORT ERIE PUBLIC LIBRARY: No excuses moms' work out, Feb. 21. Passages Canada speaker Kenny Gwena recounts experiences as a refugee and newcomer, Feb. 22. 905-871-2546, 905-894-1281, www.fepl.ca for times and locations.
FRIENDLY CLUB SENIORS BINGO: Feb. 22, 1 pm. Doors open at noon. Wesley United Church, 244 First Ave., North Welland. Wheelchair accessible. Everyone welcome
HERITAGE PROGRAM LIFE AND DEATH ON THE WELLAND CANAL: Dunnville District Heritage Assocation. Feb. 22, 7 p.m. Grandview Lodge Auditorium, 657 Lock St., W., Dunnville. Free admission, donations welcome. www.dunnvilleheritage.org.
CLUB ITALIA NIGHT WITH FRIENDS DINNER: Feb. 23, 7 p.m. Tickets $25 per person. 2525 Montrose Rd., Niagara Falls. 905-374-7388.
UKRAINIAN GREEK CATHOLIC CHURCH: Feb. 25 visit by Sviatoslav Shevchuk, patriarch of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church. Divine Liturgy at 9 a.m. followed by reception and light breakfast. St. John the Baptist Hungarian Greek Catholic Church, 111 Second St., Welland.
SEPARATED AND DIVORCED HEALING MINISTRY: Support group, Feb. 27, 7 p.m. Mount Carmel Spiritual Centre, 7020 Stanley Ave., Niagara Falls. 905-356-4113 or 905‑684‑0154 or separatedanddivorced@saintcd.com.
ST. CATHARINES PHOTOGRAPHIC CLUB: Portraiture using speed lights and strobes, Feb. 28, 7:30 p.m. Grantham Mennonite Brethren Church, 469 Grantham Ave., St. Catharines. http://stcphotoclub.ca/
PANCAKE SUPPER: Feb. 28, First Lutheran Church, 688 Elm St., Port Colborne. 5 p.m. - 6:30 p.m. Adults $7, children under 10 $3. 905-834-0590 or 905-835-8111
PANCAKE LUNCH/DINNER: Feb. 28. Lunch, 11:30 a.m. - 1 p.m. Dinner, 5 p.m. - 6:30 p.m. $7 adult, $3 child. Scottlea Presbyterian Church, 515 Scott St., St. Catharines.
WELLAND'S WALL OF ART: Featuring Welland multimedia artist Diane Goulet-Kozar. Northwest entrance to Civic Square. 905-735-4463, diannakitmete@sympatico.ca for more information.
BROCK UNIVERSITY
DROPPED THREADS: VISA 3F99 Independent Study. Until March 10. Marilyn I. Walker School of Fine and Performing Arts, 15 Artists' Common, St. Catharines. https://brocku.ca/miwsfpa, 905-688.5550 ext. 4765. Free community event.
THEATRE
FIREHALL THEATRE: Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? Until Feb. 25. Adults $20. Students/Seniors $18. 4990 Walnut St., Niagara Falls. www.firehalltheatre.com, 905-356-4953.
GARRISON LITTLE THEATRE: Jacques Plante and the Parkdale Knitting League. Feb. 17, 18, 19, 24, 25. Italo Canadian Club, 1101 DiPietro St. Tickets available at Fort Erie paints, 401 Garrison Rd., Fort Erie. 905-991-8181. www.garrisonlittletheatre.com
FIRSTONTARIO PERFORMING ARTS CENTRE: Feb. 17, 18. Volcano Theatre, Infinity. Shaun Majumder, Feb. 25. 250 St. Paul St., St. Catharines. 905-688-5601
MY FAIR LADY: Port Colborne Operatic Society, Feb. 18 - March 5. $25 reserved tickets. 905-834-7572. PortColborneOperaticSociety.com
MUSIC
SENECA QUEEN THEATRE: Sandman: Tribute to Metallica, Feb. 18. That Canadian Guy: Glen Foster, Feb. 25. 4624 Queen St., Niagara Falls, 905-353-9461, www.senecaqueen.ca.
FIRSTONTARIO PERFORMING ARTS CENTRE: Feb. 16, Classic Albums Live, Fleetwood Mac's Rumours. Ladysmith Black Mambazo, Feb. 17. Whitehorse, Feb. 23. 250 St. Paul St., St. Catharines. 905-688-5601
YOUNG AT HEART SINGERS: Feb. 16, 7 p.m. Trinity Church, Thorold. 905-932-7775. All welcome.
BLUE SUEDE SHOES, THE STORY OF ELVIS: Until Feb. 19, Scotiabank Convention Centre, Niagara Falls. 905-704-8026, musicsgreatesticons.com
CHORUS NIAGARA: Feb. 18, 10 a.m. - 3 p.m. 11th annual sing-a-thon fundraiser, Seaway Mall, Welland. 905-934-5575 www.chorusniagara.ca
AVANTI CHAMBER SINGERS: Feb. 18, 7:30 p.m. with guest ensemble Harmonia Singers of Buffalo, Light and Dark. Covenant Christian Reformed Church, 278 Parnell Rd., St. Catharines. Tickets: $25 adults; $20 seniors & students. Advance tickets available from Thorold Music, Booksmart and members of Avanti Chamber Singers. Brocku.ca/miwsfpa. 905-688-5550 ext. 4765
SERENADE TO SINATRA LOVE SONGS: Feb. 19, 2 p.m. George Brasovan's Trio, St. John's Parish Hall, Jordan. Wine and appetizers. Tickets $20. 905-562-7461
A CAPPELLA NIAGARA: Men's chorus meets Feb. 21, 7 p.m. Fonthill United Church, 42 Church Hill. 905-246-9966, 905-892-2336.
COMMMUNITY
SHOULDER 2 SHOULDER: Gently used clothing and household goods. Feb. 16, 17. 10 a.m. - 1 p.m. Also, lunch offered in conjunction with Redeemer Bible Church, Feb. 24, 10:30 - 1:30 p.m. St. Andrews United Church. 5645 Morrison St. Niagara
Falls. 905-356-1624
WAINFLEET LIBRARY: Time for Tots and Craft, Feb. 16. Lego/light up laser pegs, Feb. 18. Classic book club, Feb. 23. Songs, Stories, Books and Bubbles, Feb. 27. 31909 Park St., Wainfleet. 905-899-1277, www.wainfleetlibrary.ca.
REFLECTION ON THE LIFE OF SPIRIT RUHI INSTITUTE: Free Bahai program, Feb. 16, 7 p.m. 11 Harmony Dr., Niagara-on-the-Lake. 905-359-6107
PELHAM ART ASSOCIATION: Watercolor classes and/or acrylic classes with Gloria Kingma, Feb. 16, 23, March 2, 9, 16, 23. Pelham Public Library, 43 Pelham Town Square, Fonthill, 905-892-4625 or mpartstudio@hotmail.com, http://pelhamartassociation.ca/
WELLAND HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY: Meets Feb. 18, 1 p.m. Vermeer's Garden Centre. Floral Arrangements will be made by pre-registration. All welcome. wellandhorticulture@gmail.com, 905-735-5132.
FAMILY FRIENDLY DROP-IN ART STUDIO: Feb. 19, 11 a.m. - 4 p.m. $2 suggested donation/per participant. The Niagara Pumphouse Arts Centre, 247 Ricardo St., Niagara-on-the-Lake. 905-468-5455. www.niagarapumphouse.ca​
FAMILY DAY ZUMBATHON & SILENT AUCTION FUNDRAISER TO CONQUER CANCER: Feb. 20, 2 pm – 3:30 pm. Energy Fitness, 89 Meadowvale Dr., St. Catharines. Adults $20 Children $10. elna9@hotmail.com, 905-347-1937
PAINT NITE: For Sing Niagara, deadline to register for March 9 event is Feb. 21. Event to be held Boston Pizza, 333 Ontario St., St Catharines, https://www.paintnite.com/events/_1160025, info@singniagara.com
SCOTTISH COUNTRY DANCING: Feb. 21, 7:30 p.m. Folk Arts Multicultural Centre, 85 Church St., St Catharines. First class free for new members. www.rscdsstcatharines.ca
CARP NIAGARA CHAPTER 31: Monthly meeting Feb. 21. Ina Grafton Gage Village 413 Linwell Rd., St Catharines. 289-397-0597
PARKINSON SUPPORT GROUP: Monthly meeting Feb. 22, 1:30 p.m. St. Columba Church, St. Columba Drive, St. Catharines
PORT COLBORNE ART CLUB: Drawing classes with Keith Walker, Feb. 27, March 6, 13. Watercolour classes with Carol Henderson Pew, Feb. 21, 28, March 7. Acrylic classes with Esa Nieminen, March 1, 8, 22, 29, April 5, 12. Oil classes with George Doros, March 20, 27, April 3, 10, 24. Bethel Community Centre, 2703 Chippawa Rd. East. 905-899-1215.
JORDAN ART GALLERY: Featuring work by David Drum. Open Wed - Sun, 10am to 5pm, wheelchair accessible. 3845 Main St, jordanartgallery.com.
EMPLOYMENT SOLUTIONS: Getting ready for the job fair, Feb. 22, free. Online applications, Feb. 23, free. 3 East Main St., Welland. 905-788-3751 to register.
WELLAND PUBLIC LIBRARY: Knitting Club, Feb. 22. Maker Club (creating models and objects for 3D printing) Feb. 22. www.wellandlibrary.ca 905-734-6210 ext. 2521
HISTORICAL SOCIETY OF ST. CATHARINES: Dennis Gannon presents Images of the Home Front: St. Catharines During World War, Feb. 23, 7:30 p.m., St. Catharines Museum, 1932 Welland Canals Pkway. Free. All welcome. http://stcatharineshistory.wordpress.com
WAINFLEET HISTORICAL SOCIETY: Donna Ford will present Black Soldiers in World War I. Feb. 27, 7:30 p.m. Marshville Heritage Village, Wainfleet. 905-386-6978
SHROVE TUESDAY PANCAKE SUPPER: Feb. 28, 5 - 7 pm. Concordia Lutheran Church, 105 Welland Rd., Fonthill. Tickets: Adults $10, Children 6-12 $5, 5 and under free.
JORDAN ART GALLERY: New works in glass, raku, and wood turning. Paintings in oil, acrylic, textiles, encaustic and more. 3638 Main St., Jordan. Wheelchair accessible. jordanartgallery.com
As the Ontario Liberals' hastily arranged speech from the throne unfurled Monday, so too did the bald choice that voters seemingly face in the province's June election.
Premier Kathleen Wynne's Liberal government provided sketchy details of what's already being billed as a deficit budget next week — increased spending on everything from pharmacare to free post-secondary tuition.
The speech came just two hours after Andrea Horwath staked out similar ground on the left. The NDP leader outlined a $1.2-billion program to provide dental coverage for everyone, and revealed she would both bring in a deficit and raise taxes on big business and the rich.
Doug Ford, the new Conservative leader, was absent Monday as the Queen's representative, Elizabeth Dowdeswell, read Wynne's words to the legislature. But he has pledged a much different approach to governing, including almost $6 billion in budget cuts, less red tape and various tax reductions.
As election season unofficially kicks off, room at the ideological centre seems comparatively vacant.
“Doug Ford's natural inclination is to lean right,” says pollster Lorne Bozinoff of Forum Research. “So I think the Liberals are using that to their advantage, thinking they're going to come out with this progressive agenda. There is a vacuum in the centre, but they don't think Doug Ford is going to claim that vacuum.”
The government unexpectedly announced last week that it was proroguing the house, and starting a new session with the throne speech. It also revealed that next Wednesday's budget would include an $8-billion deficit, signalling major new spending.
Hints of that largesse came through in Monday's speech.
The Liberals promised to make “significant investments” in hospitals and home care, improve mental health services and reduce the cost of child care. They also pledged to expand the program that already provides prescription drugs free to young people, make more Ontarians eligible for no-cost post-secondary education and fund additional apprenticeships.
“After delivering a balanced budget this year, your government has made a deliberate choice to make more investments in the care and the services that the people of this province rely on,” the speech said.
Both opposition parties lambasted the Liberals for what they called a desperate ploy by an unpopular government.
“They will say and promise anything to stay in power,” Ford said in a statement, noting that the party already oversees the largest debt in the world for a non-national government. “Today, the premier wrote a lot of cheques. Having looked at the finances, I can tell the people of Ontario that these cheques are going to bounce.”
Horwath and her staff earlier outlined a plan to provide dental treatment to the third of Ontarians with no coverage now.
Her government would require all employers that don't already have dental plans to enroll their employees in a government-administered program. Companies would pay 75 per cent of the cost — estimated at about $900 per person yearly — and workers 25 per cent.
Subsidies would make the plans free for those earning less than $30,000 a year, and at a reduced cost for people making between $30,000 and $50,000.
The province would also fund dental care for uninsured senior citizens and welfare recipients.
Horwath had previously announced her party would also campaign on a universal pharmacare program.
The NDP leader brushed off a suggestion that Wynne may be trying to outflank her party on the left with a similar platform.
“What New Democrats are offering is change for the better and we're excited to show people that they don't have to keep choosing between bad and worse,” she said. “They don't have to settle for either Liberals or Conservatives.”
Ford has no seat in the legislature and can't take part in the debates there, but was scheduled to appear at a “unity rally” with his three former leadership rivals Monday night.
• Email: tblackwell@postmedia.com | Twitter: tomblackwellNP
KINGSPORT, TN (WJHL) – A lane closure and shifts in traffic patterns will take place starting Tuesday as city crews work on sewer line repairs and improvements along Memorial Boulevard.
According to a news release from the City of Kingsport, the repairs will take place Tuesday and Wednesday between 8:30 a.m. and 8 p.m. each day.
As repairs are taking place, Memorial Boulevard will be down to one lane in the eastbound direction between John. B. Dennis Highway and Harbor Chapel Road.
According to the release, westbound traffic will be shifted over to the inside eastbound lane. Memorial Boulevard will be one-lane each way for those two days.
City officials said Beverly Hill Road will also be shutdown at the intersection with Memorial Boulevard.
Anyone traveling through the area should use either Hawthorne Street or Glenwood Street to access Memorial Boulevard.
For more information, call 423-224-2546, or visit the notices page at http://www.kingsporttn.gov.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
HUDDERSFIELD, England (AP) — Huddersfield says head coach David Wagner has signed a contract extension to stay at the Premier League club for three more years.
Wagner, his assistant Christophe Buhler and first-team coach Andrew Hughes all signed new deals that will keep them at the club until 2021.
The trio all had 12 months left on their previous contracts, and Wagner had been linked with bigger clubs after an impressive debut season in the Premier League.
However, the German-American said "the decision to extend my stay at this club was not a difficult one."
Wagner took over Huddersfield in November 2015 and then led the team to promotion to the Premier League in his first full season. The team finished 16th in its first season in England's top flight in 45 years.
GAINESVILLE, Fla. — Former Florida receiver Antonio Callaway failed a drug test at the NFL combine, a mistake that could damage his draft status.
A person with knowledge of the situation says NFL teams were made aware of the result Tuesday. The person spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity because the league does not release that information publicly.
NFL Network first reported Callaway's failed test.
It was the latest misstep for a talented but troubled receiver who was once considered a lock to be a first-round draft pick. Now, some teams surely will take the 21-year-old Callaway off their draft board. Failing a drug test at the combine, a place prospects know they're going to be tested, is widely considered one of the more head-scratching results of the pre-draft process.
For Callaway, it's another huge red flag.
Callaway was suspended all of last season as part of an investigation into felony credit card fraud. He also was cited for marijuana possession in May 2017, stopped by police while riding in a car with a career criminal, and was part of a Title IX investigation in 2016 that centred on an alleged sexual battery. He testified during that case he was high on marijuana during the incident and was later found not responsible for the alleged misconduct.
At Florida's pro day last month, Callaway said every NFL team he spoke to at the scouting combine in Indianapolis and since wanted to know about the same thing: His past.
“They already know I'm a good athlete. Just know I'm not a bad person,” said Callaway, who appeared out of shape and was working with his second agent in less than six months. “Somebody's just got to believe in me.”
Callaway also said the recent birth of his first child, a daughter, changed him.
Callaway caught 89 passes for 1,399 yards and 11 touchdowns in two seasons at Florida. He hasn't played since the Outback Bowl on Jan. 2, 2017.
The Miami native was one of nine Florida players suspended during the 2017 season while being investigated for fraud.
According to police, Callaway used a stolen credit card to add $1,970 to his campus bookstore account and then used the money to purchase a high-end computer and fancy headphones. He eventually entered a pretrial intervention program that could result in the dismissal of the felony charges.
——
More college football coverage: http://www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
——
More NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
The population of Parker County is growing rapidly. More people means more cars, and more cars mean the need for more and better roads. The coming week will be a challenge for local motorists because of a number of overlapping projects:
The FM 1187 bridge over I-20 will be closed Tuesday-Friday of this week. Service Roads will be open for east-west traffic.
The portion of Bankhead Hwy. between Dean Road and Vernon Road (access to Coder Elementary School area) will be closed beginning Wednesday, Aug. 16, and remain closed through Aug. 23. UPDATE (As of 4:30 p.m. Aug. 14, the date of the Bankhead closure has been delayed to Aug. 21-25 .
. In Hudson Oaks, the bridge over I-20 will be closed Wednesday night, Aug. 16, at 8 p.m. and will re-open the following morning at 6 a.m. Roughly the same hours, westbound I-20 will be closed at the Hudson Oaks bridge. as will eastbound 180. Then, on Thursday, Aug. 17, the eastbound I-20 service road at the Hudson Oaks bridge will be closed.
Sidewalks, crosswalk markings, retaining wall work and yellow flashers work along FM 5 & FM 1187 in Aledo is set to begin this week through late fall 2017. TxDOT said it will work with the Aledo school district to have minimal disruption to school traffic.
The Weatherford Transportation and Public Works Department begins resurfacing East Bankhead Highway from Fort Worth Street to Ikard Lane today, Monday, Aug. 14. This construction project is estimated to last approximately two weeks, weather permitting.
Recommendations: Google Maps, Mapquest, or stay home!
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Virginia honors 1951 civil rights hero for first time
| By
Virginia is now honoring a civil rights hero whose school walkout she led in 1951 later became part of the landmark Supreme Court decision outlawing school segregation. Barbara Johns was 16 when she helped lead a strike protesting the very unequal conditions among schools in Prince William County — and did so in the face of threats to her life. Yesterday, and for the first time, Virginia officially honored Barbara Johns. WFIR's Evan Jones has more:
004-24 Barbara Johns Wrap1-WEB
BERLIN (AP) — More than 100 outfits created by Gianni Versace from the 1970s to the 1990s are going on show in Berlin, some 20 years after the designer's death.
Organizers of the "Gianni Versace Retrospective" exhibition opening Tuesday at the German capital's Kronprinzenpalais put together the show with contributions from private collectors around the world. The wide-ranging exhibit covers both women's and menswear, and includes pieces such as a tailcoat ensemble with striped waistcoat made for Sting's wedding in 1992.
Co-curator Karl von der Ahe said the show stemmed from a chance meeting with a major Versace collector, which generated a desire to "show the breadth of the work." He said that the collectors "all have their ambition and a certain jealousy."
The exhibition runs until April 13.
Using anonymized cell phone data from Here Technologies, Sahil Chinoy for The Washington Post mapped how far you can drive out of major cities during various times of the day. I used to do the kind of math — as I muttered in rage driving out of Los Angeles during rush hour, which by the way is four hours long.
MONTREAL — The Montreal Canadiens signed undrafted forward Alexandre Alain to a three-year entry-level contract on Tuesday.
The 21-year-old Alain, a right-hand shot centre, was third in Quebec Major Junior Hockey League scoring this season with 44 goals and 87 points for the Blainville-Boisbriand Armada.
The six-foot-one 185-pound Alain attended the Canadiens rookie camp in September but was returned to the Armada.
By The Canadian Press
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
Ice cream and slices of a Hannah Montana-themed birthday cake were being served at a 9-year-old girl's party outside a Fort Worth apartment when a man dressed in black got out of a car, grabbed a laser-sighted semi-automatic rifle from the trunk and opened fire.
About 20 people — more than a dozen of them children — scurried to get inside the home. Six were hit. Two of them were killed: Annette Stevenson, 48, and her 5-year-old granddaughter, Queshawn Stevenson.
A former Fort Worth street gang member, Erick Daniel Davila, 31, is scheduled to be executed Wednesday for the slayings 10 years ago.
He'd be the fifth inmate executed in Texas this year and ninth nationally.
Davila's attorneys asked the U.S. Supreme Court to halt his lethal injection, arguing it was improper for Davila's trial judge, Sharen Wilson, now the Tarrant County district attorney, to request an execution date. They also questioned the role of a lawyer working with Wilson on capital appeals cases who previously represented Davila in an earlier appeal.
"It clearly shocks the consciences and offends the basic notion of fair play," lawyer Seth Kretzer told the justices in a filing.
The appeal also contends prosecutors withheld information that Davila was high on drugs at the time of the shootings. His attorneys argued that could have influenced jurors to decide on a lesser penalty, and they questioned whether the way Texas juries decide death sentences is constitutionally proper.
State attorneys said Wilson never represented Davila and state law and court rulings allow her office to represent the state's interests in the case. Prosecutors also argued Wilson prohibits assistants from participating in cases where they were defense lawyers and that courts have upheld the state's capital sentencing procedure.
They also said evidence showed Davila's trial attorneys were provided notes from police investigators. Katherine Hayes, an assistant Texas attorney general, told the high court that evidence did not show Davila was on drugs at the time and that the shooting "was the result of intentional deliberate action."
Defense lawyers at Davila's trial tried to show he didn't intend to kill multiple people, a criterion for the capital murder charge. They argue he only intended to kill Jerry Stevenson, whose daughter and mother were shot to death. Authorities said Jerry Stevenson belonged to a rival gang, which he denied, but whose members Davila blamed for shooting him in 2005.
Queshawn Stevenson's sister, then 11, testified she saw a man April 6, 2008, inside the dark car holding a gun with "a red dot" on it and pointed it at her family's residence. Then she saw him standing next door and shoot at the porch as screaming people "stacked up on top of each other" trying to funnel through the front door and seek safety inside.
Davila was caught the next day after a brief police chase. He told police in one of several statements he wanted to do a "shoot em up," according to court documents.
Davila previously was in prison for a 2004 burglary in Tarrant County and was released after about a year.
Known on the streets as "Truman" and wearing a "Truman Street Bloods" tattoo on his chest, Davila was accused but not tried for another fatal shooting days before the birthday party slayings. While awaiting trial for capital murder, evidence showed he attacked Tarrant County jailers and maintenance workers during an escape attempt.
Davila's mother testified he was the result of her being raped at age 13 by a friend of her alcoholic father. At the time of his trial, testimony showed Davila's father was in prison for a murder conviction.
Charges against the getaway driver, Garfield Thompson II, were dropped after he pleaded guilty in unrelated cases. He's serving 20 years in prison.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
WARSAW, Poland — Poland's new prime minister, Mateusz Morawiecki, was officially sworn into office Monday along with the Cabinet members who served under his predecessor.
The country's prime minister during the last two years, Beata Szydlo, was sworn in as deputy prime minister during the ceremony at the Presidential Palace.
There had been speculation in Poland Monday that the Cabinet might undergo immediate changes. That proved not to be the case as the other ministers took their oaths one-by-one and signed declarations pledging to observe the Constitution.
Morawiecki, who previously held the posts of deputy prime minister and minister of finance and development, was picked last week to head the government by Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the powerful leader of the ruling Law and Justice party. Kaczynski attended the swearing-in ceremony.
Szydlo was popular among Poles, but the country's image abroad has suffered as a result of the conservative government's refusal to accept migrants, pursuit of logging in a virgin forest and more assertive stance toward Germany.
Perhaps the most critical point of controversy has been the way Law and Justice has consolidated the government's control over the judiciary, something the European Union sees as a violation of the rule of law.
Explaining the switch in leadership, party officials said the government needs to focus on the economy, which has grown in recent years but is seen as in need of a push for innovation — and to improve Poland's standing in the European Union and with other foreign nations.
Morawiecki, a former banker who speaks English and German, is seen as better prepared to represent Poland internationally.
He is set to make his first policy speech Tuesday to Poland's parliament and will face a confidence vote from lawmakers. The ruling party has a majority in parliament, so his approval as prime minister is all but certain.
Morawiecki suggested earlier there would be some changes to the Cabinet in January.
WASHINGTON — Congressional Democrats are starting to send thousands of dollars in contributions to charity, hoping to distance themselves from disgraced Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein.
The nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics says Weinstein and his family have given candidates and political groups more than $1.4 million since the 1992 election. Nearly all has gone to Democrats and their allies.
Several Democrats have announced plans to donate money to charities, including Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and two possible presidential candidates, Sens. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Kirsten Gillibrand of New York.
Republican Party Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel says “returning this dirty money should be a no-brainer.”
The New York Times reported Thursday that the 65-year-old film executive has reached legal settlements with at least eight women over alleged sexual harassment.
ROUYN NORANDA, Que. — A barber from western Quebec is drawing widespread praise for going out of his way to accommodate a young client with autism.
A photo posted online last week shows Francis “Franz” Jacob lying on the floor of his Rouyn-Noranda shop as he gives a young boy named Wyatt a haircut.
The 45-year-old says he's stunned by all the attention he's gotten after the photo was widely shared on social media sites.
Jacob says Wyatt doesn't usually sit still for haircuts so he bought a pair of wireless clippers in order to follow him around.
He says he has a few other clients with autism or other special needs and always finds a way to adapt to their needs.
Rouyn-Noranda is about 600 kilometres northwest of Montreal.
Copyright infringement: Author slams N100m lawsuit on Stephanie Okereke for ‘Dry'
Nollywood actress, Stephanie Okereke, has been slammed a N100m lawsuit by an author – Daniella Madudu – for alleged copyright infringement of her book titled: “Behind Her Veil.” Madudu claims that major parts of her book were lifted and used without any form of acknowledgement to her in Stephanie Okereke's movie – “Dry” According to …
The post Copyright infringement: Author slams N100m lawsuit on Stephanie Okereke for ‘Dry' appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
October is National Bullying Prevention Month and ABC7 News is proud to support our parent company Disney in their annual campaign to encourage everyone to "choose kindness."ABC7 News met some ambitious Bay Area teenagers choosing kindness by working to end the stigma of mental illness.At the Teen Wellness Conference in Mountain View, more than 220 students chose to spend their Saturday learning about mental health."We need to let young people know that there are resources out there and they are not alone," said Nadia Ghaffari, a teen in the program.The conference was organized by teens - for teens."I came to learn more about myself and what I want to achieve in life," said Geffen Dagai, a 15-year-old in the program."How to deal with stress, anxiety, like all sorts of mental illness," said Georgia Ball, 15-year-old in the program."It's important because I really want kids to feel like they are loved," said Stephen Morris-Podzamsky, 14-year-old, in the program.Students from 80 Bay Area schools are here for a wide range of workshops on topics that are often hard to talk about."There's definitely - yes - a stigma attached to mental health issues and also, I would say there's a stigma, maybe even more of a stigma, to seeking help for mental health issues," said Nadia Ghaffar, the coordinator for the conference.Ghaffari is a 17-year-old from Los Altos who organized the conference - creating a safe place for teenagers learning to help themselves and others."It's normal to feel anxious or depressed at times, but if it gets to a point where it's really changing the way you live your life, that's, then it's time to get help - and its okay," said Ghaffari.Ghaffari and her team are getting support from a range of mental health organizations eager to reach out to young people."Teens in the U.S. are experiencing higher levels of stress than ever before. And about 50-percent of mental health disorders emerge by the age of 14, and about 75% emerge by the age of 25," said Erika Roach, with the Stanford Center for Youth Mental Health.Sometimes early intervention is critical - just like with other types of illness."We miss the fact that this is actually a disease, it's a brain disease," said Meredith Ackley, from Bring Change to MindFor 17 year-old Darrow Hornik, a simple text helped turn around her moment of crisis."This amazing resource that is available to anybody, anytime, anywhere," said Hornik.They've created a Crisis Text Line and it is free and confidential. You just text the word "Bay" to 741741 and a trained counselor texts back."Because it's texting, it is not as terrifying as opposed to when you are calling in," said Hornik.Now Hornik is volunteering at the wellness conference to spread the word about the text line."This is a huge issue for teens. One in three adolescents will experience violence in a relationship at some point," said Sarah Bigler, from the Onelove Foundation.Another group is focusing on the role of media in mental health. Some experts are especially concerned about a Netflix show called "13 Reasons Why" that some say makes suicide seem like the only answer."Almost every teen that we talked to was watching the show. CHC saw a huge influx of teens coming to get support services as a result of the show. Searches for suicide went way up after the show on Google," said Liza Bennigson, from Children's Health Council.Netflix says the show is bringing awareness to sensitive issues but Livermore father John Herndon believes it triggered his 15-year-old daughter Bella's death by suicide."Don't let kids watch this alone, the assault on the emotions is hostile," said Herndon.Herndon says he hoped Netflix would drop the show. Instead it's shooting a second season."Individuals like me need to help take actions - and I see a future where there won't be stigma around mental health," said Colin Raab, a peer counselor.
Redding police have released the names of six teenagers who were occupants in a car that crashed on Route 107 near Umpawaug Road on Friday, April 14.
The six people “critically and seriously injured” are:
• Ryan Capozziello, 18 of Fairfield
• Allison Loder, 17, of Easton
• Ryan Gombos, 16, of Easton
• Janelle Pompea, 16 of Redding
• Thomas Bull, 18 of Fairfield, and
• Grant Ciccarello, 16 of Redding.
The specific dynamics of the crash (who was driving, where the occupants were seated, etc.) have not been released by police as the accident investigation is ongoing.
Redding Police Chief Doug Fuchs said his investigators are going to look at the accident and attempt to “back up a day,” and understand all of the factors leading up to the crash. He added that such an investigation could take months.
In terms of a narrative, Fuchs says the vehicle, a black Jeep Liberty, was traveling northeast on Route 107 near Umpawaug Road when it left the road and struck a tree. One passenger is known to have been ejected during the crash.
Sometime after the crash, the vehicle caught fire. A group of passersby stopped when they came upon the crash and pulled the remaining occupants out of the vehicle before first responders arrived.
The current medical status of the occupants will not be released by police, except to say that when they were initially transported all involved had “serious and critical” injuries.
The occupants were brought to three different area hospitals after the crash, and some were airlifted to other locations afterwards, Fuchs said.
All three Redding EMS companies, and a Ridgefield EMS company responded to the crash, along with police officers and firefighters.
Middlesbrough boss Steve Agnew says he and his players are still up for the fight as they bid the stay in the Premier League.
Boro lost 2-1 at home to Arsenal last night after Alvaro Negredo had cancelled out Alexis Sanchez's superb 42nd-minute free-kick.
It took Mesut Ozil's strike 19 minutes from time to clinch victory for the Gunners.
Agnew, whose side hosts Sunderland on Wednesday next week, was left to bemoan one that got away after Petr Cech pulled off a fine reaction save to deny central defender Daniel Ayala with 61 minutes gone.
Agnew said: “I think that was the moment. We have been waiting for it for a few weeks and I just felt that when we scored, we had Arsenal on the back foot.
“We pushed them back, and you're just thinking the ball is going to bounce in the right area.
“Dani has done everything right, but the ball has got right down the line of Petr Cech.”
Boro performed creditably, but find themselves still six points adrift of safety with just six games remaining, and knowing time is running out fast.
Agnew, however, said: “Obviously we missed an opportunity. We all realise the task ahead, but equally we are six points off it, a game in hand and a terrific goal difference.
“The players were amazing in terms of their effort and commitment and attitude towards the game. They played with such an intensity, I couldn't ask any more of them.”
Arsene Wenger admitted Arsenal have to win each of their remaining seven Premier League games if they are to secure a 20th successive top-four finish.
Wenger said: “For us, the clarity is there - we have to win every game to have a chance to get in the top four, starting tonight.
“I think it will make the team a bit more serene. You could see that one some occasions, we were a bit over-cautious. Hopefully that will give us a bit more confidence. Mathematically it is still possible.”
Plane lands in Abuja airport for the first time in six weeks
A plane has landed in the rehabilitated Nnamdi Azikiwe International airport, Abuja, for the first time in six weeks.
According to Channels Television, it was a test flight from Kaduna international airport.
Hadi Sirika, minister of state for aviation, was said to be on board the aircraft.
The airport was closed on March 8 to enable the federal government carry out repairs on the runway.
Closure of the airport had sparked criticisms but government stood its ground, saying rehabilitation of the facility was long overdue.
A brand-new Airbus A350-900 belonging to Ethiopian Airlines is expected to touch down at the Abuja airport any moment from now.
Firiehiwot Mekonnen, Ethiopian Airlines' traffic and sales manager, told NAN that the decision to fly the new aircraft to Abuja is because of the belief in the Nigerian market.
Ethiopian Airlines was the only foreign airline that made use of the Kaduna airport during the period that flights were diverted from Abuja.
However, Nigerian airlines have released schedules of Abuja flights, starting from Wednesday.
Channels/TheCable
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OAKLAND — Three rounds of the NBA playoffs have culminated in a couple of incontrovertible, and seemingly mutually exclusive, facts. LeBron James is the best basketball player in the world, end of sentence. And his Cleveland Cavaliers are massive underdogs in the NBA Finals.
It will pit the same two teams against each other for the fourth straight season, but this is a final that is a like a laboratory experiment set up to test the old NBA maxim that the team with the best player in a series will win.
It also feels at least a little like this series was decided a couple of nights ago, when the Houston Rockets bricked their way to a Game 7 loss at home and set up the Golden State-Cleveland four-peat.
But back to those incontrovertible facts. James, in dragging the Cavaliers this far to reach the last step personally for the eighth straight year, has made the regular-season MVP award utterly moot. He has proven that he's the best player in the league, no matter what might happen over the course of the 82 games he treats as a warm-up act. It's like he's workshopping his material in a dingy theatre before he takes it to the main stage. This year he even switched out half his supporting cast in mid-season for a bunch of new understudies and is still performing like a maestro.
LeBron is leading the NBA playoffs in points, assists, minutes, free throws, and field goals made and attempted. He's done that kind of thing a few times in this ridiculous dominance of the Eastern Conference, but this season he has hoisted the Cavaliers on his shoulders to an even more silly degree. Over the past eight playoff seasons, there have been 72 40-point games. LeBron accounts for 17 of those; seven have come this season.
But as good as he has been, he comes into this series universally expected to lose. The Cavaliers are 10-1 underdogs, the second-largest NBA Finals underdog in the past 30 seasons, according to ESPN. (The Sixers were 20-1 underdogs to the Shaq/Kobe Lakers in 2000.) The last five Finals teams to be at least 7½-to-1 underdogs have all lost, ESPN notes, and none even managed to force a Game 7.
Jeff Van Gundy, the former coach who will be one of the analysts on ABC's broadcasts, said on Monday that the Cavaliers will have to have an extraordinary three-point shooting night just to win a game. One game.
“This is the biggest difference that I remember between two teams heading into the Finals in my time in the NBA,” Van Gundy said. “I can't — I can't think of a bigger gap from a team perspective.”
It's a fairly simple conclusion to reach: these same Warriors dusted off the Cavaliers in five games last season, and that Cleveland squad included Kyrie Irving as a second superstar and a number of role players who were part of Cleveland's 2016 upset of Golden State. Irving is gone and many of those bench guys were dumped mid-season for a new supporting cast that has been largely a non-factor for Cleveland.
Van Gundy, blunt as ever, said this Finals matchup was “a letdown” after Golden State and Houston bashed each other's heads in for seven games in the West final.
“To me, Houston wasn't just one half away from advancing to the Finals,” he said. “They were one half away from winning a championship.”
“So it will be interesting to see how competitive LeBron James can make these Finals, but any game they get in these Finals would be a huge upset, to me.”
That the result feels preordained has kicked off another round of speculation on whether the NBA would be better served by ditching the conference format at playoff time and seeding the teams one through 16. That format would have resulted in a Houston-Golden State final, assuming both made it through three series. Such a system has logistical problems related to cross-country travel, and it would make for some odd matchups in the early rounds, but in an era where James seems to be able to take a half-dozen random fellows and win the East, one can see the merit of it.
Kevin Durant, last year's Finals MVP, said he had no problem with a system that has produced the same two teams at the ends for four years. “I think it's great,” he said, a little deadpan. Durant also said he didn't mind if it took a little of the drama and unpredictability out of the league.
“That's what you have movies and music for,” he said.
Van Gundy, for one, said he likes the idea of 1-to-16 seeding, to make it more likely that the two best teams meet in the Finals. But he also noted that there was one other way to break the Warriors-Cavaliers repetitiveness.
“I think it's up it other teams,” he said. “If we want to see a different final, then we've got to have other teams win.”
The other teams will have to try again next year.
BRITE
Warriors forward Andre Iguodala will miss at least Game 1 of the NBA Finals, meaning Golden State will be without its primary LeBron-stopper.
Iguodala, who missed the last four games of the Western Conference final with a bone bruise in his left leg, was evaluated by team doctors on Tuesday, the Warriors said on Wednesday. While the injured leg is “making progress,” the team said, “the pain that accompanies the bone bruise persists,” and the tissue around the knee remains inflamed.
The Warriors struggled to put away the Rockets in the last round without Iguodala, a former Finals MVP, and head coach Steve Kerr called him a “huge component” of what Golden State tries to do at both ends of the floor. He said he would be missed as the primary defender on James, but that trying to stop LeBron “is a group effort anyway.”
The Warriors said the forward will be evaluated again before Game 2 on Sunday.
• Email: sstinson@postmedia.com | Twitter: @scott_stinson
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Fittingly, Jack Morris reached the Hall of Fame in extra innings.
Morris was elected to the Hall by its Modern Era committee on Sunday along with former Detroit Tigers teammate Alan Trammell, completing a joint journey from Motown to Cooperstown.
The big-game pitcher and star shortstop were picked by 16 voters who considered 10 candidates whose biggest contributions came from 1970-87. Morris got 14 votes and Trammell drew 13, one more than the minimum needed.
They will be enshrined on July 29, and fitting they'll go in together. They both began their big league careers in 1977 with Detroit and played 13 seasons alongside each other with the Tigers.
“The time that I've spent wondering if this day would ever come seems to be vanished and erased right now because it did come, and it's amazing,” the 62-year-old Morris said during a conference call.
Trammell felt overwhelmed.
“I came to realization that it might not happen, and I was OK with that. I really was,” he said. “If people thought it was a tad short, I could live with that.”
Former catcher Ted Simmons fell one vote shy, and former players' union head Marvin Miller was five short of the 12 needed.
“It's not a big surprise,” Miller's son, Peter, said from Japan. “I think my father's place in history is understood by all baseball players, all baseball fans and the general public.”
Morris had 254 wins and seven more in the post-season, including his 10-inning shutout in a 1-0 win for Minnesota over Atlanta in Game 7 of the 1991 World Series.
“No question it was my defining moment in baseball,” Morris said. “I never thought I was in trouble and I knew I could get out of it if I was. So I had the best mindset I've ever had in my entire on that night.”
Morris also pitched for World Series winners in Detroit — with Trammell, in 1984 — and Toronto in 1992. His 3.90 career ERA tops Red Ruffing's 3.80 as the highest of any pitcher in the Hall.
“For years my earned run average has been an issue for a lot of people that thought it was not good enough for Hall of Fame honours, but I never once thought about pitching for an ERA. I always thought about completing games, starting games, eating up innings and trying to win games more importantly than anything else,” he said. “Today's generation is different. In my heart of hearts I don't think for a second that guys that are pitching, the elite guys especially that are pitching in the game today, could not do what we did. I know they could. But they haven't been conditioned to it, both physically and mentally.”
His 175 complete games included 20 in 1983. The entire big league total this year was 59, and no pitcher had more than five. He said sabermetrics should not be used to evaluate his era.
“Now I'm getting analyzed by a bunch of numbers and things that didn't exist when I played, he said. “Had they existed maybe I would have had a better understanding of what it would have meant to not pitch through pain, to not go deeper into games on nights that I told my manager, ‘I'm fine' when I wasn't. But I don't regret doing that, because if you go to the wall and never try to push down the wall, you'll never know if you can.”
Now 59, Trammell was a steady presence in the middle of the diamond while playing all 20 of his seasons in Detroit, 19 of them next to double-play partner Lou Whitaker.
Trammell was the 1984 World Series MVP, hitting .450 as the Tigers trounced San Diego in five games and finished off a season in which they started out 35-5.
A six-time All-Star and four-time Gold Glover, Trammell scored 1,231 runs and drove in 1,003. He batted .285 with 185 home runs and a .352 on-base average — he walked 850 times and struck out 874.
Trammell never came close to election during his 15 tries in Hall voting by Baseball Writers' Association of America members, peaking at 40.9 per cent in 2016. Starting at 22 per cent in his first Hall ballot appearance in 2000, Morris reached at high of 67.7 per cent in 2003, his next to last appearance.
Trammell's next visit to the Hall will certainly last longer than his first trip to the shrine in upstate New York. That was in 1995, when the Tigers played the Cubs in the Hall of Fame exhibition game.
Wearing his No. 3 jersey, Trammell jogged the couple blocks and hurried through the Hall in 30 minutes while the teams were limbering up at Doubleday Field.
“I definitely want to come back some day,” he said that afternoon, “but I probably wouldn't go through it in my uniform.”
Steve Garvey, Tommy John, Don Mattingly, Dale Murphy, Dave Parker and Luis Tiant also were on the ballot.
Miller, who headed the players' union from 1966-82 was on the ballot for the seventh time. Miller sent a letter to the BBWAA in 2008, four years before he died, saying he didn't want to be considered anymore.
The BBWAA annual vote on players will be announced Jan. 24. Chipper Jones, Jim Thome and Omar Vizquel are among 19 first-time candidates, and Trevor Hoffman, Vladimir Guerrero, Edgar Martinez, Roger Clemens and Barry Bonds are among the holdovers.
——
AP Baseball Writer Ben Walker contributed to this report.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The Walt Disney Studios has previewed a scene from the Star Wars spinoff "Solo" featuring the card game where Han Solo and Lando Calrissian meet at CinemaCon Tuesday in Las Vegas. The scene cuts off right as the two space scoundrels decide to bet their ships.
The studio also unveiled early footage from its live-action adaption of "Dumbo" and "Aladdin," starring Will Smith as the Genie, and showed the first scene from "The Incredibles 2," which picks up right where the first left off in 2004.
Both "Solo: A Star Wars" story and "The Incredibles 2" hit theaters this summer.
Unlike most studio presentations at the annual theater owner convention, Disney doesn't generally bring out the stars of its films. Instead it lets the footage and behind-the-scenes reels do the selling.
Nigerians are sad over Saraki's victory at CCT – Transparency International
The Transparency International (Nigeria), has described the acquittal of Senate President, Bukola Saraki at the CCT as a sad day for the nation's anti-corruption war. It said the victory of the senate president was a calculated attempt to downplay the anti-corruption fight in Nigeria. The Head of the Nigeria chapter of TI, Auwal Musa-Rafsanjani said […]
Nigerians are sad over Saraki's victory at CCT – Transparency International
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON — Students who were defrauded by Corinthian Colleges are claiming in court that the Education Department has illegally obtained and used their earnings data in order to limit their student loan relief.
A group of former Corinthian students are making the claim in a motion filed over the weekend in federal court in California.
The Education Department announced in December that it will use earnings data in order to determine how much of federal loans to forgive for students of the now defunct for-profit school.
The motion claims that the agency “secretly and illegally co-opted Social Security data.” Attorneys with the Project on Predatory Student Lending at Harvard University say the agency should have notified students that it would use their data.
The Education Department declined to comment on pending litigation.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump has signed legislation that would help people with deadly diseases try experimental treatments.
Trump signed the Right to Try bill on Wednesday. He called it a “fundamental freedom” that will provide hope and save lives.
The bill cleared the House last week following an emotional debate in which Republicans said it would help thousands of people in search of hope. Many Democrats said the measure was dangerous and would give patients false hope.
Trump embraced the plan during his State of the Union address, saying people who are terminally ill shouldn't have to leave the country to seek cures.
The measure gives people diagnosed with life-threatening conditions who have exhausted treatment options access to unproven drugs without needing permission from the Food and Drug Administration.
By Sara K. Satullo | For lehighvalleylive.com
The average pay of private college presidents who worked the full year in 2015 was $569,932, a jump of 9 percent of 2014.
That's according to the Chronicle of Higher Education's 2017 private college executive compensation study, which was released Sunday evening.
The database includes the pay and perks doled out to more than 1,2000 chief executives are more than 600 private colleges from 2008-14. The data covers the 2015 calendar year, the most recent year available from the IRS.
Find the full report here.
Find a database of the compensation packages for almost 250 public universities and systems from 2010-16, which operate on fiscal year calendars, here. This was updated June 28 with 2016 figures.
LONDON – It has been one of the great mysteries of the poison attack on a former Russian spy and his daughter in England: How did the two survive the Soviet-era nerve agent Novichok, thought to be one of the most deadly chemical weapons ever created?
Now there is an answer, at least in part.
It was fast, decisive action by British medics and physicians – aided by police investigators and government experts in nerve agents – who quickly diagnosed the threat.
Still, the medical team thought the pair would not make it.
On the afternoon of March 4, first responders had no idea what they were dealing with. Finding Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Yulia, slumped on a park bench in the town of Salisbury, medics suspected an opioid overdose.
Yulia, 33, appeared unconscious, witnesses said. Sergei, 66, was staring into space. Later, investigators said they believed the Skripals were poisoned with Novichok, probably at their front door.
Lorna Wilkinson, the nursing director at Salisbury District Hospital, told the BBC that the first clue that it was not a drug overdose was when Sgt. Nick Bailey, a police officer and first responder, was admitted to the emergency room with similar symptoms.
“There was a real concern as to how big this could get,” Wilkinson said. The hospital and police did not know immediately whether this was a targeted attack or a broader, indiscriminate accident – or even a terrorist attack, with an unknown poison.
Wilkinson and the medial team at the hospital spoke with BBC Two's Newsnight in detail about the case for a program to be aired here Tuesday night.
“Have we just gone from having two index patients having something that actually could become all-consuming and involve many casualties?” head nurse Sarah Clark said to the BBC. “Because we really didn't know at that point.”
Another clue in those early hours was when police learned that the elder Skripal was a former Russian spy and double agent living in retirement, openly, under his own name in Salisbury.
The medical team realized that the pair were exhibiting symptoms typical of organophosphate poisoning – the substance used in pesticides and in nerve agents.
Victims of organophosphate or nerve-agent poisoning can present with pinpoint-size pupils, vomiting, drooling and tears, followed by muscle spasms, seizures and cardiac arrest.
“When we first were aware this was a nerve agent, we were expecting them not to survive,” Stephen Jukes, an intensive-care consultant at the hospital, told the BBC.
“We would try all our therapies,” he said. “We would ensure the best clinical care. But all the evidence was there that they would not survive.”
The physicians consulted experts at nearby Porton Down, the British government laboratory that researches chemicals weapons, their detection and antidotes.
The doctors told the BBC that the Skripals were heavily sedated, to receive artificial ventilation and to protect them from brain damage.
The medical team sought to boost the pair's production of acetylcholinesterase, an enzyme that is vital for the brain to communicate with muscles and can be blocked by nerve agents.
When we first were aware this was a nerve agent, we were expecting them not to survive
Christine Blanshard, medical director at the Salisbury hospital, told the BBC that the staff treated the Skripals as patients first but also knew that the two were important witnesses to an international crime.
“These are very difficult decisions,” Blanshard said. “On one hand, you want to provide reassurance to the patients that they are safe and they are being looked after, and, on the other hand, you don't want to give them information that might cause difficulties with subsequent police interviews.”
Yulia Skripal recovered more quickly than did her father. She was released from the hospital last month and is living in a “secure environment” under the protection of British police.
In a statement and a later interview with Reuters, Yulia Skripal said, “After 20 days in a coma, I woke to the news that we had both been poisoned.”
During their “slow and extremely painful” recovery, she said, she has been struggling to come to terms with “the devastating changes thrust upon me both physically and emotionally.”
“I don't want to describe the details, but the clinical treatment was invasive, painful and depressing,” she said.
“In the longer term, I hope to return home to my country” once she and her father have recovered, she added.
Sergei Skripal left the hospital two weeks ago. He has not given any statements and is also living under British government protection in an undisclosed location.
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said that the attack on the Skripals was carried out by Russia agents and that it is “overwhelmingly likely” that the poisoning was ordered or approved by President Vladimir Putin.
Russian officials have mocked the British, calling their investigation bungled, prejudiced and designed to stir anti-Russia sentiments.
19 people killed as Islamist sect attack in Somali hotel
19 persons were confirmed dead by the Police when Islamist attackers launched a car bomb and gun attack at a busy hotel and an adjacent restaurant in the Somali capital. Police officer Abdi Bashir told Reuters that a car driven by a suicide bomber rammed into the Posh Hotel in south Mogadishu on Wednesday evening …
The post 19 people killed as Islamist sect attack in Somali hotel appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
08:59 Reported News Briefs Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 'The decision to expand Qalqilya must be reassessed' Read more Likud ministers blast Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu's plan to expand the western Samarian Palestinian Authority city at the expense of land intended for Jewish development. ► ◄ Last Briefs
By JOHN ROGERS
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Charles Manson was cremated and his ashes scattered following a brief, private funeral four months after the death of the man who gained worldwide infamy for the 1969 Los Angeles killings he hoped would spark a race war.
The memorial occurred Saturday at a funeral home in the California city of Porterville, according to Mark Pitcher, pastor of the Church of the Nazarene.
Pitcher, who presided, told The Associated Press on Monday that about 20 to 25 people attended, among them Manson's grandson, Jason Freeman, and Freeman's wife, Audrey.
TMZ.com first reported the funeral and its story included a photo of Manson in an open casket.
Pitcher said he agreed to a request from the funeral home to conduct the memorial after he was told Freeman and his wife are Christians and that Freeman wanted his grandfather to have "a proper burial" despite his notoriety.
The pastor declined to reveal who else attended, but said some were friends of Manson, the ersatz hippie leader who inspired, with drugs and charisma, a rag-tag band of young followers to murder actress Sharon Tate and six others during two bloody nights in August 1969 that terrified Los Angeles.
The Manson Family, as his followers were called, slaughtered five of its victims on Aug. 9, 1969, at Tate's home. They included the actress who was 8 ½-months-pregnant, coffee heiress Abigail Folger, celebrity hairdresser Jay Sebring, Polish movie director Voityck Frykowski and Steven Parent, a friend of the estate's caretaker.
The next night, a wealthy grocer and his wife, Leno and Rosemary LaBianca, were stabbed to death in their home across town.
During Manson's funeral service Pitcher said he quoted from Scripture both meaningful to him and Freeman, and although he said he discussed Manson's past only briefly, he added he did not shy away from relating what he had done.
"There were many choices thrust upon him that brought about very challenging circumstances through his early years," he said of Manson, the son of a prostitute who never knew his father. "But he also made choices that brought great consequence and negatively impacted other people for many, many years."
Pitcher said he exhorted Freeman and his family to see Saturday's funeral as an opportunity to establish "a new beginning" of making good choices.
Freeman, whose own father killed himself under the burden of being Manson's son, has said he only learned of his connection to the mass killer a few years ago.
After Manson's death in November at age 83, Freeman fought a months-long legal battle to gain the right to his remains.
Freeman, who couldn't be located for comment Monday, has said he wanted his grandfather cremated and his remains scattered to finally put to rest "this so-called monster, this historical figure that shouldn't have been blown up as big as it was for all these years."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
EAST HARTFORD, Conn. — Memphis quarterback Riley Ferguson found favourite target Anthony Miller early and often on Friday night, setting records in the process.
Ferguson threw for 431 yards and seven touchdowns, four of them to Miller, as Memphis routed UConn 70-31.
Ferguson, who played just three quarters, completed 34 of 48 passes and the Tigers put up 711 yards of total offence.
The seven touchdown throws tied Paxton Lynch's school and conference record. Ferguson was 26 of 37 for 325 yards and five touchdowns in the first half alone.
Miller had 15 receptions for 224 yards for Memphis (4-1, 1-1 American Athletic Conference). His four TD catches also tied an AAC record and set a school mark.
Ferguson and Miller connected on scores from 17, 8 and 40 yards in the first half, and the Tigers went into the break ahead 35-24. Memphis then scored the first 28 points of the second half, highlighted by a 32-yard catch from Miller over a defender in the back of the end zone.
“Ever since I've gotten here, that's a guy who has stayed with me after practice and we throw every single day,” Ferguson said. “I think just on a daily basis our chemistry is building even more than it already is.”
The win came a week after the Tigers were blown out 40-13 by UCF. But this time, they were playing the worst pass defence in the FBS. The Huskies came in giving up 542 yards a game, with a secondary that has four freshmen in the two-deep depth chart.
“I think we came out here kind of mad and when we came out here we took it out on the other team — UConn,” said Miller, who now has a catch in all 30 games he has played and has multiple catches in 13 straight games.
The 70 points were the most the Huskies have given up since the school started playing football in 1896.
“All I can say is embarrassment, disappointment,” said defensive back Anthony Watkins. “It hurts a lot.”
Bryant Shirreffs threw for 310 yards for UConn (1-4, 0-3) and the Huskies got 114 yards rushing and two touchdowns from Arkeel Newsome.
Doroland Dorceus had 22 carries for 122 yards for Memphis. His two rushing touchdowns and all but 23 of his yards came in the second half.
THE TAKEAWAY
UConn: The Huskies have now lost eight straight conference games. Connecticut's last conference win and last win over an FBS opponent came a full year ago, Oct. 8, 2016, when the Huskies beat Cincinnati 20-9 in East Hartford.
Memphis: It was the third time Ferguson has thrown for at least six touchdowns. It was his second 400-yard passing game (409 against Houston last season) and his 10th with at least 300 yards. The only Tiger with more is Lynch, who had 12.
“I look up to Paxton,” said Ferguson. “Just the fact that I'm even in the same sentence with Paxton Lynch means a lot to me.”
TURNOVERS
Ferguson was coming off a game against UCF in which he threw three interceptions and lost a fumble. The Tigers did not turn the ball over in this one. UConn strip sacked Ferguson in the third quarter, but the ball bounced right back into his arms while he was on the ground. The Tigers scored 14 points on three UConn turnovers.
TARGETING
Memphis linebacker Austin Hall, the Tigers leading tackler coming in, was ejected on a targeting call in the first quarter, lunging to tackle running back Kevin Mensah. The Tigers were already missing linebacker Curtis Akins with an injury and linebacker Jackson Dillon who was lost for the season after being hurt in the Tiger's opener.
“I know the intent was not there,” said coach Mike Norvell. “I just hate to see a young man lose a game when I know his intent was not to target or to try and harm somebody.”
UP NEXT
UConn: The Huskies travel to Philadelphia to take on Temple next Saturday.
Memphis: The Tigers return home to face Navy at the Liberty Bowl.
The Delaware Department of Insurance (“DOI”) has received a proposed rate increase request from Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield of Delaware for a 33.6 percent rate hike for its 2018 individual Marketplace business.
This requested rate increase assumes that the cost-sharing subsidies and individual mandate will not be in place for 2018. Republicans in Congress are considering “repeal and replace” legislation for the Affordable Care Act.
Highmark BCBSD's proposed rate will be studied by the InsuranceDepartmentand its independent actuaries before a final rate is determined.
In May, Aetna, Inc. (“Aetna”) announced its plans to withdraw from the Affordable Care Act's (“ACA”) Insurance Marketplace effective January 1, 2018. This leaves Highmark BCBSD as the only health insurer to have filed products and rates for Delaware's 2018 “Obamacare” market
Advertisement
This leaves Highmark BCBSD as the only health insurer to have filed products and rates for Delaware's 2018 “Obamacare” market.
“Highmark's proposed rate increase reflects the fact that the federal government could cut funding for the ACA by discontinuing cost-sharing reduction subsidies,” says Delaware Insurance Commissioner Trinidad Navarro. “Cost-sharing reduction subsidies are passed on to insurers to assist lower income individuals and families. In addition, it is unclear whether the ACA individual mandate will be enforced next year. If the Federal Government fails to live up to its obligations under the law, insurers will likely continue to exit the Marketplace.”
Individuals and families using Marketplace insurance are often self-employed or are nearing retirement age and/or have exhausted COBRA coverage from their former employer.
Approximately 27,000 Delawareans have health insurance through the Marketplace and will be affected by increasing rates and/or insurer withdrawals. The proposed rate increase will not apply to Delawareans on Medicaid or those with group or individual policies outside of the Marketplace.
“Without competition from other companies and with the Affordable Care Act's fate left up to members of the federal government who appear to oppose it, we are in a difficult position. My job is to pursue premium fairness and increased competition. I will continue to work with Senators Carper and Coons and Congresswoman Blunt-Rochester's offices to fight for the best interests of the people of Delaware,” added Navarro, a Democrat.
Police were called to a disturbance on a bus in Preston this morning.
The vehicle was just outside the city's bus station when the driver became concerned about the behaviour of a passenger, halted the vehcile and asked the man to leave.
The passenger refused and the police were alerted at around 10am.
When officers arrived at the scene and requested that the man left the bus, he is alleged to have resisted arrest and was taken into police custody.
Airbus announced it has begun A330-800 production in preparation for final assembly in late 2017 and first flight in early 2018. It is also preparing for the first flight of the A330-900.
The two aircraft are members of the A330neo family and incorporate the latest generation Rolls-Royce Trent 7000 engines.
According to Airbus, the first parts for the A330-800 are advancing at manufacturer sites throughout Europe, including the new increased-span wing now being equipped in Bremen (Germany) and its new composite Sharklets from Korean Air Aerospace Division; the fuselage sections in Hamburg (Germany); the new titanium pylons in Toulouse (France); and the center wing box in Nantes (France).
Airbus said the A330-800 brings “new generation economics and comfort, in addition to unprecedented range, to the 250-seater aircraft market.” Together with the larger 300-seat A330-900 they share 99% commonality, with the same airframe, engines and crew operations. “All A330s are built on the same production line so orders can be fulfilled in full flexibility according to market demands,” Airbus said in a statement.
Linda Blachly linda.blachly@penton.com
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay — Kyle Gimour will captain Canada ‘A' against Argentina XV at the Americas Pacific Challenge on Saturday.
The six-team rugby tournament also features developmental sides from Uruguay, the U.S. Samoa and Tonga.
“Argentina, whether it's the Pumas, Jaguars or XV side, are known for playing a wide, expansive brand of rugby with a lot of decoy runners and offloads and we're going to have to be ready for that,” Canada coach Mike Shelley said in a statement.
Canada opened last year's tournament with a 56-29 loss to an Argentine side, with five returnees — Adrian Wadden, Conor Keys, Pat Parfrey, Lucas Rumball and Guiseppe du Toit — in the starting lineup for Saturday's game.
The Canadian men play Tonga ‘A' on Oct. 11 and the U.S. Selects on Oct. 15.
Canada ‘A'
Hubert Buydens, New Orleans Gold, Saskatoon; Martial Lagain, Sherbrooke Abenakis, Saint-Jean-de-Marsacq, France; Cole Keith, Bellesile Rovers, Sussex, N.B.; Adrian Wadden, Leeds Beckett University, Mississauga, Ont.; Conor Keys, UVIC Vikes, Stittsville, Ont.; Kyle Gilmour (capt.), St. Albert RFC, St. Albert, Alta.; Lucas Rumball, Balmy Beach RFC, Mississauga, Ont.; Travis Larsen, James Bay AA, Vancouver; Andrew Ferguson, Oakville Crusaders, Mississauga, Ont.; Patrick Parfrey, Swilers RFC, St. John's, N.L.; Brett Johnson, Truro Saints, Truro, N.S.; Guiseppe du Toit, UVIC Vikes, Maple Ridge, B.C.; Mike Nieuwenhuysen, Brampton Beavers RFC, Brampton, Ont.; Conor Desmond, Calgary Irish, Rideau Ferry, Ont.; Aidan McMullan, St. Anne-de-Bellevue RFC, Montreal.
Replacements
Eric Howard, Brantford Harlequins, Ottawa; Rob Brouwer, Lindsay RFC, Lindsay, Ont.; Ryan Kotlewski, Westshore RFC, Calgary; Liam Chisholm, Castaway Wanderers, Kenora, Ont.; Dustin Dobravsky, Castaway Wanderers, Hanover, Germany; Jorden Sandover-Best, UBC Old Boys Ravens, Vancouver; Robbie Povey, Castaway Wanderers, Northampton, England; Kainoa Lloyd, Mississauga Blues, Mississauga, Ont.
Get experts to tackle economic challenges, PDP tells Buhari
By Ben Agande
Abuja — The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to urgently employ the services of economic experts to put in place viable policies that would revamp the nation's ailing economy.
In a New Year message to Nigerians,National Chairman of the party, Senator Ahmed Makarfi, blamed the crisis in the country on bad policies of government.
The statement by the National Publicity Secretary of the party, Prince Dayo Adeyeye, urged Nigerians to work harder and not be discouraged by the present crisis.
He said: “The National Chairman of PDP, Makarfi, on behalf of all organs of the PDP and its family nationwide, compliment Nigerians as we usher in the New Year 2017.
“We charge Nigerians in this New Year to work harder and trust in their capacities to surmount the current economic condition in the country by the grace of God. The bad policies of the
All Progressives Congress, APC-led government, no doubt, have occasioned this economic recession with its attendant consequences of extreme hardship, starvation, deprivation, insecurity and rise in ethnic, sectional and political agitations for self-determination.
“The ‘transformation agenda' of the last PDP administration brought a lot of hope to Nigerians, the African sub region and our economy at large. Nigeria economy, before handing over to the APC in May 2015, was declared the largest and the fastest growing in Africa (number one) which is now nowhere near number 30. Why is that? Incompetence it is.
“It is not gainsaying that the PDP had better policies and programmes of reforming Nigeria's economy to provide better living condition for its citizens' well-being, which it did. We hope the government of the day changes its policies of high taxations with almost non-economic activity while providing palliatives in 2017 to reduce the effect of the recession, and the country will be better for it in the coming years.
“Against this backdrop, we again advise the APC-led administration in this year 2017 to urgently employ the services of economic experts to put in place viable policies that will revamp our ailing economy.
“We are presently in recession because of significant decline in government business in both internal and external spheres. The Federal Government should increase money supply, cause rise in disposable income (spending) and decrease mindless taxations which have led to high inflation and multiple prices in money market.”
The post Get experts to tackle economic challenges, PDP tells Buhari appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Angela Rayner was caught out telling a straight untruth on working class student numbers last night. Rayner claimed:
“More people are going to university but percentage wise there's less coming from working class backgrounds if you take it as a proportion of the percentage of those that are in.”
Dimbleby slapped her down:
“The UCAS figures showed that the gap between the most and least advantage has fallen… So when you say the opposite is happening you seem to be saying the opposite of what the facts suggest.”
This is the fib Corbyn was caught telling in July. They know it is untrue and they keep repeating it.
It didn't go much better for Rayner on Labour's student debt u-turn. Judging by the laughter from the audience it has cut through…
Pastor's wife, mother of 3 commits suicide in Ondo
By Dayo Johnson
Akure—A Pastor, Adeolu Babatola, is helping Police detectives in Ondo State to unravel the mystery surrounding the death of his wife, Opeyemi Babatola, whose body was discovered, on Monday, hanging in an uncompleted flat in their compound in Akure, the state capital.
It was gathered from a Police source that the 52-year-old mother of three hanged herself in an uncompleted flat in her residence located in Aule area of Akure metropolis on Friday.
The husband of the deceased, Pastor Adeolu Babatola, who reportedly discovered the decomposing body on Monday, quickly informed the Police.
It was learned that the husband told the police detectives that the deceased informed him that she was going for a church programme, until her decomposing corpse was discovered three days later.
A family member, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the woman might have killed herself because of one of her children said to be in prison's custody over a crime, as the hearing of the matter is this week.
The source said: “She told her child and her husband that she wanted to go to a mountain to pray. So since Friday her husband was thinking she was at the prayer mountain praying for the family because that was not her first time of doing so.
“On Monday morning, the husband went to the back of the other apartment in the house and discovered that there were many houseflies on the window and decided to open it only to discover the dangling body of his wife and he raised alarm.”
It was gathered that immediately the news of the incident broke in the area, the Police was invited to the scene, but they could not do anything to untie the woman.
Hours later, some traditionalists were invited to bring down the corpse.
The family source added that the husband, Pastor Babatola, is in police custody undergoing interrogation.
Contacted, the police spokesman, Femi Joseph, confirmed the incident, noting that detectives have commenced investigation.
Joseph said that “the husband is with us and helping us in our investiga-tion. He narrated his side of the story and we are still investigating his claims.
The post Pastor's wife, mother of 3 commits suicide in Ondo appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Family over Everything! See Photos & Videos from Beyoncé and Jay-Z's Easter Festivities
Beyoncé and her husband Jay-Z celebrated Easter with their family and friends over the weekend. Beyoncé looked so good in her white outfit, we can't wait to do her edition of BN Style Your Bump! Tina Lawson, Beyoncé's mum, shared a few videos on her Instagram account and Kelly Rowland also shared some on her […]
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BONFIELD, Ont. — Provincial police say two people have died in a collision on Highway 17 about 30 kilometres southeast of North Bay, Ont.
OPP say a pickup truck and a minivan collided Monday morning in Bonfield Township, Ont.
Police say both drivers died at the scene.
The driver of the pickup truck has been identified as 20-year-old Matthew Menard of Bonfield.
Investigators say they've identified the driver of the minivan as 58-year-old Gilbert Lavoie of North Bay.
Highway 17 was closed for approximately six hours while police investigated.
On March 20, 1992 at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, Nevada, former middleweight and super middleweight champion Iran “The Blade” Barkley, from Bronx, New York, fought ATG Thomas “Hitman” Hearns, from Detroit by way of Memphis, Tennessee, for the second time. Their first fight, in 1988, end with a shocking victory for The Blade. Going into the rematch, Barkley was 28-7. Hearns was 50-3-1. The fight was scheduled for 12 rounds and was for the WBA light heavyweight title…
Comments
This is a place to express and/or debate your boxing views. It is not a place to offend anyone. If we feel comments are offensive, the post will be deleted and continuing offenders will be blocked from the site. Please keep it clean and civil! We want to have fun. We want some salty language and good-natured exchanges. But let's keep our punches above the belt...
Leave a comment
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko, whose reported death was international news on Tuesday night, has appeared at a televised press conference.
The journalist thanked Ukraine's security services for saving his life, purportedly by faking his death in order to foil a genuine assassination attempt.
The journalist spoke at a televised press conference in which he apologized to friends and loved ones and thanked Ukraine's security services for saving his life. Vasily Gritsak, the head of Ukraine's security service, told reporters that the operation had been planned for two months.
During the press conference, reporters were told that the staging of Babchenko's death had been coordinated by the journalist and Ukrainian police following serious death threats against him. Police officials said the operation was carried out in an attempt to lure out those behind the threats. They said that one arrest had been made so far.
Babchenko himself apologized for the pain the news of his death had caused, telling those present: "I have been forced to bury my friends and colleagues many times and I know the sickening feeling." His family was not informed of the plan either, leading him to add: "Special apologies to my wife, Olechka, there was no other option."
More to follow...
js/msh (AFP, AP, Reuters)
Kambwili has no principles
Editor,
What sort of immoral and evil person is Chishimba Kambwili who can go to court to remain in a party that he's insulting demonizing every day, insulting the President and his former colleagues. A person of principle should have resigned when he realized the rot in the party and Government rather than wait and be kicked out by the President.
HL
—————————————–
Toilet talk disgusting
Editor,
It was disgusting to hear Chishimba Kambwili boast of buying toilet tissue and bathing soap for Mumbi Phiri, a colleague he had worked with in the party. This is a lesson for the UPND which has invited him to know that some people will never keep confidences, however intimate, they will speak publicly when annoyed.
Peter Longwani
————————————————
Kambwili stop cheap political lies
Editor,
Kambwili should stop cheap political lies. Who said when you were sworn, it included not to reveal corrupt practices? Have you forgotten that Nawakwi called late President Chiluba thief (though it turned out to be also a lie) did she ask for her immunity lifted to reveal that? Liar, just tell us where President Lungu's corruption is as you claim.
Micky, Ndola
———————————————
Student seeks Hone college results
Editor,
I am very disappointed with Evelyn Hone College department of education failure to release results for public administration from 2013-2015 programme due to poor record keeping of assignments and results by the head of department. I am requesting the principal to come to my rescue.
JSK
———————————————-
Where was our parley?
Editor,
Isn't it strange to hear that some members of parliament have petitioned the Speaker to constitute a parliamentary committee to probe the procurement of the 42 fire tenders? Are these not the same people who approved the budget? Where the estimates of purchasing the same were not included? Is it the usual thing that Zambians forget very easily?
Micky, Ndola
————————————————
Hear this one
Editor,
Kindly note that the ZPPA and other government agencies only give a no objection to proceed in a awarding a contract and approval is given by a MPSA procurement committee.
The Guru
—————————————————
Transfer senior teachers as well
Editor,
Ministry of Education should be commended for the transfers but some senior teachers have been left out after having stayed at some schools for over 13 years.
Concerned citizen
——————————————————-
Visionless NGOs
Editor,
I read with sadness the story titled “police caution protesters” featured in your Thursday September 28 edition, and for once I couldn't agree more with the caution from the Lusaka Province police commissioner. What issue does this alliance of civil society got with the budget presentation or are they saying they have an alternative budget? Where have these organizations been when the ministry of finance budget section was asking for budget submissions from all those that felt they needed to petition something. These are NGOs that just sit the whole time minus doing anything.
Concerned citizen
—————————————————————
Itimpi local Court officials disappointing
Want to complain about the behavior of court officials at Itimpi local court in Kitwe. They only open doors and leave the court building for their personal business but at the end of the month they are the first ones to check for salaries. Civil servants should feel ashamed of their bad behavior.
Concerned citizen
SON Drives Standardisation to Boost Investment in LPG Cylinder Manufacturing
By Crusoe Osagie
There is a huge potential for stimulating multi-million dollar investments into Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) cylinder manufacturing in Nigeria using the instruments of standardisation and quality assurance, the Director General of the Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON), Mr. Osita Aboloma, has said.
Aboloma, who made the disclosure in Lagos, stated that standardisation is one of the best ways of attracting foreign direct investment into the country and sustaining them by providing confidence and competitive edge to products, quality assurances to consumers and meeting regulatory requirements seamlessly.
He said the pursuit of this objective informed his recent visits to some firms and organisations to preach the gospel of standardisation and how it could help to improve their operations for greater competitiveness through strict adherence to standards requirements.
According to him, SON's stringent procedure for the importation of LPG cylinders has encouraged increase in local production. The certification of the locally produced cylinders through the mandatory conformity assessment (MANCAP) scheme would provide the necessary assurances to consumers, thus encouraging greater patronage. “There is stiff monitoring and regulation of cylinders to ensure safety and that consumers have value for their money.”
The SON Director General stated that the increased patronage would lead to improved capacity utilisation and create more job opportunities for our teeming youths in line with the diversification agenda of the federal government.''
The LPG cylinder sector has huge potentials for job creation because of the production and ancillary chains. It will also create easy access to cylinders, which would add greater value to the economy and promote a cleaner environment,'' he said
He disclosed that SON was going to call a stakeholders' meeting with existing manufacturers, importers and prospective ones soon to ensure that the structure and production processes are put on the path of continual improvement through the diligent application of standards.
Aboloma reiterated the plans of his organisation to replicate the initiative in so many other sectors to encourage more foreign direct investment as according to him, domestic production would help the current administration's change mantra, especially in achieving economic diversification from oil into agriculture and manufacturing, thus adding greater value to the lives of Nigerians.
According to the SON boss, the government was happy with companies having thousands of Nigerians under their employ, and would support such companies to do their legitimate businesses without stress.
He was categorical that part of his agenda is to ensure proper monitoring and mentoring of the various sectors through regular inspection visits and suggestion of more effective and efficient ways of contributing to the economic development of the country through proper application of standards.
The SON boss reiterated his Management's resolve to strengthen the operations of small and medium enterprises, saying with the application of the right standards, products of Nigerian SMEs would become more competitive locally and across borders.
He promised to expand the opportunity for testing of more agriculture and agro-allied products in SON's accredited laboratories.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Photo
Q. It seems like my hangovers are much worse now that I am older, 42, to the point I can't even have one drink without feeling listless the next day. What can I do, besides drinking water while drinking alcohol, to improve the situation?
A. The real “problem” might be that you're drinking less as you age, which reduces your tolerance for alcohol, said Lara Ray, a professor of clinical psychology at the University of California, Los Angeles, who researches alcoholism. Someone with the self-image of a partying twentysomething but the lifestyle of a responsible 42-year-old may simply have lost the tolerance for a lot of alcohol, she said.
“Age may be a proxy for regularity of drinking,” Dr. Ray said. “If you haven't gone to a party for two to three weeks, it might be less about being 40 and more about your drinking history.”
Also, as we age, we lose muscle mass, replacing it with fat. The same drink will cause more intoxication in a body with a higher fat content compared to a leaner one, she said. But this tends to be true more for people over 65 than over 40, she said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Dr. Ray suggests drinking more slowly to compensate for this change in body composition, and to drink more water or other liquids to dilute the alcohol. A quick spike in blood alcohol levels followed by a quick drop make hangovers more likely, she said, so avoiding those sudden changes should help.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The biological basis of hangovers is still unclear, said Dr. Marc Schuckit, a professor of psychiatry at the University of California, San Diego. Some people think being hung over is a mild form of alcohol withdrawal; others think hangovers are caused by dehydration or an imbalance of electrolytes like sodium, potassium or magnesium, he said.
Name:
Nearie: Posted: 2017-08-13 @ 1:04pm PT They tell us what we want to hear now and later on down the line when they've gotten enough people accepting chip implant then the simple rules will be changed to harsher ones.
Eventually the chip will be in the right hand and it will eventually become the Mark and if you don't have it, you won't be able to buy or sell. Lisa: Posted: 2017-08-07 @ 10:36am PT The author is sap. A sucker. Congratulations to him/her in helping to issue in an era of human beings controlled like cattle. Things have finally gone way too far. And these idiots want us to go along with it. Kira: Posted: 2017-08-04 @ 9:17pm PT I think it is a next step in technology and what companies will start working toward. However, like everything else, it's going to be a long time getting there involving fighting different people's opinions. But one thing I do predict, as the different software apps are being created... apple will make it's own apps that aren't compatible with anyone else, and others will make theirs compatible together. LOL Also, it will be many years of testing and companies trying to create their own chip to make their version "the one" that conquers all others. It's like every other technology, it will take decades to be flushed out to working everywhere. I remember back in the 1980s when they started putting microchips in credit cards... and that took what, about 30 years to "make it official" that all cards had to have one and merchants had to get the new card readers. TOP STORIES NOW 1. New Nanochip Could Heal Injuries 2. Survey Says: Have Sex at 7:30 AM 3. Uber Woes: Exec Out, Investor Sues 4. Faraday Future Lowers Ambitions 5. Australian Teen Attacked by Sea Fleas MAY INTEREST YOU MORE IN INNOVATION 1. New Nanochip Could Heal Injuries 2. Will the iPhone 8 Scan Your Face? 3. Facebook Acquires AI Startup Ozlo 4. Microsoft Fine-Tunes Win 10 Update 5. Augmented Reality: Apple's Big Leap?
Cartoon character Peppa Pig has been blamed for contributing to patients' unrealistic expectations of what they can expect from their GP.
A general practitioner, writing in the BMJ, also suggested the TV show, aimed at pre-schooler children, could be encouraging inappropriate use of services.
Dr Catherine Bell said she has often wondered why some patients immediately attempt to consult their GP about minor ailments, and as the mother of a toddler who is an avid watcher of the series, she thinks she has discovered the answer.
Among the characters on the show is Dr Brown Bear, a GP who works alone and also appears to provide his patients with an excellent service, prompt and direct telephone access, continuity of care, extended hours, and a low threshold for home visits.
In the tongue-in-cheek piece, she offers a number of case studies and considers the potential impact Dr Brown Bear's actions could have on patient behaviour.
In the first, Dr Brown Bear makes an urgent home visit to a three-year-old piglet with a facial rash.
He reassures the parents it is "nothing serious" and offers a dose of medicine, adding that the rash is likely to clear up quickly regardless.
This case questions whether Dr Brown Bear is an unscrupulous private practitioner for conducting an arguably clinically inappropriate home visit, writes Dr Bell.
"It is also an example of unnecessary prescribing for a viral illness, and encourages patients to attempt to access their GP inappropriately," she adds.
Dr Bell, who is based in Sheffield, also writes of how Dr Brown Bear makes an emergency visit to the playgroup after a three-year-old pony coughs three times.
After examining the patient, he administers a dose of medicine immediately and warns that the cough could be transmitted to others.
When the rest of the playgroup attendees and their parents develop symptoms, they are all given a dose of a pink medicine.
Dr Brown Bear then also develops symptoms, which Dr Bell suggests shows he is suffering from "burnout".
"His disregard for confidentiality, parental consent, record keeping, and his self prescribing indicate that the burden of demand from his patient population is affecting his health.
"He is no longer able to offer the level of service his patients have come to expect," she adds.
Peppa Pig is broadcast in more than 180 countries, meaning that the way primary care is portrayed is likely to be influential to many people all over the world, writes Dr Bell.
While Peppa Pig conveys many positive public health messages, such as encouraging healthy eating, exercise, and road safety, she suspects that "exposure to Peppa Pig and its portrayal of general practice raises patient expectation and encourages inappropriate use of primary care services".
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
According to software rating and review site Capterra, there are over 600 project management solutions. However, not all PM software will work in every industry, company, or project size and type. Here are three steps to help your company select the right software to suit your project needs.
1. Evaluate your internal environment.
Gather all the details about your business and how it operates. Factor in company size, hierarchy, how departments and units are structured, and how they interact. Also, analyze products or services, culture, and the available internal and outsourced talent. Some other factors to consider include internal policies, technology, internal views, project methodologies, long-term goals, and finances. These have the potential to create alignment issues with the way your business operates or manage projects.
Before choosing PM software, evaluate the strengths and weaknesses of your business. This in-depth analysis may slow the selection process down, and take time and effort, but it is an essential exercise that will help all stakeholders avoid disappointment, wasted time, and potentially unnecessary costs. Having a big-picture view can reduce the risk of selecting a solution that does not align well with the long-term strategy or the unique inner workings of your business.
SEE: Managing vendor relationships: Time commitment, benefits, and pain points (Tech Pro Research)
2. Identify projects and confirm PM software will sufficiently support all aspects.
Work with business leaders to identify and document high-level details about upcoming projects, both short and long-term. Record as much detail as possible; this information will be required when sending requests for information (RFIs), requests for proposals(RFPs), or requests for quotes (RFQs) to software vendors.
To ensure the particular solution can meet your short and long-term goals, pay close attention to the details provided to make sure project requirements are properly and fully addressed in vendor documents.
Look for features that work for your specific project needs. Just because a vendor offers more features than other vendors does not make it the best choice for your company's projects. Make sure the solution can accommodate your key processes and methodologies and that it is scalable and customizable. Also take the time to make sure the vendor can complete onboarding within your company's budget and schedule.
SEE: How to build a successful project manager career (free PDF) (TechRepublic)
3. Do a trial run.
Whenever possible, take the opportunity to do a trial run of the fully-working version of the software your company intends to implement. Again, involve key participants in this step to sufficiently test all the required features to make sure each meets your project needs. This may require people from many different areas of the company: make sure frontline users are okay with the system, as well as IT specialists. This is the final gateway before onboarding and reduces the costly buyer's remorse that companies encounter all too often.
Evaluating your internal business environment, identifying potential short and long-term projects, confirming sufficient support, and doing a trial run of software can help your company select the right solution to suit your project needs.
For more project management and business leadership advice, subscribe to our Executive Briefing newsletter. Subscribe
Also see:
Stay connected: The official MLS app keeps you connected with the latest news, highlights, scores, standings, and analysis all for FREE. Download for iOS (Apple) or Download for Android
BALTIMORE — The Baltimore Orioles have acquired backup catcher Andrew Susac from the Milwaukee Brewers for a player to be named or cash.
The trade was announced Friday. Susac was designated for assignment earlier this week after the Brewers signed free agent reliever Matt Albers.
Susac, who turns 28 in March, is expected to compete for playing time behind projected starter Caleb Joseph.
Susac played eight games for Milwaukee last year, going 1 for 12. He spent most of the season at Triple-A Colorado Springs, batting .205 with eight home runs and 35 RBIs.
The Brewers got Susac from San Francisco in 2016 in a trade-deadline deal. In 104 games in the majors, Susac has hit .232 with seven homers and 35 RBIs.
At the same time, some airports have had to add staff to oversee the operations of the ride-hailing companies, the report said. And with more ride-hailing vehicles on the roads outside terminals, there's more congestion.
“Airports are expected to be self-sufficient and not be a drain on the public purse,” said Ray Mundy, director of the Center for Transportation Studies at the University of Missouri-St. Louis. “Airports have to find other sources of revenue.”
Henry Harteveldt, travel analyst for Atmosphere Research, said the current declines in income are just the tip of the iceberg. As autonomous cars gain traction, he said, “the airport parking gravy train is going to dry up.” The future, he said, could bring less ticket counter space and more retail and food and beverage offerings, as airports struggle to come up with revenue to replace what they have lost.
The Federal Aviation Administration reported in November that the $4 billion in fees collected last year for parking and ground transportation represented nearly 42 percent of the $9.6 billion in airport revenue from sources other than airline fees. Money collected from rental car companies, excluding the fees that airport operators charge rental car customers to help pay for the construction of new facilities, added an additional nearly $1.8 billion. The combination far exceeded the fees the airports collected from food and beverage outlets, stores and hotels.
To generate revenue, some airports have started to charge ride-hailing services to pick up or drop off passengers. But it's an inconsistent patchwork. Although 48 states have passed legislation governing ride hailing, the laws in 43 of the states and Washington, D.C., cover operating permits and fees, background check requirements, operational standards and passenger protections. (The laws in the other five states are less comprehensive.) Only 23 of the states explicitly grant airports the authority to impose standards or fees for operations on airport property, said Maarit Moran, an associate transportation researcher at Texas A&M Transportation Institute.
Photo
Some airports ban ride-hailing companies or impose restrictions on where they may drop off or pick up passengers. The decision, Mr. Mundy said, is up to the airport owner or operator and subject to the state laws that govern ride-hailing companies.
At the end of October, Lyft operated at about 300 airports nationwide. Uber estimates that it serves more than 150 airports in North America.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Fresno Yosemite International Airport in California is one airport that said it's feeling an economic pinch. The airport is served by Lyft; Uber discontinued service this year rather than comply with an airport operating agreement, a Fresno Yosemite spokeswoman said.
“Our parking revenue growth is no longer tracking our passenger growth,” said Kevin Meikle, director of aviation for the City of Fresno. The airport is looking at an estimated $250,000 in lost income this year.
Darren Perry, a managing director in the aviation and travel practice at L.E.K. Consulting in Boston, said the decline in fees for airports could become a major problem. “If that were to persist it would be difficult for the airports,” he said.
Pat Kinsel, chief executive of an electronic notary company, is one traveler who has switched to a ride-hailing service. He says that when he travels from his home in Boston to Logan International Airport, he usually takes Uber. “I gave up driving to increase time and efficiency,” he said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Another frequent traveler, Mark Lowenstein, a telecommunications consultant based in Boston, said he switched after reserved taxis stood him up.
Airports, in the meantime, are finding ways to make parking if not more appealing, then more easily navigable. While frequent parking clubs have existed in some places for a decade, these programs at airports now have new relevance.
For $200 a month prepaid, for example, passengers can join Premier Parking at Jacksonville International Airport and get a guaranteed parking space within 200 feet of the terminal. They also get a preferred passenger card that allows them to join an often-shorter security lane also used by airport employees and military personnel in uniform. The program currently has a small waiting list.
At Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, frequent travelers who belong to Passport Parking pay $350 a month to get unlimited access to the airport garage on the Terminal Direct Floor.
Photo
Logan International has a Passport Gold program. There's a one-time enrollment fee of $200. Annual renewal is $100. Fees are higher than standard rates, but parking is guaranteed, as is proximity to the terminals.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Two of the New York area airports offer online reservations for a $5 fee — Kennedy Airport and Newark Liberty Airport. La Guardia Airport charges a fee of $2 a day. The website for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates all three, recommends passengers book a flight and parking at the same time.
Airport parking also faces competition from off-airport hotels. “Hotels can forecast very accurately how much parking capacity is available on any given day,” said Bjorn Hanson, clinical professor at the Jonathan M. Tisch Center for Hospitality and Tourism at New York University. They can gain revenue, he said, for little additional expense.
Parking websites also contribute to potential shortfalls. Jody Martin, a paralegal in metropolitan Atlanta, said she did not park at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport. “It's priced ridiculously,” she said in an email.
Instead, when she flew to Bermuda for 12 days in July, she used the website ParkSleepFly to stay for one night at the Westin Atlanta Airport for $124. The price included parking for the duration of her trip. And she took a shuttle bus to the airport from the hotel. (Parking at Hartsfield-Jackson ranges from $10 a day for the distant park-and-ride lots to $36 a day at lots close to the terminals.)
Some apps don't require a hotel stay. The search engine BestParking.com works with over 110 airports in North America on its website. And the Parking Spot is near 21 airports, with Charlotte Douglas International Airport coming soon. It has its own frequent parking program.
As complex as airport parking rates are now, Mr. Perry, the aviation consultant, said, airports could be more creative. “Parking is one of the most underutilized resources,” he said, and with technology, parking prices can be adjusted by the day of the week, time of day, location and level of service.
Some airport economists say it's only a matter of time before fees for ride-hailing companies approach those of traditional taxi companies. Mr. Mundy, of the University of Missouri, said he did not expect ride-hailing companies “to continue to expand at the same rate” once fares rise to cover costs. And, he said, airports may also impose new fees.
Some airports in Britain already charge private vehicles that are dropping off or picking up friends and relatives. At Heathrow and Gatwick airports around London, private vehicles can still drop off passengers without charge. But there is a fee for picking up passengers at Heathrow (drivers are required to pay to park at a short-term lot). Gatwick is free for picking up passengers only if drivers use the long-stay parking lot and use a shuttle bus to the terminal.
Similar fees may be coming to the United States. Officials at Logan, in Boston, are looking at whether such fees, along with improved mass transportation, can reduce pollution and congestion.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Kinsel, the ride-hailing enthusiast, is staying the course. On a recent trip to Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport, he said, he ordered a car from Uber as the plane pulled up to the gate. He was downtown in less than 15 minutes after the plane landed. “It was the equivalent of having a private car,” he said.
