The whale has been stuck in Newfoundland since last fall, frozen and covered with snow for the winter months
A tiny Newfoundland village is hoping to quickly remove the massive body of a humpback whale that has been stuck there since last fall, fearing the impending odour and mess as warmer weather approaches.
The whale's body was frozen and covered with snow for the winter months in Nameless Cove, but has become an urgent issue for the village.
“The warmer temperatures are coming and you obviously know what's gonna happen next,” Hank Diamond, a member of the local service district committee, said Wednesday.
“You won't be able to live in that community in the summer, probably, if you don't move it.”
Nameless Cove is waiting on a price quote from contractors, and Diamond said the community is hoping for provincial assistance to remove the sizable creature that he estimates to be 25-30 feet.
“It would take a fairly fair sized vessel to move that off the beach even at high tide, you know, and it seems to be settling in the sand more, so it's gonna be harder and harder to get outta there, and it's starting to rot.”
The body is in close proximity to some residences, wharves, and is less than 100 metres from a graveyard.
The beach is also a tourist attraction for its proximity to Flowers Island. The whale's body is currently in the line of vision for anyone hoping to snap a photo of the island's famed lighthouse.
Diamond reached out to Service NL after Fisheries and Oceans Canada (DFO) told Nameless Cove the removal of the whale carcass is the municipality's responsibility.
In an e-mailed statement, Service NL said it is working with the district and ”the whale will have to be moved and disposed of, either by towing it to a more secluded location to decompose or by burial.”
Dead smelly whales are not uncommon an issue for seaside Newfoundlanders: Last June, a dead humpback was lifted by crane in Outer Cove, N.L., and taken to a disposal site.
But small communities like Nameless Cove, armed with tiny boats and a population under 100 people in northern Newfoundland, are faced with a difficult task when whales wash ashore.
Diamond said DFO officials visited the site last fall to assess the beached whale, leading many locals to believe they would return to remove the body in the spring. Then villagers were surprised and upset when DFO told them it fell outside the department's responsibility.
“It's like Russian roulette, whatever community it lands on, it's on you,” Diamond said.
So far, Diamond said the response from Service NL has been encouraging. But the town needs to move fast on the difficult removal, with or without the government's help.
“If they support it or if they don't, it's got to move,” said Diamond. “We'll see to it I guess.”
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Monday's Blake Griffin trade came out of nowhere. There were rumors about his teammates, but few expected the Los Angeles Clippers to move him just months after he signed a five-year, $171 million contract. This bit of business should remind us that not every trade discussion is leaked to the media and not every completed trade is preceded by months of speculation.
With that in mind, here is a list of players who could conceivably be moved before next Thursday's trade deadline, excluding the names that everybody is already talking about.
Aaron Gordon - Orlando
Let's start with a guy who has been compared to Griffin since high school. He is 22 years old and having an All-Star-caliber season, and this type of player is almost never available on the trade market. Gordon might be an exception simply because the Magic might not be excited about giving him a maximum contract. Gordon will be a restricted free agent in the summer, and if Orlando isn't fully committed to him, it could probably get great value for him on the trade market. While I like the idea of him and Jonathan Isaac sharing the frontcourt for a long time, there is an argument for turning Gordon into another pick that will not take up as much cap space for the next few years.
C.J. McCollum, Damian Lillard - Portland
This season has actually been encouraging when it comes to these two playing together long-term. The case for moving one was that they needed a bigger, stronger defensive player in the backcourt, but the Blazers have had a top-10 defense this season. Still, Portland could come to the conclusion that sticking with Lillard and McCollum is a misallocation of resources, especially considering how highly they are valued on the trade market. All it takes is one opposing general manager who sees McCollum as the next James Harden, and Portland might be able to shed an onerous contract and acquire a high first-round pick in a potential deal. (And if the Blazers see McCollum as the next Harden, maybe they'd even consider trading Lillard.)
Jusuf Nurkic - Portland
Portland is in a tough spot with Nurkic. He is 23 and his talent is obvious, but he hasn't produced the way he did for those magical 20 games last season and hasn't definitively established himself as part of the team's core. Like Gordon, he will be a restricted free agent this summer, and he will be looking for a large payday. If the Blazers aren't sure that he'll be worth the money, they could try to get ahead of the game and move him now. The tricky part is that there aren't a ton of teams looking for centers and Portland would probably want to get someone back who can keep it in the playoff picture.
Hassan Whiteside - Miami
He's 28 years old and he is going to be making $27 million two seasons from now. While his numbers are still excellent, he is averaging only 25.8 minutes and the Heat might not really need him now that Bam Adebayo and Kelly Olynyk are on the roster. This might be a more urgent move if Miami didn't have so much long-term money tied up in Tyler Johnson, James Johnson, Goran Dragic, Dion Waiters, Josh Richardson and Olynyk -- dumping his salary won't actually give the front office much flexibility -- but if Miami can find a way to get off of that money, it has to at least consider it.
Jabari Parker - Milwaukee
It is a bit cruel to put Parker on this list the day that he returns from rehabbing a second torn left ACL. There is still a chance he develops into a star, and the best version of the Bucks could feature Parker getting buckets next to Giannis Antetokounmpo and Khris Middleton, a combination that the organization has never been able to properly evaluate over a significant period of time. There is also, however, a chance that Parker doesn't fit with this group, especially now that Eric Bledsoe is running the offense. His upcoming restricted free agency is an impossible riddle to solve based on his injury history, and, depending on his market value, Milwaukee might prefer to make that somebody else's problem. The timing is extremely awkward, though.
Andre Drummond - Detroit
This is not a response to Drummond finding himself on the bench in crunch time of the Pistons' 104-102 win over the Memphis Grizzlies on Thursday, their first game with Griffin in the lineup. That decision, though, didn't exactly suggest he shouldn't be on this list, either. The 24-year-old center has improved his free-throw shooting and playmaking on the perimeter this season (which makes him more appealing to the rest of the league), but still doesn't dominate defensively like his physicality and agility imply he should (which might mean Pistons head coach and president Stan Van Gundy is willing to trade him in the middle of a career year). It's not as if Detroit hasn't discussed moving Drummond before, and if it likes the idea of Griffin playing significant minutes at center, it must at least see what's out there.
Otto Porter - Washington
A shakeup in Washington seemed more likely a week ago, before wins against the Hawks (in a blowout), Thunder and Raptors without the injured John Wall. Porter is in the first season of a four-year, $106.5 million deal, and if the Wizards aren't willing to trade Wall or first-time All-Star Bradley Beal, then moving the versatile forward could be their only way to address their lack of depth. The front office had no choice but to pay Porter in restricted free agency, but that does not mean he will remain in Washington for the life of his contract. I'm not saying Porter should be moved, but it's a bit scary to think about him, Wall and Beal making a combined $98 million in the 2020-21 season.
Paul Millsap - Denver
Would it be kind of messed up for the Nuggets to break up with their marquee free-agent addition so quickly? Yeah, but it wouldn't be that difficult to rationalize: Millsap is turning 33 next week, and the other parts of their core -- Nikola Jokic and Jamal Murray -- are turning 23 and 21, respectively, later this month. Denver was 9-7 with Millsap before his wrist injury (and he still has the best net rating on the team), but his absence has not destroyed the season -- it is 27-25 and eighth in the West now. Millsap is expected to be back shortly after the All-Star break. What if a team like the Cavaliers got desperate and gave the Nuggets an offer they couldn't refuse?
Carmelo Anthony - Oklahoma City
Let's have some fun here. Do you think the Rockets would be a better team for Anthony? Do you think they'd part with Ryan Anderson and Nene to get him? What would the Thunder think of that deal? Personally, I'd be shocked if they made a move this major, but it's pretty clear that Anthony is Oklahoma City's fourth-most important player. If he didn't have a no-trade clause, he'd probably be my favorite under-the-radar trade candidate.
LEAVENWORTH, Kan. (AP) — The number of lawsuits accusing a former physician assistant at a Veteran's Administration hospital in Kansas of sexual abuse is approaching 100.
Kansas City attorneys Dan Curry and Sarah Brown filed three more lawsuits last week on behalf of former patients of Mark Wisner. He was sentenced last year to more than 15 years in prison for sex crimes involving patients at the Eisenhower Veterans Administration Medical Center in Leavenworth.
Curry said he expects to file a few more lawsuits in the near future, bringing the total number to around 100. Some seek $2 million or more in damages.
Prosecutors said Wisner performed improper and medically unnecessary genital examinations on patients from 2012 to 2014. He resigned and had his license to practice revoked in 2015.
April 13 Uber Technologies Inc:
* Announces cross streets, product update that allows riders to enter their cross streets as a pick-up or drop-off destination - blog Source text: (ubr.to/2p0Dmwh) Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
Chrissy Teigen is known for her sense of humor and on Saturday, the 32-year-old model and cookbook author — who is expecting her second child, a boy, with husband John Legend — cracked a dark joke about how all babies, even hers, are monsters.
“This baby is sucking the life from me. Drinking my water, making me dry. Eating my food, making me hungry. Taking my health, making me sick,” she wrote on Twitter.
“Why do we create these monsters they want us dead,” she jokingly added.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
This baby is sucking the life from me. Drinking my water, making me dry. Eating my food, making me hungry. Taking my health, making me sick. Why do we create these monsters they want us dead — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) February 3, 2018
RELATED VIDEO: It'll Be a Boy for John Legend and Chrissy Teigen
For more coverage, follow our babies magazine on Flipboard.
Teigen's joke comes just days after she admitted that unlike others who lament about the pains of pregnancy, she actually likes being pregnant.
“It's sick,” the Lip Sync Battle personality joked during an interview on Today. “People have all different types of pregnancies and I really prefer it. I think John prefers it. I'm happier. If anything, I'm just, like, a little bossier.”
She also revealed how excited she is to have a son. “They say that boys just love their mamas,” she explained, adding that her 21-month-old daughter Luna Simone “Is such a daddy's girl.”
Chrissy Teigen/Instagram
RELATED: John Legend Jokes He's “Drinking for Two” at Grammys with Pregnant Wife Chrissy Teigen
Teigen first revealed she is having a boy after attending the 2018 Grammy Awards with Legend, captioning a red carpet photo of herself flashing a dazzling smile with her hand on her bump, “Mama and her baby boy.”
Steve Granitz/WireImage
In January, Teigen confirmed that she and Legend conceived through in vitro fertilization again, explaining to PEOPLE, “We did the harvesting — as they call it — again, where they make the embryos.”
She has previously been open about choosing to have a baby girl through IVF the first time around, explaining that “a little boy is next.”
DON'T tear your family apart when you die because you haven't prepared them for the
will you've left behind.
And don't give us the old “why should I care, I won't be here” argument.
COSTLY: The big mistake eating into our superannuation
You should care. You're proud of how you've raised your family, they're good kids
and have a good relationship with each other … as far as siblings go.
Then they see the will, the plans for splitting up your estate, and so often they're
surprised, which leads to resentment and all those years of nurturing are destroyed.
We see it all the time.
Often it can be simple wording, or a well intentioned plan by the parents, which can be misconstrued and animosity sets in.
We had one friend who left their entire estate to the eldest son with the clause “and
then you look after your sisters”.
Well intentioned but complicated, messy and hurtful to the daughters because they
felt it inferred they weren't bright enough to look after themselves.
It took some pretty hefty legal bills to sort things out.
Here are our golden tips for stopping heirs arguing over your estate.
Start the conversation early
It naturally depends on the age of the children but, if they're adults, let loved ones
know what's in store and how you plan to divide your estate before you go.
This will help to manage expectations and identify any potential areas of conflict that need to
be addressed before you pass away.
Remember adult children have their own different financial situations, tax issues and
preferences.
Camera Icon Make sure you leave family in a good place. Illustration by John Tiedemann Picture: News Corp Australia
What is important for one child may not be for another and a natural compromise can be easily reached.
It can also get really messy if a family business is involved and, even messier, if one
of the kids works in it.
Nobody wants to believe their passing will cause conflict but, the unfortunate reality
is, it often does so communicate your intentions early to reduce the chance of conflict.
After all, there's a good chance you're the most experienced mediator in the family.
We believe it is a big mistake to use an estate as a bargaining chip to maintain some
sort of power over the family.
“Be nice or I won't leave you anything,” threats are really destructive.
It's way better to be open about everything.
Choose the Executor carefully
The executor is the one who directly deals with the beneficiaries so choose them
carefully. And it can be more than one.
Many people have a solicitor as executor as well as a family friend or relative and
they work as a team. The lawyer does all the legal grunt work while the friend handles
all the human emotional issues between beneficiaries.
It's a good idea.
Play by the rules
The most valuable tool for a quick and effective transition of an estate is clear and
legally binding paperwork.
An up-to-date will, trusted power of attorney and superannuation and insurance death nominations will provide firm direction for settling your estate.
A will takes effect when you die and generally covers off how your assets will be
distributed, funeral directions and any other last wishes.
If you pass away without a will, the State Government distributes your estate according to predefined rules, so it pays to put it all down in writing with the help of a solicitor.
Give your adult children a copy of the will to keep as a reference.
Get your files in order
Gather your banking, superannuation, insurance and investment details together, along with the contact details of anyone you use to manage your personal affairs.
These should be clearly marked and stored in a secure place that your partner and power of attorney can access when you go.
If your partner isn't actively involved in the financial side of your relationship, now is
an important time to get them across your estate, introduce them to any professionals
you use and provide access to important accounts.
Trying to do this without your help is a headache they really don't need at an emotional time when they're coping with your death.
Camera Icon It's easier to enjoy retirement years when loved ones are looked after. Picture: Supplied
Provide clear instructions
Wills tend to be quite general in language, so try to be specific in your directions, and
even provide some background or explanation if you think it will help people come to
terms with your decisions.
The key is to avoid confusion or conflict about what you would have wanted by
clearly communicating your instructions.
A simple letter to the executor explaining your wishes in detail can be a huge help and allow you to say everything you might not have been able to articulate in your will.
EDUCATION: The three money lessons parents must teach their kids
Avoid playing favourites
Try to make your estate as fair as possible for everyone involved. If you really want to
provide more to one particular person, consider doing this while you're alive to avoid
disputes over the will when you're gone.
One of the most important legacies of your estate should be to maintain a cohesive
and loving family, so make a special effort to find a place for everyone in your estate.
This doesn't necessarily mean money or assets.
Instead, think about the sentimental items that provide treasured inheritances to the people who they mean most.
Spending the time to get your affairs in order and communicate your final wishes with
loved ones is one of the greatest parting gifts you can give to your family.
And helping your parents go through this process might be one of the most important gifts
you give to them.
Tomi Lahren: I'm So Sick of Celebs, Elitists Looking Down on Gun Owners
Authorities Looking for 'Mystery Woman' Seen With Las Vegas Gunman
Following the mass shooting in Las Vegas, many Democratic lawmakers and Hollywood actors are pushing for new gun control measures.
On "The Five," former Utah Congressman Jason Chaffetz said most Americans don't want the government infringing on their Second Amendment rights.
"There's almost as many guns as people in the United States. I happen to own five of them. I am a member of the NRA. And nobody's going to come and take my guns away," Chaffetz said. "And the good people who are law-abiding citizens have a constitutional right to have them."
He acknowledged, however, that there are measures that could be taken to help prevent mass shootings, such as keeping a national database of potential gun owners who have mental health issues.
"There are a lot of things that we can do that wouldn't have necessarily solved Las Vegas, but there is common ground," Chaffetz said.
He said the problem is that people are so polarized on the gun control issue that they can't come together on that common ground.
"Congress is involved. And as Will Rogers once said, the opposite of progress is Congress. So it's probably not going to happen."
Watch more above.
Dana Loesch: Monsters Exist and Millions of Americans Want to Protect Themselves
Nancy Sinatra: 'Murderous Members of NRA Should Face Firing Squad'
Las Vegas Attack Victim Who Stood for Trumps: 'I Just Wanted to Show Them Respect'
'You'll Find Out': Trump Again Teases About a 'Calm Before the Storm'
Anwar Arkani's pleas to a Hamilton rally to help his fellow Rohingyas in Myanmar were followed by cries of "shame" directed at Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and the United Nations for not stopping the massacre.
The rally in front of City Hall protested the atrocities the military is inflicting on the Muslim minority in Myanmar, also known as Burma. It also called on the Canadian government to act to stop it.
The accounts of horror include the burning of entire Rohingya villages, killing, torturing, beheading and slaughtering men, women and children; mass rapes of young girls and women; and torturing and killing infants.
Condemnation was expressed by speaker after speaker at the rally, attended by about 200 to 300 people.
They called on the Canadian government to send help to the approximately 500,000 Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh, to stop sending $42 million in aid to Myanmar, to end the atrocities and to revoke leader Aung San Suu Kyi's honorary Canadian citizenship from 2007.
Arkani, of Kitchener, escaped Myanmar while a boy and spent 10 years in Thailand before he was able to come to Canada 20 years ago. He has been raising the Rohingya plight since 2007. He still has a sister and nieces and nephews in Myanmar and told the crowd, "I cannot sleep. I cannot eat because there is absolutely nothing I can do." The only thing he can do is ask people to say or do something to try to help.
"Please, people are dying as we speak," said an emotional Ankari.
"Sometimes I go numb" thinking about the massacres, he told The Spectator afterward. "My brain goes blank."
Ahmed Ramadan of the Burma Task Force Canada said the federal government should call what's happening to the Rohingyas a genocide.
"Forget ethnic cleansing. It's genocide," he said.
House Intelligence Committee Democrats released a scathing statement Friday condemning the declassification of a memo crafted by Rep. Devin Nunes (R-CA) staffers that purports to prove FBI officials abused the FISA process when seeking a warrant to surveil Trump campaign aide Carter Page.
The Democrats said it was “telling” that Nunes pushed out the memo “without bothering to read the underlying materials” and said its release represented a “terrible lapse in leadership” from Speaker of the House Paul Ryan (R-WI).
They claimed it was “tragic” yet “predictable” that President Donald Trump agreed to declassify the memo, which Republicans are using to perpetuate their claim that there's an anti-Trump bias within the FBI.
Read the full statement from House Intelligence Committee Democrats below:
“Chairman Nunes' decision, supported by House Speaker Ryan and Republican Members of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, to publicly release misleading allegations against the Department of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation is a shameful effort to discredit these institutions, undermine the Special Counsel's ongoing investigation, and undercut congressional probes. Furthermore, their refusal to allow release of a comprehensive response memorandum prepared by Committee Democrats is a transparent effort to suppress the full truth.
“As the DOJ emphasized to Chairman Nunes, the decision to employ an obscure and never before used House rule to release classified information without DOJ and FBI vetting was ‘extraordinarily reckless.' The selective release and politicization of classified information sets a terrible precedent and will do long-term damage to the Intelligence Community and our law enforcement agencies. If potential intelligence sources know that their identities might be compromised when political winds arise, those sources of vital information will simply dry up, at great cost to our national security.
“The Republican document mischaracterizes highly sensitive classified information that few Members of Congress have seen, and which Chairman Nunes himself chose not to review. It fails to provide vital context and information contained in DOJ's FISA application and renewals, and ignores why and how the FBI initiated, and the Special Counsel has continued, its counterintelligence investigation into Russia's election interference and links to the Trump campaign. The sole purpose of the Republican document is to circle the wagons around the White House and insulate the President. Tellingly, when asked whether the Republican staff who wrote the memo had coordinated its drafting with the White House, the Chairman refused to answer.
“The premise of the Nunes memo is that the FBI and DOJ corruptly sought a FISA warrant on a former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser, Carter Page, and deliberately misled the court as part of a systematic abuse of the FISA process. As the Minority memo makes clear, none of this is true. The FBI had good reason to be concerned about Carter Page and would have been derelict in its responsibility to protect the country had it not sought a FISA warrant.
“In order to understand the context in which the FBI sought a FISA warrant for Carter Page, it is necessary to understand how the investigation began, what other information the FBI had about Russia's efforts to interfere with our election, and what the FBI knew about Carter Page prior to making application to the court – including Carter Page's previous interactions with Russian intelligence operatives. This is set out in the Democratic response which the GOP so far refuses to make public.
“The authors of the GOP memo would like the country to believe that the investigation began with Christopher Steele and the dossier, and if they can just discredit Mr. Steele, they can make the whole investigation go away regardless of the Russians' interference in our election or the role of the Trump campaign in that interference. This ignores the inconvenient fact that the investigation did not begin with, or arise from Christopher Steele or the dossier, and that the investigation would persist on the basis of wholly independent evidence had Christopher Steele never entered the picture.
“The DOJ appropriately provided the court with a comprehensive explanation of Russia's election interference, including evidence that Russian agents courted another Trump campaign foreign adviser, George Papadopoulos. As we know from Papadopoulos' guilty plea, Russian agents disclosed to Papadopoulos their possession of stolen Clinton emails and interest in a relationship with the campaign. In claiming that there is ‘no evidence of any cooperation or conspiracy between Page and Papadopoulos,' the Majority deliberately misstates the reason why DOJ specifically explained Russia's role in courting Papadopoulos and the context in which to evaluate Russian approaches to Page.
“The Majority suggests that the FBI failed to alert the court as to Mr. Steele's potential political motivations or the political motivations of those who hired him, but this is not accurate. The GOP memo also claims that a Yahoo News article was used to corroborate Steele, but this is not at all why the article was referenced. These are but a few of the serious mischaracterizations of the FISA application. There are many more set out in the Democratic response, which we will again be seeking a vote to release publicly on Monday, February 5th. Unlike Committee Republicans, however, we will ask the relevant agencies to propose any necessary redactions to protect any sources and methods not already disclosed by Chairman Nunes' document.
“It is telling that Chairman Nunes put out this memo without bothering to read the underlying materials, and that he ordered changes to the document without informing his own committee members. It is a terrible lapse in leadership that Speaker Ryan failed to intervene and prevent the abuse of classified materials in this way. It is tragic, if all too predictable, that this President would allow the release of the memo despite FBI and DOJ's expressions of ‘grave concerns about material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the [Republicans'] memo's accuracy'. But most destructive of all may be the announcement by Chairman Nunes that he has placed the FBI and DOJ under investigation, impugning and impairing the work of the dedicated professionals trying to keep our country safe.”
ANKARA (Sputnik) — On Sunday, the Turks expressed their support for government-backed constitutional changes to shift to a presidential system and thus broaden presidential powers, with preliminary results showing over 51 percent of support.
"We fought against all enemies, we were attacked by those who have the worldview of the crusaders. But as a nation we remained strong. We can only bow to our shrines and not to anyone else," Erdoğan said at Ankara's airport.
The constitutional reforms have already cleared the Turkish parliament and been signed by Erdoğan
According to the Turkish leader, once Turkey becomes a presidential republic in November 2019, in conformity with the constitutional amendments, the country will become even stronger.
LOVE, three chords and the truth are all you need when in the presence of the rock greatness of Paul McCartney.
After winning hundreds of thousands of hearts and minds as his One on One tour wound around the country, he finally arrived in Sydney for his two final Australian concerts at Qudos Bank Arena.
It was impossible not to marvel that after a very long 23-year wait for the Maccalytes, that here he was, a Beatle for crying out loud.
Camera Icon Paul McCartney had fans in raptures. Picture: David Swift. Picture: News Limited
This was the man who managed to transcend the weight of that legend to maintain a profound influence on pop culture for five decades, with Wings, his vast solo work and who most recently shared chart glory with Kanye and Rihanna and the Foo Fighters.
McCartney traversed all those chapters in a show which stretched to almost three hours with plenty to sing about love, that perennial pop song obsession.
There was his great romantic loves. My Valentine was inspired by and dedicated to his wife Nancy in the audience.
And a couple of songs later, Maybe I'm Amazed which he wrote for his late wife Linda got a false start of wrong notes and words before this rock god decided to embrace his fallibility and declare it a trainwreck.
“I could consider it was a rewrite but I'm going to start again,” he said to huge cheers.
Can't Buy Me Love , Love Me Do , All My Loving , And I Love Her underscored the theme.
The enduring beauty of Something , for George Harrison, and Yesterday , the poignancy of Hey Jude and Eleanor Rigby and rock'n'roll grandeur of Live And Let Die and Back In The USSR , he was superb whether plucking heart strings or rocking out.
Blackbird was a sublime moment, just McCartney on acoustic guitar, deftly plucked its distinctive melody as the sold out crowd of 15,000 DisciPauls sang along to this song of solidarity.
And the epic majesty of A Day In The Life , mashed up with Give Peace A Chance , followed soon after by the three songs in one Band On The Run served as a reminder of the ambition of his songwriting and musical vision through the Beatles and beyond.
The show wasn't just one classic song after another.
The perennial performer knows the value of a great story and he has a lifetime of them. The time Jimi Hendrix played Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band to open his own show just two nights after the album came out.
The story behind In Spite Of All The Danger , the first song they recorded as the Quarrymen.
The musical conversation of Here Today , written for his mate John Lennon after his death.
Or singing Strangers In The Night to dolphins frolicking with McCartney and his family in Perth.
Often watching the crowd was almost as hypnotic as witnessing McCartney sing and play with effortless agility and unmistakeable joy.
Although it was tough to summon the love for Mull of Kintyre , even with a local piper band joining McCartney on stage during the encore.
From nine-year-old Harry, who got a birthday shout out from the Beatle legend, to those well into their 70s and 80s, there were beaming faces, bemused faces (during the Kanye and Rihanna number) and others stretched by the effort of singing along at the top of their lungs.
There are many fans who would have seen the 75-year-old rock great on this long-awaited tour thinking it might be his last here.
Let's hope he takes Bruce Springsteen's lead and books another run next year.
In the meantime, try to get a ticket for the final Sydney show tonight. It is the show of a lifetime.
Many payday lenders could go out of business if rules made final this week by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau go into effect. But the changes face stiff headwinds from Republicans in Congress.
One new rule would require payday and auto title lenders to determine whether a borrower can afford to repay in full within 30 days. That could thwart a business model that consumer advocates say relies on the rollover of unpaid loans with the accumulation of exorbitant fees and interest rates of 300 percent or more.
The proposed regulations also would limit the number of times a lender can debit a borrower's account without being reauthorized to do so. As The Associated Press writes, "This is because many payday loan borrowers end up over-drafting their bank accounts, which in turn incurs fees" or forces them to close their accounts.
"Too often, borrowers who need quick cash end up trapped in loans they can't afford," CFPB Director Richard Cordray said in a statement. "The rule's common-sense ability-to-repay protections prevent lenders from succeeding by setting up borrowers to fail."
Investopedia writes:
"Payday lenders offer short-term cash loans in exchange for a postdated check, usually dated for your next payday. The amount of the check includes the loan total and a finance charge. For example, you write a check for, say, $115 to receive a $100 loan. Given a two-week loan term, which is fairly standard, the $15 finance charge works out to an APR of nearly 400%, and this assumes you pay back the loan on time."
But a 2014 study by the CFPB found that the vast majority of payday loans are not paid back on time: More than 80 percent are rolled over or followed by another loan within two weeks. The study found that 15 percent of new loans "are followed by a loan sequence at least 10 loans long."
"Payday and car title lenders profit from repeatedly dragging hard-pressed people deeper and deeper into debt, and taking advantage of families when they are financially vulnerable," said Lisa Donner with Americans for Financial Reform. "Curbing the ability to push loans that borrowers clearly cannot repay is a key protection."
However, the Financial Services Association of America, a trade group that represents the $39 billion industry, says the rule would devastate an industry that serves 30 million to 40 million customers a year.
"Taking away their access to this line of credit means many more Americans will be left with no choice but to turn to the unregulated loan industry, overseas and elsewhere, while others will simply bounce checks and suffer under the burden of greater debt," says Ed D'Alessio, the group's executive director.
The CFPB estimates that loan volume for the industry could be cut in half and that many of the 16,000 payday lender stores in 35 states will be forced out of business. Fifteen states have effectively banned such lenders.
Along with finalizing the proposed CFPB rule, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency on Thursday lifted restrictions that kept banks from making small-dollar loans, Reuters reports.
The payday rule would not go into effect until 2019 and still could be rolled back by Congress.
The CFPB, created under the Obama-era Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, has been in the cross-hairs of the Trump administration and Republicans lawmakers who say it saddles businesses with excessive red tape.
In February, Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D., introduced a bill to cut funding to the CFPB. In June, House Republicans voted overwhelmingly in favor of a bill pushed by Texas GOP Rep. Jeb Hensarling to weaken the bureau and roll back the Dodd-Frank act.
According to an opinion poll published in April by the Pew Charitable Trusts, 70 percent of 1,205 American adults surveyed want more regulation of payday lenders.
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Edward Snowden, Julian Assange, Bradley/Chelsea Manning – are all too familiar names to a specific kind of folk, namely people who read. Unfortunately a large majority of good citizens around the world ‘have nothing to hide' and therefore are not alarmed by the disclosures, the persecutions of those who release information and most importantly by encroaching global lockdown on our freedoms Running Man style. George Carlin, John Oliver, and Aidan Kilian deliver the funny, while Andrew Pepper-Parsons (head of policy at a London-based whistleblowing charity — Public Concern at Work) shares his professional opinion.
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com
Have you heard the news? Sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
March 30 TRI Pointe Group Inc
* TRI Pointe Group says on March 27, Messrs. Barry Sternlicht and Christopher Graham notified their decision to resign from co's board - SEC filing
* TRI Pointe Group Inc says board has also determined to decrease size of board to six directors Source text: (bit.ly/2omCIpw) Further company coverage:
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
Officials from across the nation are checking out a prison program that can serve as a model for treating young adult offenders.
Officials from across the nation are checking out a prison program that can serve as a model for treating young adult offenders.
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
Eric Greitens' planned resignation as Missouri governor will elevate another Republican military veteran to the office, but one with more experience in working with state lawmakers.
Eric Greitens' planned resignation as Missouri governor will elevate another Republican military veteran to the office, but one with more experience in working with state lawmakers.
(AP Photo/Charlie Riedel, File). FILE - In this Aug. 17, 2017, file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, left, talks to Lt. Gov. Mike Parson during the Governor's Ham Breakfast at the Missouri State Fair in Sedalia, Mo. Greitens abruptly announced his r...
(AP Photo/Charlie Riedel, File). FILE - In this Aug. 17, 2017, file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, left, talks to Lt. Gov. Mike Parson during the Governor's Ham Breakfast at the Missouri State Fair in Sedalia, Mo. Greitens abruptly announced his r...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Poll: More young people say politicians care what they think
Poll: More young people say politicians care what they think
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as his colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as his colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
By PAT EATON-ROBB
Associated Press
CHESHIRE, Conn. (AP) - Demetriuse Geyer, who met his father while both were inmates inside a Connecticut prison, says he's now getting the skills to give himself a better future, one outside the barbed wire.
The 22-year-old from Bridgeport is part of a prison program called TRUE (Truthfulness, Respect, Understanding and Elevating) which is designed specifically to address the needs of 18- to 25-year-old offenders.
It focuses on developing inmates as people through educational programs, family engagement and the mentorship of older inmates, some of whom are serving life sentences.
"I'm learning how to control my anger," said Geyer, who is serving a five-year sentence for robbery "I'm also learning how to write a resume, fill out a job application, handle my money - things I never learned in high school."
Connecticut officials said they believe the program can become a national model. On Wednesday, as part of a "Reimagining Justice" conference, they took criminal justice officials from across the country through the unit, which houses about 70 inmates inside the Cheshire Correctional Institution.
It is based on a German prison, which Gov. Dannel P. Malloy and Correction Commissioner Scott Semple toured in 2015.
Younger criminals often act on impulse and are better served by a nurturing, supportive environment, rather than one that is strictly punitive, Semple said.
"Scientists have learned that it takes a human brain about 25 years to fully develop," he said. "To some degree, we consider the teen brain still on training wheels."
Inmates apply for the program and are chosen by a committee. But Semple also said those in the unit have varying disciplinary records in an effort to get a realistic idea of whether the program works.
"We're not bringing cupcakes into this unit," he said. "We're trying to bring in folks who will challenge us."
Semple said he was wary of allowing the unit to include the older mentors, worried that those inmates might take advantage of the younger prisoners. Instead they have become invaluable, he said, treating the inmates as younger versions of themselves and showing them how to avoid confrontations in prison and other pitfalls.
Family visits are encouraged and inmates are able to have physical contact, which includes holding their children or reading to them.
There are team-building exercises, often including the guards, turning what is an adversarial relationship into a supportive one, officials said.
"Yesterday I was talking to a correction officer outside and everyone was playing basketball everyone was hanging out and he looked at me and said, I feel more like a camp counselor than a CO," said 24-year-old inmate Festim Shyuqeriu, who is serving time for robbery. "I said, 'That's a good thing'."
Semple said he had hoped to open an entire prison for young adult offenders, but settled for the unit amid state budget cuts. It has been open for about a year and so far only about a dozen inmates have completed their sentences, he said.
A similar unit will open this summer at the York Correctional Institution, the state's women's prison and further expansions are planned.
Semple said the state won't have recidivism statistics for the unit for several years, but notes that disciplinary issues inside the TRUE unit are virtually nonexistent. Younger inmates account for about 25 percent of disciplinary incidents outside the unit, he said.
Several other prison systems, including those in South Carolina, Washington, D.C. and Massachusetts are starting programs based on the Connecticut model, Semple said.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
KINGSTON — It wasn't pretty, but the end result was all that mattered, as Oneida out-lasted Midway 67-49 here Friday to grab its second District 3-A win of the season.
The Indians, who are off to a 2-0 start in district play for the first time in four years, trailed after the first quarter against the winless Green Wave, before going on a 23-6 run in the second quarter to take control.
Midway never led once Oneida took the lead early in the second quarter, and the Green Wave's biggest lead of the night was just three points — compared to what was at one point a 23-point lead for the Indians — but the home team was nevertheless able to stay just close enough to prevent Oneida from taking its foot off the gas.
To continue reading, please subscribe to the Independent Herald . If you are already a subscriber, email subscriptions@ihoneida.com with the name and address to which your newspaper is mailed to receive login credentials. If you are a subscriber who is logged in and believe you are seeing this message in error, please email subscriptions@ihoneida.com or call 423-569-6343.
The complete story can be found in the December 14, 2017 print edition of the Independent Herald.
Our research has revealed that almost ten fires a day are being caused by faulty white goods such as washing machines, tumble dryers and fridges.
A total of 9,574 fires in the past three years have been caused by faulty white goods according to responses Freedom of Information requests from 30 out of 51 fire brigades.
The areas with the highest number of fires caused by faulty appliances were Greater Manchester (2,888), Scotland (1,180) and Surrey (1,048).
The Liberal Democrats have called for an urgent review of current standards and for landlords and councils to be required by law to carry out regular electrical safety checks.
These shocking figures expose the threat posed by faulty everyday appliances, from fridges to tumble dryers.
People are sitting with death traps in their homes.
The government urgently needs to act to prevent a repeat of the Grenfell tragedy.
We need a full review of current standards and tougher measures to ensure all potentially lethal white goods are recalled.
Landlords and councils should also be required by law to carry out regular electrical safety checks, as is the case for gas.
Clouds and wind move through the Atlanta area, Monday, March 19, 2018. More than 29 million people, including millions in Atlanta, face a threat of severe storms that could bring large, damaging winds and strong tornadoes to the southeastern United States, forecasters said. Alex Sanz AP Photo
By Abby Hassler
Indie-pop sensation Bleachers just released a new track “Hate That You Know Me” off their upcoming second studio album, Gone Now. The album is slated for release June 2.
Related: Ellie Goulding, Bleachers Featured on Latest ‘Girls' Soundtrack
Fans who pre-order the album will get an instant download of the new track, along with the release's first single “Don't Take The Money,” which features Lorde. Jack Antonoff and company will hit the road later this month.
Listen to Bleacher's latest and check out their full tour itinerary below.
4/25 – New York, NY @ Studio at Webster Hall
4/27 – Los Angeles, CA @ The Roxy
5/14 – Atlanta, GA @ Shaky Knees Festival
5/21 – Omaha, NE @ Slowdown
5/23 – Colorado Springs, CO @ Rawkus
5/27 – George, WA @ Sasquatch Festival
6/2 – New York, NY @ Governor's Ball
6/13 – Richmond, VA @ The National
6/14 – Charlotte, NC @ The Underground
6/16 – Columbus, OH @ Express Live!
6/18 – Dover, DE @ Firefly Music Festival
6/20 – Cambridge, MA @ The Sinclair
6/21 – Rochester, NY @ Anthology
6/23 – Baltimore, MD @ Rams Head Live!
6/25 – Detroit, MI @ St. Andrews Hall
6/27 – Indianapolis, IN @ Deluxe @ Old National Center
6/28 – St. Louis, MO @ Delmar Hall
6/30 – Kansas City, MO @ Kansas City Live!
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
(Adds company response)
By Laura Benitez
LONDON, May 2 (IFR) - AT&T is expected to tap the European bond market soon to help finance its US$85.4bn acquisition of Time Warner, according to several market participants.
AT&T is holding European meetings for a 'non-deal' investor update from May 2 via Bank of America Merrill Lynch and BNP Paribas.
Those banks said the meetings will only be used to update investors and are not linked to new bond issuance.
However, market participants are already speculating that AT&T is getting the ball rolling for a jumbo transaction, expected to be a mix of euro and US dollar debt.
"Everyone is eyeing up the US$30bn bridge and assuming they'll address some of that in euros," said one investor due to meet with the company later today.
Another investor that met with AT&T earlier on Tuesday told IFR that he expected to see a deal in the near term.
"Reading into it, yes, they will start to refinance that US$30bn shortly in the bond market."
A spokesperson at AT&T declined to comment about a possible bond issue.
The wireless giant announced that it had agreed to buy Time Warner Inc in October last year, and said it would finance the cash portion of the acquisition with debt and cash on its balance sheet.
AT&T has an 18-month bridge loan for US$30bn maturing in May 2018, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Companies have typically taken out bridge loans with bonds soon after announcing acquisitions in recent years due to strong market conditions and ultra low interest rates.
"If the world is still spinning in two/three weeks then we'll see a euro bond from AT&T," a banker not involved in the meetings said.
"AT&T typically don't like doing bond roadshows and they were put off by Honeywell and United Technologies, who saw spreads widen massively after holding roadshows last year."
AT&T was last in the European market in February 2015 with a €2.5bn dual-tranche deal. The €1.25bn Sep 2023 portion was bid at 59bp over mid-swaps on Tuesday, according to Tradeweb, having priced at plus 75bp. The company is rated Baa1/BBB+/A- by Moody's/S&P/Fitch (all on negative watch).
The Time Warner acquisition was approved by the European Commission in March.
"It's moving along as expected. The European Commission has approved it. The Department of Justice is now reviewing it, and we're working closely with them to answer any questions that they may have," Randall L. Stephenson, AT&T's chairman, CEO and President said on the company's earnings call in April. (Reporting By Laura Benitez, editing by Alex Chambers and Julian Baker)
Arizona quarterback Brandon Dawkins throws against Utah during the first half of an NCAA college football game, Friday, Sept. 22, 2017, in Tucson, Ariz. (AP Photo/Rick Scuteri) Colorado quarterback Steven Montez passes for a touchdown during the first half of an NCAA college football game against UCLA, Saturday, Sept. 30, 2017, in Pasadena, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill) Colorado running back Phillip Lindsay, right, takes a pass in for a touchdown as UCLA defensive back Adarius Pickett tackles him during the first half of an NCAA college football game, Saturday, Sept. 30, 2017, in Pasadena, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill) Colorado quarterback Steven Montez, right, escapes a tackle by UCLA linebacker Josh Woods during the second half of an NCAA college football game, Saturday, Sept. 30, 2017, in Pasadena, Calif. UCLA won 27-23. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
BOULDER, Colo. | Steven Montez's remedy for soreness after a recent loss was to pour a little more salt into the wounds.
Epsom salt, more specifically — in a bath. It worked like a charm for the Colorado quarterback who absorbed some big hits in a 27-23 loss at UCLA last weekend.
Now, he's hoping to help heal the Buffaloes (3-2, 0-2 Pac-12), who've dropped two straight conference games in their defense of the Pac-12 South crown.
Next up , Arizona (2-2, 0-1) and its improved defense on Saturday. The Wildcats have forced 20 three-and-outs this season. Not bad, considering the team had 30 in a dozen games a year ago.
“They're a good defense,” Montez said. “We're just going to do what we do on offense, and hopefully we get some things going.”
Montez and the offense remain a work in progress. He was 17 of 36 for 243 yards along with 108 yards rushing against the Bruins. He's trying to stay in the pocket more instead of looking to run.
He's taken quite a few wallops this season.
“I'm feeling good,” Montez said. “I mean, we're playing football. It's not like golf where you're standing out there swinging clubs. No offense to Tiger (Woods), Rory (McIlroy) and all them, they're freak athletes too, but it's a contact sport so you're going to be a little sore after games. I'm not any more sore than I've been.”
On the other side of the ball, the Buffaloes defense has their hands full with a dual threat in Brandon Dawkins, a quarterback who reminds Buffaloes coach Mike MacIntyre of Colin Kaepernick. MacIntyre had to scheme against Kaepernick while he was coaching at San Jose State and Kaepernick was under center with Nevada.
“(Dawkins) is athletic, fast and he can throw the ball forever. He has great arm strength,” MacIntyre said. “That's what Kaepernick would do in college. He'd run everywhere and do that kind of thing. We've got to be able to stop their running game and hopefully corral Dawkins.”
That hasn't been an easy assignment. Dawkins leads the team with 341 yards rushing and six TDs. He's also thrown for 670 yards and five scores.
Dawkins is coming off game in which he threw three interceptions during a 30-24 loss to No. 20 Utah on Sept. 22.
“It's the big mistakes that have been hurting us, but he's not the only one making mistakes,” Arizona coach Rich Rodriguez said at his weekly news conference. “We've all made them. Brandon knows that we can't have a big mistake, and can't have turnovers. We have to capitalize on opportunities of big, potential plays.”
Here are things to know heading into a game where the Wildcats have won two straight at Folsom Field:
YOUNG CATS: The Wildcats have played 27 freshmen, including 17 true freshmen. Tight end Bryce Wolma leads the team in receptions with 15, while linebacker Colin Schooler has recorded 11 tackles, an interception and a forced fumbled over his last two games. “I have been pleasantly surprised with some of the young players that haven't made as many mental mistakes, which is good,” Rodriguez said.
MUCH RESPECT: Count Rodriguez as a fan of Buffaloes tailback Philip Lindsay, who's rushed for 529 yards this season. He's 196 yards away from moving into the top five on Colorado's all-time rushing list. “He's a big-time player,” Rodriguez said.
FAMILY WEEKEND: Colorado junior receiver Jay MacIntyre may not get to spend all that much time with his father as part of Family Weekend festivities. That's fine, he sees enough of his dad/coach in practice anyway. Here's a stat about Family Weekend in coach Mike MacIntyre's favor: The Buffaloes are 18-7 since celebrating what was once known as Parent's Weekend.
SOMETHING HAS TO GIVE: The Buffaloes are one of nine teams in the nation that hasn't allowed a kickoff return longer than 22 yards. On the flip side, the Wildcats are averaging 25.9 yards, which is 17th in the country.
STATS, STATS, STATS: The Wildcats have outscored opponents by a 76-36 margin in the second half … The Buffaloes are two wins shy of No. 700 in school history. They're 698-496-36.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Leave it to Gisele Bündchen to kick off 2017 in the most idyllic setting ever.
The supermodel took to Instagram on Monday to share a video of herself singing and strumming the guitar during a stunning sunset — and it's about as picture-perfect as you can imagine.
“Thank you @AnaVilelaoficial for such a truthful song,” the Brazilian-born star gushed in her caption, which she wrote in both English and Portuguese. “The lyrics are so inspiring that I decided to take a risk and play it. #sendinglove.”
Bündchen, 36, went on to sing the song Trem-Bala by artist Ana Vilela in Portuguese, wearing a white cover-up and a yellow flower in her hair as the sun twinkled behind her, reflecting on the pool overlooking the ocean.
The mother of three also included the English translation of the lyrics to the song for her followers.
And that's actually not the first time the model has shown off her musical tendencies: She's sung in commercials for H&M in the past and sang/played the guitar in two videos for Chanel fragrances last year.
RELATED VIDEO: Tom Brady's Perfect Date Night with Wife Gisele is Shockingly Low Key
Bündchen, who is married to New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, also shared an inspiring message for her followers about heading into the new year.
“Let's let go of what no longer serves us and embrace with an open heart all the experiences that life will bring us in this New Year, co-creating the beautiful world we wan to live in,” she captioned a picture of herself leaping across a beach. “#happynewyear #love #peace #joy #compassion #positivity #consciousness.”
VOL. 41 | NO. 15 | Friday, April 14, 2017
Legislators renew push for veterans' property tax relief By Sam Stockard Print | Front Page | Email this story To:
From:
Message:
From (email):
Message:
Members of the Legislature's Veterans Caucus are renewing a call to increase property tax relief statewide for veterans and the elderly in a measure separate from the governor's IMPROVE Act.
The House Finance, Ways and Means Committee voted last week to remove a property tax relief measure from the gas tax/tax cut bill, which is slated to be considered on the House floor Wednesday morning. The decision was followed a Veterans Caucus move endorsing it.
“I am proud of the House for taking a stand against using Tennessee veterans as political pawns,” Rep. Micah Van Huss, an East Tennessee Republican and Veterans Caucus member, said in a statement. “This is an important issue and deserves to be addressed independently of other concerns facing the state.”
Van Huss, a Marine Corps veteran, has been pushing to separate the veterans property tax relief from the IMPROVE Act for weeks since the Senate amended its version of the bill to include it. He also contends increasing the gas tax by six cents over the next three years would hurt Tennessee families and veterans, especially with the state “sitting on a $2 billion surplus.”
At the time the Senate amended the bill, Sen. Jim Tracy said a vote against the IMPROVE Act would be a vote against veterans tax relief. Proponents of the bill say the higher gas tax would be offset by reductions in the grocery tax, Hall income tax and franchise and excise taxes on business.
In unanimous votes last week, the Veterans Caucus approved two motions: One requested House and Senate members consider increasing veterans' property tax relief to $175,000 on the valuation of their property.
The other states: “Veterans should not be used as political pawns. Legislation providing for increases in the veterans property tax relief program has been sent to the General Subcommittee of the Senate State and Local Government Committee. We, the Veterans Caucus of the Tennessee General Assembly, urge the lieutenant governor and the senators to work to get these bills heard and given a fair vote.”
The Senate's version of the IMPROVE Act, which was rewritten by Majority Leader Mark Norris, increases veterans' property tax relief to $135,100 from $100,000 of the property value that can be counted toward relief for a veteran's home and to $27,000 from $23,500 the amount for the elderly and disabled. Those would be adjusted for inflation annually.
Lt. Gov. Randy McNally said the Senate opted to place those measures in the gas tax/tax cut bill to ensure they would be funded as part of the governor's $37 billion budget plan. Otherwise, they would go “behind the budget,” the term used for items forced to wait until the full budget is approved.
“It was not, by any means, some type of ‘human shield' to get the gas tax passed,” said McNally.
The governor's bill is the only Senate “vehicle” for veterans tax relief because all other bills relating to it have been sent to the general subcommittee, McNally pointed out.
Nevertheless, some senators are determined to separate the two.
Sen. Rusty Crowe, a Johnson City Republican and Vietnam era veteran, said he supports the Veterans Caucus' recent votes. Crowe is former chairman of the Joint Select Committee on Veterans Affairs and current member of the Governor's Council for Armed Forces, Veterans and their Families.
“Our veterans have cared more for our freedom and liberty than they have even for their own lives,” he said in a statement. “We had fought for and received many years ago a valuable property tax break for our veterans, seniors and disabled citizens. It is important that we afford our veterans, elderly and our disabled citizens the maximum tax reduction possible.”
Moving the tax relief to the Senate amounts is expected to cost about $500 million, and adjusting it upward to the House amount would be considerably more expensive.
Norris said previously attaching the measure to the IMPROVE Act is the best way to make sure it moves through the General Assembly, based on his conversations with the governor.
“Nothing could be further from the truth,” Norris said previously, responding to accusations that veterans are being used as “pawns” in the gas-tax debate. “They shouldn't feel that way.”
Nevertheless, Mark Lucas, executive director of the conservative group Concerned Veterans for America, issued a statement late last week saying, “We applaud the Tennessee House for recognizing that veterans should not be used as a front to pass a massive gas tax increase. The Senate's decision to play political games with hard-working Tennessee taxpayers will not pay off, and we encourage them to do the right thing.”
Sam Stockard can be reached at sstockard44@gmail.com.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
A new survey shows that fewer than one-in-four Americans agree that people should be allowed to freely change their legal sex by switching their preferred “gender identity.”
Only 22.7 percent of people in the poll said people should be allowed to change their recorded sex or “gender identity” on government documents whenever they wish, said the poll.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
In contrast, 44.6 percent of respondents said people should be allowed to switch their legal sex, but only after medical tests or a government check.
Twenty-three percent opposed any sex-related change to identity documents, and 17.1 percent declined to answer.
The lopsided results were revealed in a survey conducted by Ipsos for the Williams Institute, a pro-transgender advocacy group at the University of California at Los Angeles. The institute downplayed Americans' views by touting the views of foreigners in Peru, Sweden, Turkey, Belgium, and other countries, all of whom are entitled to set their own national rules on sex.
The Williams organization also did not reveal the precise language of the questions, which can skew the respondents' answers. For example, the press release from the Williams Institute steals a political base or two by declaring the existence of “Transgender Rights,” even though the sought-after legal rights have not been approved by voters in the United States.
The lopsidedly normal results in the poll are a problem for gay groups and other progressives, who insist that people be allowed to freely change their legal sex, even without surgery or medical checks.
That radical position is intended by gay groups and feminists to blur the normal sex distinctions that are the basis of male and female civic institutions. If won via a court case, their goal would fundamentally transform single-sex sports leagues and women's shelters; free speech, law enforcement, and social cooperation; science education, parental guidance of children's sexual development and health, such as the Boy Scouts.
That anti-sex goal is opposed by most conservatives, most moderates and by some gays, former transgender people, and feminists.
However, President Barack Obama's deputies accepted that gender-beats-sex claim in 2016 by formally insisting that the federal definition of a person's sex — their biology — be replaced by a person's chosen “gender identity.” This means that a man, according to the White House, could be a legal male in the morning and a legal female in the afternoon — and other Americans must treat him as a male or female according to his current preferences, regardless of science or the impact on single-sex civic institutions.
This revolutionary political push has a revolutionary goal — to equalize the social status of minority sexual cultures with the status of heterosexual families who birth and rear each new generation of Americans. That goal requires that Americans show as much respect to a childless gay man as they do to heterosexual parents who risk decades of their lives, and spend a huge amount of their money, trying to birth and raise several accomplished children.
That goal is deeply unpopular among Americas. An April poll by Civitas showed that only 7 percent of 600 North Carolinians supported a judge's demand “ordering girls and boys in public middle schools to share locker room, bathroom and shower facilities.” The demand was strongly opposed by 72 percent of respondents.
The vast majority of Americans have long recognized the existence of people who wish to live as members of the other sex. Americans' polite live-and-let-live culture allows them to ignore most occasions when the reality becomes apparent, and even to support some legal conveniences for men and women trying to accomplish the very difficult goal of living as members of other sex.
For example, North Carolina's compromise HB-2 law allows people to change their legal sex after undergoing medical procedures. That law was passed in April to block the city of Charlotte's radical ordinance that allowed people to switch “gender identity” as they prefer.
The HB-2 compromise, however, is fiercely opposed by gay groups who insist that the reality of biological sex should be ignored in favor of individual's choices. The gay groups oppose any medical or scientific definition of a person's legal sex.
In November, the gay advocacy groups and their allies narrowly defeated the incumbent governor, Pat McCrory, after getting their business allies in universities and Silicon Valley to stage an apparent business boycott of the state.
However, the GOP legislature is refusing the repeal the compromise HB-2 law, which ensures that legislators — not judges, cities or individuals — can preserve the distinction between male and female by clearly setting the state-wide legal definition of male and female.
Tuesday on CNN's “Wolf,” while discussing the resignation of Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser, Rep. Seth Moulton (D-MA) said if members of the Trump campaign or administration have been “conspiring” with Russia, they have committed “treason.”
Partial transcript as follows:
MOULTON: The bigger problem, the scandal of the century, not the scandal of the week, is this ongoing relationship with Russia. There is no question, it's the unequivocal conclusion of all our intelligence agencies that Russia wanted Donald Trump to be elected president. Either that's just because they think Trump is Putin's buddy and he is going to do his bidding, or because they have material they can use against the administration. We don't need to just know what Flynn knew or what his associates in the White House knew. We need to know what Russia knows and what they still hold over the heads of the people in the White House.
BLITZER: Do you think Flynn acted alone when he made that phone call to the Russian ambassador in Washington?
MOULTON: I don't think that anything in Washington happens alone. Certainly not a call with the ambassador to our number one enemy for the last 65 years. I mean, let's not lose perspective on exactly who we're talking about here. Russia is the number one enemy of the United States of America. If members of the administration are essentially conspiring with Russia, either through the campaign earlier or now in the administration itself, look, that's the definition of treason. This is a very, very serious affair. While we need to understand what's going on with Michael Flynn, but we can't let this little scandal, or perhaps a big scandal at the moment, let us lose sight of the much bigger scandal, which is what is the overall connection between Russia and the Trump administration?
BLITZER: Let me be precise on this. You're throwing out a huge word, treason. Explain exactly what your concern is.
MOULTON: The definition of treason is putting the interests of our enemy ahead of our own. That's what the definition is. It seems like there's a lot of evidence that there are members of the administration who are more concerned aboutRussia's goals than our own. They continually prioritize the desires of the Kremlin, like, for example, rescinding the sanctions that have been so importantly been put in place, and it's just the voice of the administration that's doing this. You hear both Democrats and Republicans on Capitol Hill saying that this makes no sense. It makes no sense to pull back sanctions against our enemy. So why is it that the administration wants to do that?
BLITZER: It's not the whole administration. Nikki Haley, the U.S. Ambassador to the U.N., speaking before the Security Council on Crimea, she was very tough on the Russians. General Mattis, in his confirmations, very tough on the Russians. Other officials, Rex Tillerson, even though he had business dealings with the Russians, received an award from Putin, very tough in his comments on the Russians. It's not the administration as a whole.
MOULTON: Well, absolutely it is because it starts at the top. That doesn't mean that everybody is implicated, but this is exactly what we need to figure out. I don't think that Michael Flynn is going to be the only person to fall here. I find it very hard to believe that in an administration that has continually drawn the line, as Jim Acosta said, against criticizing Russia, has continually favored Russian interests very publically, it's hard to believe that there's just one fall guy here. I think in a lot of ways that's what the Trump administration is hoping, that this scandal with Flynn will distract from the larger issue, which is what will distract attention from—did Russia want to influence our election? Why didRussiaa try very fervently to influence our election to get Donald Trump elected president?
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
One third of Czech parents are ready to financially support their children until they start making money on their own, a survey carried out by CSOB bank and published in the daily Hospodářské noviny on Monday suggests. According to the survey, every seventh child in the Czech Republic gets an apartment or a house from their parents when they fly the nest. The level of support differs regionally and according to the family's financial situation with children in Prague getting more support than elsewhere in the country.
BELEAGURED Labor Senator Sam Dastyari, under fire for ties to elements of the Chinese Government, will resign from the Parliament.
At a short press conference in Sydney, the Labor senator said he would leave the Upper House because of the ongoing drama around him and his links to a Chinese donor.
Saying that he wanted to put the ALP first, Senator Dastyari said his aim was to end the furore around him and the party.
“After much reflection, I've decided that the best service I can render to the federal parliamentary Labor Party is to not return to the Senate in 2018,” he said.
“I've not reached this decision lightly. But in my deliberations, I've been guided by my Labor values, which tell me that I should leave if my ongoing presence detracts from the pursuit of Labor's mission.”
Yesterday the Immigration Minister, Peter Dutton, accused Senator Dastyari of being a “double agent” in a sign of the way the Government was planning to continue targeting the issue.
The issue has also been used by Malcolm Turnbull to attack Opposition leader Bill Shorten.
Senator Dastyari failed to address directly the issues over which he has resigned, but claimed he had always been loyal to Australia.
“Reflecting on the events which led to my decision, I leave knowing that I've always honoured my parliamentary oath,” he said.
“I've always acted with the and I remain -- integrity, and I remain a loyal, patriotic Australian.”
His resignation comes ahead of this weekend's byelection in the Sydney seat of Bennelong where a Newspoll today put the result at 50-50.
A loss by Liberal MP John Alexander would leave Mr Turnbull without a majority in the House of Representatives.
Mr Shorten, in a statement, confirmed he had been talking to Senator Dastyari about his continuing presence in the Senate.
He said he had told Senator Dastyari that the resignation was “the right decision”.
The Opposition leader defended Senator Dastyari and his work in the Upper House.
“Sam Dastyari is a good, decent and loyal Australian, and an effective parliamentarian, but his judgement has let him down and now he has paid the heaviest price,” he said.
“Sam can be proud of what he has achieved during his time as a senator. He has sought justice for the victims of banking misconduct, exposed the tax minimisation practices of multinational giants, pushed for a better deal for younger Australians and promoted an inclusive multicultural nation.”
Restaurants Canada-wide will be offering the deal
What can 67 cents buy you? On Wednesday, Aug. 16, it's a whole lot at McDonald's.
In celebration of its 50th year in Canada, the chain is offering 67-cent hamburgers at locations nation-wide.
McDonald's opened its first location in Canada right in Richmond, B.C. before spreading out across the country.
“It's amazing to think that a single B.C. location that started in 1967 has grown to over 1,400 restaurants across Canada,” said McDonald's Canada CEO John Betts. “We're excited about our future and continuing to share special moments, like today, with Canadians from coast to coast.”
Customers can snag up to three 67-cent hamburgers at all participating McDonald's locations Wednesday from 11 a.m.-7 p.m.
PARIS, April 12 France could face a tight gas supply in the 2017/18 winter period because suppliers do not have enough reserve storage capacity as required by law to meet demand if there is a prolonged cold snap, said major gas storage company Storengy.
Storengy, a subsidiary of French energy group Engie which develops and operates gas storage facilities, said that less that 50 percent of its storage facility had been reserved for the coming winter.
"To date, only 42.7 terrawatt-hours (TWh) of storage capacity has been sold for the 2017/2018 winter season, thus French storage capacity is less than 50 percent full," Storengy chief executive Cecile Previeu told journalists in Paris.
"The low level of reservations, if it were to remain, would not be enough to meet demand during a cold snap in winter," she said. "If by summer we don't have more storage reservations, we will not have enough reserves for winter," added Previeu.
France had to depend heavily on those storages in the past 2016/17 winter to keep heating and power generation going.
The situation was particularly acute in southern France, where the gas hub contract hit a record high in January as supply tightened after a force majeure disruption in Algeria and tensions in the global gas market.
Previeu said that if something similar happened with the current storage levels, France could face power outages.
In order to guarantee a security of supply during cold winter months, French gas suppliers are obliged by law to import and store gas to meet demand.
They must also reserve storage, and start injecting gas into storages months in advance as the overall process is slow.
In the past, suppliers could make their margins by buying cheaper gas during the summer months, pay and store it and then sell it on during winter when prices are higher, she said.
But gas prices have fallen and the spread between winter and summer prices have narrowed. A planned reform of the French gas storage sector collapsed last year, leaving suppliers with little incentive to continue to pay for storage.
Previeu said the French government must compel suppliers to respect their obligations to reserve storage, while attempts to revive the reforms continue.
Storengy, which operates 21 storage sites in Europe including 14 in France, recorded 2016 revenues of 1 billion euros. It specialises in underground natural gas storages using salt or rock caverns and depleted oil and gas fields.
($1 = 0.9434 euros) (Reporting by Bate Felix; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
Jessa Duggar Seewald and husband Ben show off their second son, Henry, just days after his birth and talk about their plan for more children. Subscribe now for this Duggar exclusive – only in PEOPLE!
Although the Seewalds are still learning to juggle parenting their newborn son and 15-month-old toddler, their hearts are wide open to welcoming more children in the future.
“I take one. He takes the other,” Jessa (Duggar) Seewald, 24, says in this week's issue of PEOPLE of her co-parenting strategy with husband Ben Seewald.
“Right now we have two kids and there's two of us, so it's man-to-man coverage,” adds Ben. “When we have more, we'll have to switch it up to a zone defense!”
Just over a week ago, the couple exclusively told PEOPLE that they welcomed their second son — Henry Wilberforce — on Feb. 6, revealing that he was born at 4:26 a.m., weighing 8 lbs. and 11 oz. and measuring 21¾ in. long.
While the couple, who wed on Nov. 1, 2014, may be busy at home with their two little boys — Spurgeon Elliot, 1, and 1-week-old Henry Wilberforce — they are excited about the possibility of growing their brood.
“It will be a little while since we just had a baby, but adopting and fostering to adopt is very much in our hearts,” Jessa says.
For much more about the Seewalds' new world as a family of four, pick up this week's issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands Friday
Though the Counting On star — the fourth of 19 children born to Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar — is excited about the possibility of more little footsteps in her Arkansas home, there's one thing she and her husband need more of before their family grows — square footage!
“We just need a little more space,” Jessa says with a laugh. “We're always checking the market!”
With plans to expand her own family, Jessa — who comes from a megafamily herself — credits her mother, Michelle, for teaching her an invaluable lesson that she now implements into her home: the power love.
“My mom always says, ‘Love doesn't divide, it multiplies,' ” Jessa tells PEOPLE. “It's so true.”
Counting On airs Mondays (9 p.m. ET) on TLC.
—With NATALIE STONE
The Express and The Ridings Shopping Centre are teaming up to shine a light on two local heroes this Christmas.
We are searching for two ‘angels' who will be stars of the show at The Ridings Christmas lights switch on next month.
One deserving child and adult will be guests of honour at the ceremony, officially turning on this year's light display. And we want to hear about community heroes who deserve that special treat this festive season.
The Ridings Centre Director Lee Appleton said: “This year we want our Christmas switch on to be all about the people of Wakefield and we want to reward and recognise local heroes, whose work in the local community may go unnoticed.
“We've got a great line-up too and the day is set to be a fun-filled family event”.
Those who want to nominate a hero are asked to send as much information as possible about why that person deserves recognition.
The short-list will then be reviewed and two winners will be crowned.
They will be named ‘Wakefield Angels', as the shopping centre recently became home to the UK's first ever Global Angel Wings street art, by Colette Miller.
The giant wings are painted on the wall of the centre's Cathedral entrance, and people can have their photo taken with them, posing as angels.
Our winning community heroes will join Heart Yorkshire breakfast hosts Dixie and Emma on stage for the switch on, on Saturday, November 18.
They will each receive a Christmas hamper and The Ridings will also make a £100 donation to two of their chosen local charities.
Members of Wakefield Trinity rugby team, Britain's Got Talent 2013 impressionist Francine Lewis, and local performers will also take to the stage at the event.
To nominate a community hero, email info@ridingscentre.com or deliver a written submission to The Ridings Customer Service team with your full contact details. The deadline for entries is Monday, November 6 at 10am. The shortlist and winners will then be published in The Express and on The Ridings website.
Imprisoned journalists claim to have been tortured in Turkey
Thirteen inmates including journalists Erdoğan Alayumat and Serkan Erdoğan from the Dicle news agency (Dihaber) and Özgürlükçü Demokrasi daily, respectively, both of which were shut down by a government decree, were allegedly tortured on Oct. 2 by some 20-30 guards at Tarsus T-2 Prison in southern Turkey, the Cumhuriyet daily reported on Thursday.
Tugay Bek, the lawyer for complainants Alayumat, Erdoğan, Mübarek Aksu and Hayrullah Turan, was reported to have said that the guards who tortured the journalists also ridiculed Alayumat by telling him “Hey journalist, go report these tortures, too.”
Human rights group Amnesty International reported on July 24, 2016 that it had received credible evidence of detainees in Turkey being subjected to beatings and torture, including rape, since a failed coup on July 15, 2016.
Turkey's Human Rights Association (İHD) said in a report on Oct. 21, 2016 that there were nearly 220,000 people in Turkey's prisons, which was more than 20 percent above the 183,000-person capacity.
According to the İHD report, Turkish prisons rapidly became overwhelmed by detentions and arrests that followed the failed coup in Turkey last July.
Turkey is the biggest jailer of journalists in the world. The most recent figures documented by the SCF has showed that 280 journalists and media workers are now in jails as of September 30, 2017, most in pre-trial detention languishing in notorious Turkish prisons without even a conviction. Of those in Turkish prisons, 255 are arrested pending trial, only 25 journalists remain convicted and serving time in Turkish prisons. An outstanding detention warrants remain for 134 journalists who live in exile or remain at large in Turkey.
Detaining tens of thousands of people over alleged links to the movement, the government also closed down more than 180 media outlets after the controversial coup attempt. (SCF with turkishminute.com)
Related
A second day of snowfall closed schools and disrupted travel across parts of Britain and the Netherlands.
Freezing weather and further snow was predicted for later in the day on Monday.
About a quarter of flights at Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow were cancelled, a spokeswoman for the airport said, adding that Sunday's disruption had caused a knock-on effect, leaving planes and crews in the wrong places.
Hundreds of flights at Amsterdam's Schiphol airport were delayed, while the regional airport of Eindhoven shut completely, cancelling all flights.
Heavy snowfall in the Netherlands led to the closure of schools and businesses and prompted authorities to advise people to stay home. Rail and road networks were hit by icy weather, with some areas expected to get up to 30cm of snowfall within 24 hours.
Winter enthusiasts took advantage of the rare thick snow, with some out on skis, while schoolchildren enjoyed an unexpected day off.
The national Dutch weather institute KNMI issued its highest alert, warning of "extremely dangerous" conditions across the country.
The national railroad operator and government advised people not to take the train or drive if they could avoid it, with up to 15 cm of snowfall expected on Monday afternoon.
Travel was substantially disrupted for a second day across much of Britain, as wintry showers continued following heavy snow on Sunday.
Train services across Wales, central and northern England as well as commuter services into London were severely disrupted. Drivers were warned of treacherous driving conditions with motoring organisation the RAC saying that they were expecting to handle 11,000 breakdowns by the end of the day.
All schools in England's second-biggest city Birmingham were closed, while many others were also forced to shut across England and Wales.
When you think of a psychedelic rock band, you don't tend to think about uncluttering the gutter spouts or other mundane tasks , but Greenfield-based alternative psych-folk band, The frost heaves and hales, does just that — marrying everyday tasks with a dash of magic realism.
The band's newest six-song extended play (EP), Uncluttering the Gutter Spouts, released on May 12 brings together an eclectic mix of genres from a classic rock ballad to a country heartbreak tune, but dials up the weirdo psych-folk influences, allowing otherwise straight ahead rock songs room to breathe.
Uncluttering the gutter spouts by The frost heaves and hales.
The introductory track on the record is “By the Light,” a rock ballad built for sing-a-longs that combines otherwise mundane tasks with romantic nostalgia. “By the light of the ATM booth, I look at my wallet picture of you/ Remember the day I took it/ We stayed in bed until late afternoon,” lead vocalist Daniel Hales sings with a breathy calmness that evokes bittersweet emotions.
“The Mountains Grow Unnoticed” is an alternative rock adaptation of an Emily Dickinson poem with high falsetto vocals, the chirp of crickets, and a foreboding sense of decay. Although only a minute long, this song manages to capture a sense of place — one can imagine a full moon rising over a silhouetted peak. This song is reminiscent of former Pink Floyd frontman Syd Barrett's adaptation of a James Joyce poem, “Golden Hair,” from Barrett's first solo record, The Madcap Laughs.
“Future Artifact” is arguably one of the weaker tracks on this record with a lackluster post punk melody that's partially saved by bizarre lyrics like “plastic replicas of Kerouac's nut sack,” angular guitar riffs, and a theme of entropy and aging. This song is pretty much dad rock through and through, which isn't bad, but isn't always the cup of tea you're looking for.
A short and sweet song called “All My Umbrellas” is encased in a thin layer of twee pop that's quaint and endearing. A song all about lost umbrellas is a brillant metaphor for unrequited or failed love. There's a bit of magic realism to the imagery of umbrellas flying off to find new homes that's absurdly hilarious while still being heartfelt. “Someday I'll release all my umbrellas/ Watch them all fly on back to their homes/ I'll wave as they go/ And try to keep my eyes dry/ The next time it rains I'll get soaked to the bone.”
“The Cactus in a Fishbowl Blues” is an Americana styled acoustic country song that eschews the typical tears in your beer heartbreak. Instead, listeners are treated with surrealistic metaphors for ragged and love worn emotions. Lines like “tears are grains of sand turning my eyes into dunes” and “Wash it down with Elmer's glue/ Now my lips are sealed like an old chimney flue.” are a little grotesque, but are better country one liner compared to most songs you'd hear on mainstream radio.
The final track on the album is “Uncluttering” a psychedelic ode to mundane yardwork that's more about one's psyche than it is about wedding out flower beds. It's repetitive vocal melody is infectious and one can imagine this as a mantra for whenever there's a mental roadblock or a divergent path in life.
On the whole, Uncluttering the Gutter Spouts has a lot of gems, but feels like it should be part of a longer piece of work. I would have liked to see The Frost Heaves and Hales create a more complete picture with variations on the themes presented on the record. However, I can't deny that this EP serves as a minute snapshot of a band that's artistically explorative musically and lyrically.
Chris Goudreau can be reached at cgoudreau@valleyadvocate.com. Send your CDs, cassettes, or vinyl to Chris Goudreau at the Valley Advocate, 115 Conz St., Northampton, MA, 01060.
Related Posts
Canadian police on Monday steered clear of suggesting that 25-year-old Alek Minassian, believed to have driven a van into a group of pedestrians, killing 10, is Muslim, or the attack part of a terrorist plot. But that didn't stop media networks from reporting on his religion and calling for controls on immigrants into the US and Canada.
​Speaking to Radio Sputnik's Loud & Clear, Chris Black, an international criminal lawyer who is on the List of Counsel before the International Criminal Court, suggested that such quick branding follows a "very dangerous path."
"It's an interesting phenomenon taking place, where the role that the Jews played in Nazi Germany is now being played by Muslims and Russians… anything that happens is going to be blamed… on Muslims or Russia," Black told show hosts Brian Becker and John Kiriakou. "The same sort of racism and xenophobia is developing, which is very dangerous path… there's no evidence whatsoever that [Minassian] is a Muslim in any case."
"Last night on most of the news networks [they were saying] that it may be a possible terrorist attack, but now they're downplaying that, but still ramping up the fear factor that these things can happen using trucks and vehicles," he added.
Comparing the US intelligence community's power to surveill residents, Black told Becker that Canada's laws aren't as severe as those of its southern neighbor.
"Not quite severe as [the Patriot Act], but they did pass after 9/11 similar legislation giving security agencies increased power," he said, adding that those new powers included that ability to "arrest and have secret trials… detain people without charge just based on suspicion that they may be engaged in so-called ‘terrorist activity.'"
"An increasing number of people get visits from the security or intelligence services… I got one two years ago… they wanted to warn me about things and suggested I'd be safer if I kept a low profile… I can't say it's as bad as it is in the United States," he continued.
"But it is increasing and there is propaganda here against Russia and Muslims. I've never seen such intense propaganda. The G7 was happening… and they're putting out sorts of communiqués suggesting new sanctions against Russia, increased securities… and this incident in Toronto gives them an opportunity to raise people's fear again about terrorism, generally and security, generally."
For Black, reports about the Toronto attack in addition to the alleged chemical attacks in Britain last month and Syria earlier this month could throw fuel on the fire of a possible third world war.
"The danger of a world war is increasing more and more as this develops because you have the whole Skripal incident, the Douma attack in Syria… they just keep pumping out story after story to make people angry and fearful and wanting to take revenge on somebody for something somewhere," he stressed. "And why? Because I think they want people to, sort of, support a big war."
"There's gotta be a motivation for all these stories to be pumped out so quickly — they want to do something big," Black concluded.
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
[India], July 4 (ANI): Chief Election Commissioner OP Rawat on Wednesday said the Election Commission (EC) will continue to conduct elections under the provisions of Constitution of India and Representation of People Act.
"Commission is bound to deliver elections under the provisions of Constitution and Representation of People Act. We will continue delivering elections as per the current system," Rawat said when asked about the idea of 'one nation-one election'.
The Law Commission is expected to hold consultations with all major political parties on July 7 and 8 over the feasibility of conducting both Lok Sabha and state assembly elections simultaneously.
Talks of the feasibility of conducting simultaneous polls have been in discussion for months. In April, the Law Commission had stated that simultaneous elections to the Lok Sabha and State Assemblies could be held in two phases from 2019, provided that at least two provisions of the Constitution are amended and ratified by a majority of the states. Union Minister Arun Jaitley also reiterated the need for conducting simultaneous elections in the country, adding that this would prove beneficial for India. "From both a governance and expenditure point of view, to have two to three elections every year is a serious challenge. If elections are held every five years, India will see comfortable governance at the Centre and state, and better policy formulation, besides lesser expenditure," Jaitley said. (ANI)
REVELATIONS that Zimbabwe's ability to attract investment has further declined, according to the latest World Economic Forum's 2017-2018 Global Competitive Index (GCI), which ranked the southern African country 124th out of 137, is testament to government's failure to put in place consistent policies that fuel economic growth and attract capital.
By Kudzai Kuwaza
Though Zimbabwe's ranking is lower than the 126th of last year, economist Roberto Crotti of the Geneva-based WEF Competitiveness Research, said that should not be mistaken for progress, considering its score of 3,3 out of 7.
“Although the rank has gone up two places, the performance, if you look at the score, the country's performance is likely worse than last year actually. The rank looks at the relative position and the score looks at the performance over time,” Crotti explained.
Crotti said Zimbabwe's business environment has proved challenging to operate in for local, as well as foreign businesses, due to the country's monetary and fiscal standing which have affected overall macro-economic performance.
“For example, the budget deficit is now at 10% and the government debt is 75%, which are affecting substantially the conditions for businesses to operate in Zimbabwe right now,” he said.
The GCI ranking is determined by the performance of 12 pillars or drivers of competitiveness, that collectively define a country's rating. The 12 pillars are: institutions, infrastructure, macro-economic environment, health and primary education, higher education and training, goods market efficiency, labour market efficiency, financial market development, technological readiness, market size, business sophistication and innovation.
Crotti said in almost every pillar, Zimbabwe is not doing well.
Crotti's remarks reflect the situation on the ground where toxic policies and policy inconsistency have choked the country's ability to attract much-needed investment.
Last month Tanzania's Bakhresa Group, which took over miller Blue Ribbons Foods, said it has frozen a proposed US$20 million injection of capital into the company to expand operations due to the opaqueness surrounding the indigenisation law.
The indigenisation policy, which mandates foreign-owned businesses to cede 51% shares to locals and was signed into law by President Robert Mugabe in 2008, has been enmeshed in confusion. This is evidenced by the fact that the law is mired in uncertainty, nine years after it was enacted.
In April last year, Mugabe was forced to clarify the indigenisation law after a conflict between Finance minister Patrick Chinamasa and Indigenisation minister Patrick Zhuwao over the implementation of the policy.
However, despite Mugabe's clarification, the law is yet to be amended, more than a year later. Conflicts in government also resulted in Indian firm Essar's US$750 million investment in Ziscosteel collapsing
Despite the opening of the steel plant amid much pomp and fanfare, the project soon crumbled as a combined result of squabbling in the then inclusive government.
Economist Prosper Chitambara said the global competitiveness report, which ranks Zimbabwe lowly, reflects the continuous lack of confidence in the country.
“Confidence speaks to different things and without it we will not be able to unlock investment whether domestic or foreign investment. Lack of confidence in Zimbabwe also proves that the cost of doing business is high and this makes it hard to compete internationally,” said Chitambara.
“Investors want to ensure that they get their return therefore they will invest where costs are low. The levels of informalisation in the country also contribute to the country being uncompetitive because most economic activities are taking place in the informal sector and this affects capacity to contribute to the revenue base.”
Chitambara's observations on the low level of confidence are backed by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (Unctad) statistics on foreign direct investment levels in Zimbabwe.
According to Unctad, FDI inflows ebbed from US$545 million in 2014 to US$421 million in 2015 before further diminishing to just US$319 million last year. This is in stark contrast to the value of the projects approved by the Zimbabwe Investment Authority.
The authority's approved potential investment projects more than doubled to nearly US$1 billion this year from US$451 million last year. The majority of the projects have however not taken off amid concerns that investors are fretting over the country's hostile investment climate.
The damage inflicted by the lack of investment is reflected by the parlous state of the economy characterised by a debilitating liquidity crunch, an acute cash shortage that has resulted in long winding queues, company closures and massive hemorrhaging of jobs.
Chinamasa revealed in his 2015 budget statement that 4 610 companies shut down between 2011 and 2014 resulting in the loss of 55 543 jobs. Alarmed by the dearth of investment, government has embarked on Ease of Doing Business reforms in a bid to increase investment inflows to resuscitate the ailing economy. However, the benefits of the exercise are still to materialise.
Government is also in the process of setting up Special Economic Zones which will create investment hubs for various sectors of the economy. Efforts to breathe life into the comatose economy will not bear fruit unless there is policy consistency and an increase in production, according to economist Eddie Cross.
“Policy inconsistency remains a huge problem,” Cross said. “We also have to get our productivity levels up.”
FILE PHOTO - Niklas Zennstrom, founding partner and CEO at Atomic and co-founder and former CEO at Skype, speaks during the ''Slush'' event at Kaapelitehdas in Helsinki, November 13, 2013. REUTERS/Roni Rekomaa/Lehtikuva
STOCKHOLM Orbital Systems, which makes water-saving showers, said on Wednesday it had raised 15 million pounds from a group of investors including its board member Niklas Zennstrom, co-founder of Skype, to finance its expansion plans.
Founded five years ago by Chief Executive Mehrdad Mahdjoubi, who initially developed its water-recycling technique for NASA's Mars mission project, the company said its investors also included fashion retailer H&M's (HMb.ST) Chief Executive Karl-Johan Persson.
Sweden-based Orbital has so far raised a total of 25 million pounds from backers including former Tesla (TSLA.O) executive Peter Carlsson, also a board member.
It says its shower, which via a built-in purification system reuses the same batch of water over and over again, enables water savings of 90 percent compared with a conventional shower.
"For our next growth phase we'll focus on getting Orbital showers into every home that wants to save on ... water, energy and money," Mahdjoubi said in a statement.
(Reporting by Helena Soderpalm; Editing by Anna Ringstrom and David Holmes)
The measure, however, does not mandate the collection of service charge to 'avoid interference' with the management's right to exercise discretion in their operations
Published 8:00 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The Senate approved on 3rd and final reading the bill that seeks to require service charge collected in establishments to be given to all covered employees.
The Senate on Monday, December 11, passed Senate Bill 1299 sponsored by Senator Joel Villanueva.
"The enactment of this measure will be the perfect Christmas gift to our hotel and restaurant workers," said Villanueva, chairman of the Senate committee on labor.
"This proposed measure seeks to address the injustice brought upon our hardworking workers in the service industry who provide the actual service, but rarely get their proper share in collection," he added.
If passed into law, Villanueva said, restaurant and hotel workers, whether regular, contractual, or agency-hired, would be entitled to 100% service charge as long as they directly deliver the service to customers.
But Villanueva clarified that the bill does not require the collection of service charge from customers.
"The bill does not make the collection of service charge mandatory to avoid interference with the right of management to exercise discretion in the operation of their business," he said.
Under the existing law, restaurant and hotel workers are given only 85% of the service charge collected from customers, while management retains the remaining 15%. This distribution, Villanueva said, has not changed since the law was passed in 1975.
A counterpart measure in the House of Representatives is still pending at the committee level.
Villanueva cited data from the Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE) showing that from ‎‎2014 to 2017, around 621 establishments out of 212,641 inspected nationwide violated labor provisions on service charge. – Rappler.com
"We have to be better," said Rangers captain Connor Bunnaman. "It's a rivalry game when we come to Owen Sound. It's definitely a hard rink to come to. They always give us a run for our money."
The Attack has underachieved this season but is turning things around now that its top forwards are healthy. The club has won four straight — and seven of its past eight — and is moving up the standings in the OHL's western conference.
One thing is clear, Owen Sound loves playing the Rangers.
"It's a great rivalry," said Attack assistant coach Alan Letang, whose team is 17 points back of the Rangers in the Midwest division. "They're the team we're chasing. They get jacked up to play the best."
Owen Sound went up 3-1 after the first period Saturday and Kitchener just never recovered.
A two-goal second period had the Rangers down 4-3 but a stale third, in which the squad mustered just six shots, did little to improve its chances.
Logan Brown kept up his hot hand by scoring and adding an assist. The Ottawa Senators prospect has 12 points in four games since joining the Rangers in a trade with the Windsor Spitfires.
Adam Mascherin and Givani Smith also scored for Kitchener. Maxim Sushko potted a pair for the home side while Kevin Hancock, Jonah Gadjovich, Cade Robinson and Brett McKenzie also scored.
The Rangers have seen an uptick in victories as the season has progressed with 10 wins in the first quarter, 11 in the second and 13 in the third. The team is second in the western conference with a record of 34-15-2-0 as it stares down the final 17-game stretch of the season.
McKee sees lots of work ahead.
"I think there are some good areas of our game but there is certainly room for a lot of improvement," he said. "I'd like to get healthy and we're not getting enough secondary scoring right now."
The Rangers return to action Tuesday when they host the Niagara IceDogs at the Aud at 7 p.m.
jbrown@therecord.com, Twitter: @BrownRecord
KTOO Public Media brings you the 34th annual Only Fools Run at Midnight – Run for Public Radio
Get a team together now then come down June 23rd and join us!
Race starts at 11pm – Don't be the fool caught out after midnight!
New course
Cheer Garden (featuring beer and bubbly for 21+)
KXLL midway DJs
Midnight Awards Ceremony
Prizes throughout the night
The 5K race or 1M walk will start from the JACC this year. Pick up your swag bag and registration bib starting at 9pm, rock the costume contest with a new full-fledged runway show starting at 10pm, then do your pre-run routine and be ready for the race at 11pm on the dot. Further revamps include a fresh course,which runs along the new Seawalk waterfront, tunes provided by the KXLL DJ crew, and a post-run toast in our outdoor cheer garden. This is an all ages friendly event, and adults 21 and over will receive one post-run refresher Devil's Club Brewing Co. brew in the registration price – get your groups together now to train up for this exciting event.
Have fun, go run, support public radio.
The Oklahoma City Police Department has located an 11-year-old girl that was reported missing Monday.
According to the report, Kendall “Kendie” Brooks was last seen around 10:00 a.m. Monday, at her home in the Bridgepoint Apartments in Northwest Oklahoma City.
At 7:00 p.m., police said she was located with a family member.
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say he molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say he molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
(AP Photo/John Locher, file). FILE-In this Oct. 16, 2017, file photo,,photos and notes adorn a wall at the Las Vegas Community Healing Garden in Las Vegas. The garden was built as a memorial for the victims of the recent mass shooting in Las Vegas. Two...
(Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department via AP, File). FILE - This October, 2017 file photo released by the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Force Investigation Team Report shows the kitchenette in the hotel room of Las Vegas gunman Stephen P...
By JACQUES BILLEAUD
Associated Press
CHANDLER, Ariz. (AP) - An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman who carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was charged Friday with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets, according to court documents.
Unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where Stephen Paddock launched the Oct. 1 attack had the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig, according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Phoenix. It says Haig didn't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition.
Haig has acknowledged selling 720 rounds of tracer ammunition to Paddock in the weeks before the shooting that killed 58 people. Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
The criminal charge involves another type of ammunition - armor-piercing bullets.
The documents don't say if any ammunition tied to Paddock was used in the attack. Las Vegas police wouldn't say whether armor-piercing bullets were used in the shooting but referred to a preliminary report saying some rifle magazines were loaded with armor-piercing ammunition.
Haig, a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years, was charged 35 minutes before holding a news conference where he said he didn't notice anything suspicious when he sold the tracer rounds to Paddock.
Haig told investigators that when Paddock bought the ammunition at his home in suburban Phoenix, Paddock went to his car to get gloves and put them on before taking the box from Haig, the complaint said.
"I had no contribution to what Paddock did," Haig told reporters earlier Friday, adding that there was nothing unusual about the type or quantity of ammunition the shooter bought. "I had no way to see into his mind."
A phone message left for Haig's attorney, Marc Victor, wasn't immediately returned.
The two armor-piercing bullets found in Paddock's hotel room with Haig's fingerprints had an "incendiary capsule" on their noses, the documents said. A forensic analysis of those two bullets had tool marks consistent with the equipment in Haig's backyard workshop, according to the complaint.
It also alleges that FBI agents searching Haig's home on Oct. 19 found armor-piercing ammunition.
The complaint said Haig sold such bullets in more than 100 instances to customers across the United States, including Nevada, Texas, Virginia, Wyoming and South Carolina.
He appeared in court Friday and was released under the condition he not possesses guns or ammunition. If convicted, he could face up to five years in prison and a fine as high as $250,000.
Haig and his business partner, whose name wasn't provided, sold 40 to 50 rounds of incendiary rounds to Paddock in late August at a Las Vegas gun show, according to the complaint.
The next month, Haig said he met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show and that he was well-dressed and polite.
He didn't have the quantity of tracer ammunition on hand that Paddock was seeking, so Paddock contacted him several days later and lined up a sale at Haig's home.
Haig said he was shocked and sickened when a federal agent informed him of the massacre 11 hours after it unfolded.
Haig's lawyer said they held the news conference in a bid to protect his reputation after he was revealed earlier this week to be a "person of interest" in the investigation. Haig's identity emerged by mistake after his name was not redacted in court documents.
A law enforcement official previously told The Associated Press that investigators don't believe Haig had any involvement or knowledge of the planned attack when he sold ammunition to Paddock. The official wasn't authorized to discuss an ongoing investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Haig arose in the investigation when a box with his name and address was found in the Mandalay Bay hotel suite where Paddock opened fire on a music festival below.
He gave the box to Paddock to carry the 720 rounds of tracer ammunition from the sale.
Haig said Paddock told him that "he was going to go out to the desert to put on a light show, either with or for his friends. I can't remember whether he used the word 'with' or 'for.' But he said that he was going out at night to shoot it with friends."
Haig, who has closed his ammunition business, said he has received unwanted media attention and death threats since his name was released.
The FBI didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. The U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives referred questions to the U.S. attorney's office in Las Vegas, which declined to comment.
___
Associated Press writers Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles and Regina Garcia Cano in Las Vegas contributed to this report.
___
Follow Jacques Billeaud at www.twitter.com/jacquesbilleaud . His work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/jacques%20billeaud .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Maybe she's not a music lover? In a fit of rage at her soon-to-be-ex-husband, a woman allegedly smashed and otherwise decimated a collection of valuable violins and bows, including a 17th-century Amati. The rampage, which occurred more than three years ago, has recently resulted in the woman's arrest.
Adding a modern twist to the story, the owner of the violins posted a video of the aftermath.
Leave a Comment
The Great Barrier Reef will be hit with coral bleaching events every two years unless more is done to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
The latest report from the Climate Council has found coral bleaching events are increasingly common and will continue to be unless the effects of climate change can be slowed or reversed.
Spokesperson and ecologist Professor Lesley Hughes says severe bleaching like the 2016 event which killed off a third of the reef's coral has become more common already.
"In the 1980's, we would see a 27-year gap on average in between bleaching events around the world. Now, they're hitting every six years on average," she said
"The unprecedented mass coral bleaching of the Great Barrier Reef in 2016 was at least 175 times more likely to occur due to climate change."
The Climate Council said state and federal government efforts to improve water quality around the reef would not offset the damage being caused by extreme heatwaves.
They said only a reduction of greenhouse gas emissions could halt increasing temperatures, helping to stop the increasing cycle of bleaching events.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto seek to play down any tensions, focusing instead on fighting the 'devastating impact' of the international narcotics trade
Published 11:51 AM, February 03, 2018
MEXICO CITY, Mexico – Secretary of State Rex Tillerson insisted Friday, February 2, the US and Mexico are bolstering cooperation in the fight against drug trafficking, brushing aside concerns about the impact of his boss Donald Trump's anti-Mexican barbs.
The US-Mexican relationship has been strained by Trump's attacks on Mexican immigrants and the North American Free Trade Agreement – and his insistence on building a border wall.
Critics say he is jeopardizing the US relationship with an ally and neighbor whose cooperation Washington needs on a range of issues, including security.
But as Tillerson kicked off his first major tour of Latin America, he and his Mexican counterpart sought to play down any tensions, focusing instead on fighting what the former oilman turned secretary of state called the "devastating impact" of the international narcotics trade.
"We've created... a different approach as to how we cooperate to attack the entire supply chain of this devastating impact of drugs – cocaine, heroin, fentanyl, opioids," Tillerson said after meeting with Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray and Canada's Chrystia Freeland in Mexico City.
"This is having a horrible effect on American citizens, Mexican citizens, Canadian citizens."
In October, Trump declared the US opioid crisis a national public health emergency, after overdoses of drugs such as heroin and fentanyl killed more than 40,000 people in 2016.
Videgaray said all 3 countries had agreed to place "special emphasis" on fighting both the supply and demand side of the problem: the Mexican drug cartels fueling a wave of bloodshed in his country, and the US and Canadian consumption making it a multi-billion-dollar business.
"The paradigm has to be one of cooperation, not blaming each other," he said.
All good?
Tillerson later met with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, saying they both agreed the two countries' relationship remained strong.
"We have too many things of common interest that we need to be working on to allow anything to get in the way," Tillerson told US embassy staff after the meeting.
Mexico and Canada's top diplomats also played down tensions, despite Trump's tirades and a recent series of trade disputes between the Washington and Ottawa.
"In many ways the relationship today is more close, it's more fluid, than it was with the previous administration. That might be a surprise for many people, but it's a fact," Videgaray said.
Freeland said Trump and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau "really get along" and called Tillerson "an incredibly important voice in maintaining the rules-based international order."
But it was impossible to paper over tensions on certain issues.
Videgaray stayed mum as Tillerson sought to explain Trump's wall proposal and immigration crackdown as part of a shared security push.
Deporting those who lack immigration papers fits into Trump's law and order agenda, even if it is "painful" for some people, Tillerson said.
Videgaray said both that and the wall were internal decisions for the US government.
But he added that a mass exodus of "Dreamers" – who were illegally brought to the United States as children and are now at the center of a bitter political battle – would be "an enormous gain for Mexico and a loss for the United States."
Venezuela challenge
With a new round of talks on overhauling NAFTA scheduled for next month, Canada and Mexico hope the agreement can be salvaged.
Videgaray and Freeland both touted their vision for a "win-win-win" deal.
Tillerson acknowledged the huge role of North American trade in the US economy.
"I cannot emphasize enough the importance of our economic relationships," he said.
The 3 also found common ground on the Venezuela crisis, calling for President Nicolas Maduro's leftist government to restore constitutional rule.
"What we would like to see happen there is a peaceful transition," Tillerson said, denying accusations from Caracas of plotting a violent ouster.
He added that "if - if - President Maduro would return to the Venezuelan constitution, restore the duly elected assembly, dismantle the illegitimate constituent assembly and return to free, fair elections," he'd be welcome to "stay and run."
Tillerson flew out Friday evening for Argentina, and will then visit Peru, Colombia and Jamaica, pushing for stronger action on Venezuela and touting his vision of deeper cooperation. – Rappler.com
The Jan. 6 edition of Java Jazz will feature an interview with the renowned falsetto vocalist Phil Perry.
The program runs 6-9 a.m. and will spotlight Perry's work as a recording artist, writer, producer, musician and arranger.
Click here to listen live.
Now in his fifth decade in the music industry, Perry started his career with the East St. Louis soul group The Montclairs in 1969 when they recorded their first single which was only distributed around the St. Louis area.
The band's fortunes soon changed when they teamed with bandleader/producer Oliver Sain who recorded a number of singles with them before helping them sign with the Louisiana-based label, Paula where they recorded their only hit sides, including “Dreaming Out Of Season,” “Beggin' Is Hard To Do” and “Make Up For Lost Time.” Failing to break into the Top 20, the group only managed to release one LP, Dreaming Out Of Season in 1972.
The group broke up in 1975 and four years later, Perry headed to Los Angeles where he and Montclairs bandmate Kevin Sanlin signed with Capitol Records, working with producer Chuck Jackson as Perry & Sanlin.
Between 1980-81 the duo released two albums For Those Who Love and We're The Winners and a handful of singles, but found no chart success with the exception of their first single, “With You” which reached No. 81. They would work as producers and songwriters until Perry opted to go solo and in 1991 released his debut The Heart of the Man. He would record the bulk of his dozen-plus albums for Shanachie, including his most recent offering, A Better Man in 2015.
Influenced by such groups as The Fantastic Four and Tomorrow's Promise and writers/producers such as Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff, Perry has balanced his work as a solo artist and session vocalist, collaborating with the likes of Johnny Mathis, Freddie Hubbard, Quincy Jones, Patti LaBelle, George Duke,
Najee, Bill Withers, Barbara Streisand, June Pointer, Dave Koz, Bobby Womack, Chaka Khan, Fourplay, George Benson, Rod Stewart and Will Downing to name a few.
Perry's next album, Breathless is tabbed for release in February.
[India], Apr 24 (ANI): All the four Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM) terrorists were gunned down in an encounter with security forces in Lam village of Tral in Jammu and Kashmir's Pulwama district on Tuesday.
The identity of the terrorists is yet to be ascertained.
During the encounter, incriminating materials including arms and ammunition were recovered from the spot. The search in the area is going on.
Earlier in the day, Ajay Kumar, an Army personnel and Mohammad Latif, a police personnel lost their lives in the encounter.
Inspector General (Kashmir Range) Swayam Prakash Pani had said, "Presently, with whatever we have collected, it looks like a Jaish-e-Mohammed outfit. Search and other part of the operation is still going on. Once it is over, we will be able to say more about it." Earlier today, Awantipora police along with 42RR and 180 BN CRPF carried out searches in the Gatengo Lam forest area of Tral. After receiving credible inputs about the presence of terrorists in the area, searches were initiated and during searches, the holed up militants fired heavily upon the search party. Security forces in their guarded response fired back leading to an encounter. This encounter comes a day after Pakistan Army violated ceasefire along the Line of Control at Krishna Ghati sector in Poonch district. (ANI)
SCOTT McConnell will stay on as the Labor Member for Stuart, despite announcing he won't recontest his seat in the next election.
Mr McConnell told his colleagues he intended to quit politics in 2020 at caucus meeting on Thursday.
He told The Weekend Australian he was frustrated by the lack of progress on indigenous issues.
“I'm deeply committed to bettering outcomes for indigenous people, those people that I grew up with, that were aspiring to be stockmen or to own their own stations when I was young,” he said.
“I feel a debt to those people, and I'm not able to repay that debt in this role that I'm in now.
“I'm deeply upset about that, but I also have to be realistic … we are trying to solve tomorrow's problems with yesterday's ideas.”
Mr McConnell has been a headache for Labor since the party came to power in 2016.
In November, he quit his posts as assistant minister for remote housing delivery, arts trails and indigenous tourism participation on Thursday, complaining that the positions weren't adequately resourced and didn't serve an effective role in Government.
Previously, he criticised his party for focusing too much on Darwin and Palmerston at the expense of the bush.
His boss Chief Minister Michael Gunner said Mr McConnell would continue on in Labor.
“I thank Scott for his contribution to the Government's achievements and policy agenda,” Mr Gunner said in a statement.
“I respect his decision and I look forward to working with him for the remainder of the term.”
Opposition Leader Gary Higgins said Mr McConnell's impending departure revealed fractures within Labor.
“Local decision making is a throw away line without any real substance,” he said.
“The Labor Government is not listening to Aboriginal people.
“If the government was (listening) the school and evacuation centre would have been built at Daly River, the Port Keats Road would be finished and more police officers would be stationed in remote communities such as Scott McConnell's electorate.”
A British summer without strawberries would be unthinkable.
Strawberries have been sold at Wimbledon ever since the first tournament back in 1877, when just 200 spectators came to see the Championships.
Things have changed a little since then. This year, a whopping 34 tonnes of strawberries will be sold to tennis fans – over 160,000 portions – drenched in 10,000 litres of of dairy cream.
Interestingly, the price for a portion of a minimum of 10 strawberries and cream at Wimbledon has remained at £2.50 per serving since 2010. Not bad at all when you consider that all strawberries sold at the Championships are picked at 4am on the day that they're sold, and transported up from Kent.
Whether you're planning on buying tickets, or you'll be watching it at home, the on-the-go snack still springs to mind when it comes to Wimbledon. Here are five scrumptious strawberry recipes (courtesy of our friends over at Waitrose) to get you in the mood for Wimbledon.
Fresh strawberry & vanilla New York-style cheesecake
Serves 8-12
Ingredients
125g McVitie's Hobnobs biscuits or Waitrose Vanilla Viennese Swirls
125g Seriously Gingery All Butter Dark Chocolate & Ginger Biscuits
25g butter, melted
600g cream cheese
75g caster sugar
4 large free range eggs
3 tsp vanilla extract
300g fresh strawberries, hulled and quartered
1 tbsp icing sugar
Few sprigs fresh mint, finely chopped
170ml tub soured cream
Method
1. Preheat the oven to 160˚C, gas mark 2. Line the base of a 23cm springform loose-bottomed cake tin with parchment paper. Place the biscuits in a food processor and whizz until fine crumbs. Tip into a bowl, add the melted butter and mix well. Press the biscuits into the base of the tin and place in the fridge to chill.
2. Beat together the cream cheese and sugar with an electric hand whisk until smooth then carefully add the eggs one at a time, with the vanilla extract, until well mixed – be careful not to over whisk. Pour the mixture onto the chilled biscuit base and bake in the middle of the oven for 50 minutes until just set. Turn off the heat and leave the cake to cool in the oven with the door open.
3. Meanwhile, place the strawberries in a bowl with the icing sugar and mint and toss together well.
4. When the cheesecake is completely cooled, spoon the soured cream over the top and spread to give a thin layer then decorate with the fresh, minted strawberries.
Strawberry, lychee and passion fruit pavlova
Serves 10
Ingredients
4 egg whites
315g caster sugar
1 tsp white wine vinegar
1 tsp vanilla extract
1 tbsp cornflour
400g strawberries, hulled and quartered
8 lychees (peeled and stoned if fresh, or tinned), halved
2 passion fruit
1 tbsp light brown muscovado sugar
400ml whipping cream
Method
1. Preheat the oven to 180°C, gas mark 4. Beat the egg whites and caster sugar together with electric beaters on a high speed for 10–15 minutes, until thick and glossy. In a separate small bowl, stir the vinegar and vanilla into the cornfl our until smooth, then add to the meringue, beating for 1 more minute.
2. Line a large, flat baking tray with baking parchment, then dollop the pavlova mixture into the centre. Spread out evenly to form a 23cm circle, keeping it as round and even as possible.
3. Place the pavlova in the oven, then immediately reduce the temperature to 100°C, gas mark ¼, and bake for 1 hour. Turn the oven off and leave the pavlova inside to cool. Once completely cool, carefully transfer to a serving plate.
4. Put the strawberries, lychees and passion fruit pulp in a bowl with the muscovado sugar. Mix gently but thoroughly and leave for 5 minutes until the sugar has dissolved. Whip the cream to medium-soft peaks and spread evenly over the pavlova. Spoon over the fruit and serve at once.
Strawberry ripple shortbread slice
Makes 12 bars
PHILADELPHIA — B.J. Johnson scored 25 points and Amar Stukes added 20 and La Salle outlasted St. Joseph's for an 81-78 win on Saturday.
La Salle (10-13, 4-6 Atlantic 10) outscored the Hawks 13-7 in the last three minutes and Stukes put the Explorers up for good. Johnson and Pookie Powell made six free throws combined, and Taylor Funk and Shevar Newkirk each missed 3s for a chance to tie.
Right before halftime, following Pierfrancesco Oliva's 3, Johnson reeled off eight straight with a layup and two 3s in succession, Stukes added a layup and Powell made a pair of free throws and La Salle reduced its deficit to 41-38.
La Salle continued to chip away, tied it at 58 with Saul Phiri's two free throws and went up six with a pair of Jamir Moultrie 3s. Newkirk responded with back-to-back 3s to even it.
March 29 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Headlines
* Proposal to privatise Channel 4 dropped on.ft.com/2nydxlr
* HS2 under pressure to remove 170 mln pound contract from CH2M on.ft.com/2nyki6A
* Akzo Nobel investors back call for talks with PPG on.ft.com/2nylp6u
* May ready to compromise as Brexit letter heads for Brussels on.ft.com/2nyfhLv
Overview
- UK government dropped plans to privatise Channel 4 but is increasing pressure to move its operations in part or full from London. In the coming weeks, a government consultation will be published which will examine whether Channel 4 should relocate some or all of its staff.
- Britain's second high-speed rail link, HS2, is being pressured by engineering firm Mace to remove contractor CH2M, which won a 170 million pound contract last month to design the second phase of the 56 billion pound HS2. Mace, threatening legal action, said that HS2's new chief executive, Mark Thurston, was a former CH2M employee — as was his predecessor, Roy Hill, who filled the role on a temporary basis.
- In a survey by activist hedge fund Elliott Advisors, 25 percent of Akzo Nobel's shareholders want Akzo to engage with U.S. rival PPG in its 22.4 billion euro pursuit of the company. Akzo's board dismissed two offers in three weeks, citing factors such as potential job cuts, antitrust concerns and a poor cultural fit between the two businesses.
- British Prime Minister Theresa May signed the historic letter signalling Britain's exit from the EU on Tuesday evening. The official Article 50 exit process will begin on Wednesday when British ambassador to the EU, Tim Barrow, would present the letter of withdrawal to European Council President Donald Tusk.
(Compiled by Sangameswaran S in Bengaluru)
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - The United States and South Korea will resume joint military drills on April 1, North Korea has already been informed about these plans, the US Department of Defense said in a statement.
"Secretary of Defense James N. Mattis and the Republic of Korea Minister of National Defense Song Young-moo have agreed to resume the annual combined exercises including Foal Eagle and Key Resolve which were deconflicted with the schedule of the Olympic Games. The exercises are expected to resume April 1, 2018, at a scale similar to that of the previous years," the statement said on late Monday.
© AFP 2018/ Ed JONES Moscow Welcomes Possible Meeting Between US, North Korean Leaders - Lavrov
The US Department of Defense pointed out that the United Nations Command had already notified the Korean People's Army "on the schedule as well as the defensive nature of the annual exercises."
"In accordance with the previous practices, the Neutral Nations Supervisory Commission will observe the exercises to confirm their compliance with the armistice agreement," the statement added.
Earlier, a senior US administration official reported that the United States and its allies would continue conducting routine defensive exercises near the Korean peninsula after the 2018 Winter Olympics.
According to police, Robert Godwin was out on a walk collecting aluminum cans, something his family says he did often, when 37-year-old Steve Stevens exited his car and demanded Godwin say the name of Stevens' ex-girlfriend, Joy Lane. "She's the reason this is about to happen to you," Stevens said, before pulling a gun and firing a shot point-blank into Godwin's head.
In a video that was posted to Facebook on Sunday, the retired foundry worker is seen lying on the ground next to a puddle of blood. Though Stevens, a case manager at a behavioral health agency, has claimed to have killed more than a dozen people, police say so far Godwin is Stephens' only confirmed victim.
Standing at 6'1" and weighing about 244 pounds, Stephens is now wanted for aggravated murder, and police have warned people in New York, Michigan and Indiana to be on the lookout for someone matching his description. The FBI is assisting with the investigation as well.
Pennsylvania authorities told CNN early on Monday that a "ping" signal was issued for Stephens' phone in Eerie, about 100 miles from Cleveland, but police in that city say they are not aware of any such signal.
Initial reports stated that the shooting was filmed using the Facebook Live streaming application, but the platform clarified this was not the case, although Stephens did go live later that day.
In the subsequent video, Stephens claimed to have killed 13 people and said he was "working on" number 14.
In another Facebook post he mentioned his fraternity, Omega Psi Phi, a historically African-American organization, which has since released a statement conveying their condolences to Godwin's family.
"This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook," the social media giant said in a their statement. "We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety."
© Flickr/ Victor Gang Rape Live On Facebook Leads To Three Arrests In Sweden
One of the shooter's former college classmates, Dawn Arrington, told Cleveland.com that Stephens was a "funny guy, always laughing and joking," though he was "slightly awkward."
Stephens worked at Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency located near Cleveland, in Pepper Pike, Ohio. Facility spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer said in a statement, "We are hoping that the Cleveland police will be able to apprehend Mr. Stephens as soon as possible and before anyone else is injured."
The video's of Godwin's shooting was online for three hours before being taken down; it is still being shared by users on social media.
Police have offered a $50,000 reward for information leading to Stephens' capture.
The Russian Mission airstrip should be fully functional again by Tuesday afternoon.
Four children destroyed the lighting system by smashing more than 50 runway lights over the weekend.
No planes could land after dark, including medevacs.
No flights were canceled because of the damage, said Jim Duffy, who maintains the Russian Mission runway for the Alaska Department of Transportation.
If a medevac needed to fly in, he says that he would do what was done 30 years ago:
“Use a coffee can with a roll of toilet paper and diesel in it,” Duffy said. “It'll burn 45 minutes to an hour.”
Duffy called the vandalism, “nothing malicious. Just bored kids, little kids”
The children were about 6- to 9-years-old, Duffy said. He talked to most of the parents. At least one child is grounded.
Duffy calls replacing destroyed runway lights “routine.”
The runway apron is the only dry place in town this time of year.
After planes are done flying, kids go there to play baseball or capture-the-flag.
Some lights get smashed often, he said.
Duffy is used to changing about 25 lights a year.
But replacing more than twice that amount from a single spree, Duffy calls “really bad.”
The kids usually police themselves, he said. The cost to replace the lights is about $1,000.
The Russian Mission school is using the incident as a teachable moment.
The school counselor along with a couple high school students will talk with classrooms Tuesday about how smashing the lights affects the entire community.
India asks WhatsApp to prevent misuse after mob killings
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Mahesh Kumar A., AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Files - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, family member grieve by a portrait of Bala Krishna, a 33-year-old motorized rickshaw driver who was killed by a mob inflamed by social media in Jiyapalli village, outside his house at Korremula village, on the outskirts of Hyderabad, India. India's government has on Tuesday, July 3, asked WhatsApp to take immediate action to prevent the social media site from being misused to spread rumors and irresponsible statements like those blamed for recent deadly mob attacks. At least 20 people have been killed in mostly rural villages in many Indian states, victims who were innocent people accused in the viral messages of belonging to gangs trying to abduct children. less FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, family member grieve by a portrait of Bala Krishna, a 33-year-old motorized rickshaw driver who was killed by a mob inflamed by social media in Jiyapalli village, outside ... more Photo: Mahesh Kumar A., AP Image 2 of 3 Files - In this Monday, June 11, 2018 file photo, a protestor stands wearing a badge showing Nilotpal Das, right and Abhijit Nath, left, who were killed by mobs inflamed by social media, during a silent protest in Gauhati, India. India's government has on Tuesday, July 3, asked WhatsApp to take immediate action to prevent the social media site from being misused to spread rumors and irresponsible statements like those blamed for recent deadly mob attacks. At least 20 people have been killed in mostly rural villages in many Indian states, victims who were innocent people accused in the viral messages of belonging to gangs trying to abduct children. less FILE - In this Monday, June 11, 2018 file photo, a protestor stands wearing a badge showing Nilotpal Das, right and Abhijit Nath, left, who were killed by mobs inflamed by social media, during a silent protest ... more Photo: Anupam Nath, AP Image 3 of 3 India asks WhatsApp to prevent misuse after mob killings 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
NEW DELHI (AP) — India's government says it has asked WhatsApp to take "immediate action" to prevent the social media platform from being misused to spread rumors and irresponsible statements like those blamed for recent deadly mob attacks in the country.
At least 20 people have been killed in mostly rural villages in several Indian states in attacks by mobs that had been inflamed by social media. Victims were accused in the viral messages of belonging to gangs trying to abduct children. The brutal attacks, which began in early May, have also left dozens of people injured.
Although Indian authorities have clarified that there was no truth to the rumors and the targeted people were innocent, the deadly and brutal attacks, often captured on cellphones and shared on social media, have spread across the country.
India's ministry of electronics and information technology said in a statement late Tuesday that the lynchings were tied to "irresponsible and explosive messages" circulated on WhatsApp. It wasn't specific on the preventative measures it expected to be taken by WhatsApp, which is owned by Facebook.
"While the law and order machinery is taking steps to apprehend the culprits, the abuse of platforms like WhatsApp for repeated circulation of such provocative content are equally a matter of deep concern," the ministry said.
The ministry said WhatsApp "cannot evade accountability and responsibility."
"The government has also conveyed in no uncertain terms that WhatsApp must take immediate action to end this menace and ensure that their platform is not used for such malafide activities," the statement said. "Deep disapproval of such developments has been conveyed to the senior management of the WhatsApp and they have been advised that necessary remedial measures should be taken to prevent proliferation of these fake and at times motivated/sensational messages."
WhatsApp said in a blog post that it would institute awards for research on "spread of misinformation" on its platform.
"We will seriously consider proposals from any social science and technological perspective that propose projects that enrich our understanding of the problem of misinformation on WhatsApp," the post said.
The Indian Express, an English-language daily newspaper, quoted a WhatsApp spokesman as saying, "The situation is a public health problem which will require solutions from outside the company as well, including the government."
The official said that the "responsibility is beyond any one technology company" and "requires partners," according to the paper.
"I think it's up to the Indian government to decide what is the right mechanism to address the spate of killing that is occurring. It is going to have to be a collaboration," the official said.
A A
WASHINGTON — Russia has deployed a cruise missile in violation of a Cold War-era arms control treaty, a Trump administration official said Tuesday, a development that complicates the outlook for U.S.-Russia relations amid turmoil on the White House national security team.
The Obama administration three years ago accused the Russians of violating the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty by developing and testing the prohibited cruise missile, and officials had anticipated that Moscow eventually would deploy it. Russia denies that it has violated the INF treaty.
U.S. intelligence agencies have assessed that the missile became operational late last year, said an administration official, who wasn't authorized to publicly discuss the matter and demanded anonymity.
The deployment may not immediately change the security picture in Europe, but the alleged treaty violation may arise when Defense Secretary Jim Mattis attends his first NATO meeting in Brussels today. It also has stirred concern on Capitol Hill, where Sen. John McCain, the Senate Armed Services Committee chairman, called on the Trump administration to ensure U.S. nuclear forces in Europe are ready.
“Russia's deployment of nuclear-tipped ground-launched cruise missiles in violation of the INF treaty is a significant military threat to U.S. forces in Europe and our NATO allies,” McCain, R-Ariz., said in a statement Tuesday. He said Russian President Vladimir Putin was “testing” Trump.
Trump's White House is in a difficult moment, with no national security adviser following the forced resignation Monday night of Michael Flynn. He is accused of misleading Vice President Mike Pence about contacts with a Russian diplomat while President Barack Obama was still in office.
Meanwhile, a U.S. defense official said Tuesday that a Russian intelligence-collection ship has been operating off the U.S. east coast, in international waters. The official was not authorized to discuss an intelligence matter and so spoke on condition of anonymity. The ship had made a port call in Cuba prior to moving north, where it has been monitored off the coast of Delaware, the official said.
The New York Times, which was first to report the missile deployment, said the Russians have two battalions of the prohibited cruise missile. One is at a missile test site at Kapustin Yar and one was moved in December from the test site to an operational base elsewhere in the country.
The State Department wouldn't confirm the report. It noted that last year it reported Russia was in violation of its treaty obligations not to possess, produce or flight-test a ground-launched cruise missile with a range of between 500 and 5,500 kilometers, or to possess or produce launchers for such missiles.
“The administration is undertaking an extensive review of Russia's ongoing INF treaty violation in order to assess the potential security implications for the United States and its allies and partners,” State Department spokesman Mark Toner said.
THE most tragic fact of human existence is that while physical maturity for normal people develops naturally and automatically with the passage of time and normal consumption of food, mental maturity does not come so easily. A large number of grown-ups, who enjoy the priviledges of being an adult, are not mentally mature.
People management issues with Robert Mandeya
Like Harry A. Overstreet in “The Mature Mind” observes, “The most dangerous members of our society are those grown-ups whose powers of influence are adults but whose motives and responses are infantile.”
Capabilities, responsibilities
It thus goes without saying that, adults who are incapable of carrying out their duties and obligations with a proper sense of responsibility cannot only give themselves unnecessary trouble, but can also cause much distress to those whom they have influence over.
Unfortunately some of these adults are in leadership positions. At the heart of leadership is the ability to influence, motivate, and inspire others through direct or indirect ways to achieve organisational goals. This art of rallying everyone to the same destination requires the appropriate intellect and requisite maturity.
A mature person is one with a keen sense of responsibility.
It is no doubt that for one to develop his or her mentality and intellectual power necessary to lead others the person must at the outset find out as much as possible, what real maturity consists of. According to Aristotle, careful thinking and observation will enable one to see that a mature person is one with a keen sense of responsibility and a conscious awareness of what is proper.
Equipped with such consciousness, one would be able to manage his or her affairs in accordance with explicit and reasonable criteria, the foundation of which one has examined critically and analytically. A person upholds his or her convictions firmly because he or she is clear about why he or she upholds them.
Ability to judge
In the same vain, a mature leader is conscious of the value of suspended judgement in certain weighty matters. The leader does this because he or she is aware of the complexity of certain affairs and the consequences of making immature decisions.
A mature leader in this case knows that in such matters different reasonable people will inevitably come up with different opinions. Therefore, the competencies for leaders seeking to develop their teams include ensuring that the lines of communication stay open between themselves and their followers.
However while a mature leader respects other people's opinions, and he or she is co-operative, makes his or her own study of the problems in proper perspective by looking at them objectively from all angles. The Shona adage “Zano kupangwa pangwa uine rako” aptly captures this scenario. This can be loosely translated as; when getting ideas from friends or others you should study them carefully and ultimately come to your own conclusion.
Emotional Intelligence
But the way one makes assessments depends largely on one's knowledge. The mature leader will thus never develop the unhealthy conception that what he or she already knows is all that need to be known.
In dealing with any problem the leaders must first find out all they can to ensure that they are fair. The leader makes the best use of opportunities to achieve the best for such leadership traits that can never be successful without emotional intelligence.
Emotional intelligence is a very distinct trait of a mature leader. Once endowed with it, one will be sensitive and will always find a way to approach and provide direction to employees with different personality dynamics.
Objectivity and balance
In his general attitude, a mature leader is always sympathetic but never sentimental. Like scientists in their conduct of their professional duties,they see the difference between objective reality and what they and others desire, or hope to be the case. They know their weaknesses but they have a well considered scale of values.
Thus while mature leaders accept themselves as theirs, and others as they are, they persistently try to mould their character in the way they desire. They never tire of improving themselves. It is this trait above all else which gains the leader the respect of other mature people, and, what is important of all, his or her own respect.
Impact of one's background
It is no doubt true that the mental growth of a person depends to some extent on the way his parents guided him or her when he or she was a child and on the environmental conditions the person grew up in. However, mental development, unlike physical growth, need not stop with the end of puberty. A person is what he or she makes of himself. They can at any stage of his or her life, always develop further if he or she consciously makes the effort to do so.
There are quite a number of leadership trainings which can help a leader have some of the best leadership traits. For a person to reach any intended destination, it is always best for him or her to study an appropriate map of the region he or she intends to venture.
As Guatama Buddha puts it: “The mind is everything; what you think, you become.”
Mandeya is an Executive coach, Trainer in Human Capital development and Corporate education, a certified leadership and professional development practitioner and founder of the Leadership Institute for Research and Development (LiRD). — robert@lird.co.zw, info@lird.co.zw or +263 772 466 925.
[India], July 4 (ANI): Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Wednesday asked owners of instant messaging app WhatsApp to work closely with the IT Ministry and remain "accountable, responsible and vigilant" towards ensuring that nobody misuses their platform.
"India is emerging as a big digital power. Whatsapp has the biggest spread in India across the world just like Facebook and Twitter. While we completely welcome them in India's digital story and also making a commercial success of it, they must remain accountable, responsible and vigilant. It's their responsibility to ensure that nobody can misuse their platform," Prasad said here.
"We found that disinformation and provocative messages on WhatsApp played a major role in instigating violence. The use, misuse and abuse of the platform which leads to killing of innocent people is clearly not acceptable. WhatsApp had submitted the Ministry's queries to its California office. Today we got a response from them ensuring that new features like the administrator of group controlling the messages can be useful in controlling the spread of rumours," he added.
Earlier in the day, Facebook Inc in a letter to the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology said that putting a break to the spread of false messages through its platform is a challenge that requires a partnership between the company, government and society.
The company's reply came after the respective ministry on Tuesday issued a warning to WhatsApp in the wake of killings taking place across the country due to rumours that circulate via the platform.
"The abuse of platform like WhatsApp for repeated circulation of such provocative content" is of deep concern to the Government of India. The ministry has taken note of these incidents as well as the circulation of provocative rumours being spread on the platforms," an official note from the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology read.
The senior management of the WhatsApp has been informed of the incidents and ruckus created by such circulated messages and have been instructed to take remedial measures to immediately contain the proliferation of the fake messages, it added.
Last week, five people were lynched to death by villagers in Maharashtra's Dhule district after videos of child lifters were actively circulated on a WhatsApp group.
A similar incident was reported from Tripura, wherein one person was lynched while two others were injured after a mob suspected them to be child lifters. (ANI)
A state and local partnership for training doctors celebrated a milestone at the annual Tobacco Settlement Endowment Trust (TSET) legislative breakfast on Friday.
Representatives from the Oklahoma State University Center for Health Sciences, TSET and Comanche County Memorial Hospital gathered to announce that the family medicine residency training program and the emergency medicine residency training program at Memorial are fully funded, self-sustaining programs.
In 2015 the TSET Board of Directors approved a $3.8 million grant to the OSU Center for Health Sciences to fund start-up costs to support up to 118 accredited residency slots across the state. A portion of the funds provided by TSET were used by OSU to support the residency programs in family medicine and emergency medicine at Memorial until the programs were fully funded through Medicare.
The family medicine and emergency medicine residency training programs at Memorial are now self-funded through Medicare's Direct and Indirect Graduate Medical Education (IME and DME) payment system which compensates teaching hospitals for Medicare's share of the costs directly related to training residents, according to a TSET news release.
UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres told reporters Friday he is pleased that relations have improved between North and South Korea, but the key challenge continues to be achieving the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula.
Scroll for more content...
Guterres said he was encouraged by the re-establishment of a military hotline between the two nations but said it is "absolutely essential that serious discussions take place between key actors in the process" to rid the peninsula of nuclear weapons.
Guterres received a letter from the North Korean foreign minister this week asking for recognition of the "positive changes" between the two nations. The letter said the Winter Olympics in South Korea are a "dramatic turning point" for peace, stability and national reconciliation on the Korean peninsula where a "touch-and-go war danger" prevails.
The letter blasted the US for military exercises that North Korea says could be the primary reason reconciliation efforts would fail. It also said the US should not think that sanctions pressure caused the uptick in relations between the two Koreas.
Guterres flies to South Korea next week to attend the Olympics.
His comments came the same day President Donald Trump met in the White House with a group of North Korean defectors who described how they escaped the hermit kingdom. He heard from six defectors, including the author of the "The Girl with Seven Names," Hyeonseo Lee, who fled to China when she was 17. She told the President "escaping North Korea is not like escaping another country, it's like escaping another universe."
The President said the defectors' stories were "amazing" and "tough stuff". Trump added that other defectors did not want to appear in front of cameras and were in another room, scared for their lives. He blamed past administrations for not being tougher on North Korea and said "we'll get through the Olympics and maybe something good will come out of the Olympics."
The White House also said Friday that Trump spoke with Japan's prime minister by phone, thanking him for Japan's efforts to maintain international pressure on Pyongyang. The White House readout of the call said the President cited Japan's efforts to "clamp down" on North Korea's attempts to evade international sanctions in the waters around the Korean peninsula.
LOS ANGELES >> Whatever old school remedy or homeopathic medicine you're thinking of, the Dodgers have heard of it and Rich Hill has probably already tried it.
“We're getting a lot of things in our inbox, a lot of suggestions,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said with a smile Monday. “The training staff is on it. … They're trying everything.”
None of those treatments prevented a recurrence of Hill's blister problem Sunday or could keep the Dodgers from putting him on the disabled list for the second time in the season's first month. The Dodgers have no clear idea what to do for Hill or when he will pitch for them again.
“I think the first thing is obviously we put him on the disabled list and try to figure out how to reset. Ten days wasn't enough,” Roberts said. “I can't give you a day for his return. As we move forward, we'll see. It's just too much pressure on the bullpen, the starting staff to not really know what you're going to get (when Hill starts).”
Roberts said the fact that Hill had no signs of a blister at any point during spring training has left the Dodgers “baffled” at what caused it to flare up as soon as the season started. That makes it difficult to build a treatment plan around simply shutting Hill down for a certain length of time, Roberts said. Hill played catch Monday afternoon with a bandage on his middle finger and plans to throw again Tuesday without the bandage in order to keep his shoulder and arm strength built up.
“Put it this way – he shut down all winter and we didn't see this blister until his first start,” Roberts said. “You can argue that resting it isn't the solution because he had as much rest as he could and there wasn't a sign of this until he made his first start.
“Everything's on the table.”
That includes turning Hill (who signed a three-year, $48 million contract over the winter) into a very well-paid member of the Dodgers' bullpen, at least temporarily. Hill has volunteered to make that move if the Dodgers determine throwing fewer pitches per outing would prevent the blister from developing.
“I think No. 1, we want to give him ample opportunity to re-set it and to heal it,” Roberts said. “Rich, to his credit, is open to anything to help us. If it's to potentially put him in the 'pen to pitch for a couple innings to get him back out there … that might potentially keep that situation at bay. To his credit, he's open to it. But number one I think we're going to give him some time away and evaluate after that.”
Hill was shut down for a month when he ripped open the tip of his finger last July while trying to pitch through a blister issue with Oakland. This year's blister has not reached that point, but he compares the situation to driving with a nail in a tire – you can do it for awhile but it's not a good idea and will probably end badly.
Advertisement
The Dodgers aren't really sure what to do now to avoid a blowout later. But suggestions like changing his curveball grip to create less friction on his middle finger or throwing his curveball less often do not seem like good ideas to Roberts.
“It's such a weapon for him with his grip and his feel for the baseball,” Roberts said. “The thing is all throughout spring training, even the Anaheim exhibition game there was no problem and the curveball usage was 50 percent like it always is. So he did nothing before that first start of the season and it showed its ugly face again. I don't see him changing his pitch sequence, his grip.
“I do see a rehab in Rich's future to kind of get through it. To give him confidence, to give us confidence. Outside of that, we've just got to take it a few days at a time and see what happens.”
Left-hander Alex Wood will take Hill's spot in the rotation for now and start Friday in Arizona. Right-hander Kenta Maeda will move back a day and start on Saturday.
That would put left-hander Julio Urias and Wood on the same schedule if the Dodgers are ready to take the wraps off Urias. The 20-year-old has made two starts for the OKC Dodgers, going 3-2/3 innings then 4-2/3 innings and throwing 79 and 73 pitches respectively. He is scheduled to make his third start Friday.
Also
Rob Segedin got the call from Triple-A Oklahoma City to take Hill's spot on the roster and started at first base against Diamondbacks left-hander Robbie Ray. It was the third time in the past 10 games Roberts has sat Adrian Gonzalez against a left-handed starter. ...
Logan Forsythe returned to the starting lineup Monday after missing one game with discomfort in his hamstring. ...
Outfielder Franklin Gutierrez went through a pregame workout Monday and Roberts said he will move to Camelback Ranch this week to face live pitching. Gutierrez is on the 10-day DL with a hamstring injury but is eligible to be activated Friday when the Dodgers open a series in Arizona against the Diamondbacks.
The operator of an Enderby kennel has pleaded guilty to an animal cruelty charge.
The operator of an Enderby kennel has pleaded guilty to an animal cruelty charge.
Shalah Dawn Nelson, born in 1978, pleaded guilty under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act in Salmon Arm Provincial Court Monday to one count of causing an animal to continue to be in distress in connection with an incident involving a neighbour's dog at her Enderby property in December 2016.
Two Criminal Code of Canada charges of killing or injuring an animal and causing unnecessary pain/suffering to an animal against Nelson were stayed by Crown counsel.
“Based on the information received from the defence, it was determined prosecution was not required to serve the best interest of the public,” said Crown lawyer Alex Janse on why the Criminal Code charges were stayed.
Janse said in December 2016, Nelson's neighbour's dog came onto Nelson's property and, to prevent the dog from mating with her dog or her client's dogs, Nelson tied an elastic hairband around the visiting dog's testicles.
The dog went back to its home where the owner found the hairband still tied to the dog. The animal was taken to a vet and required surgery. Police were called to investigate, and when they questioned Nelson, she admitted to tying the hairband around the dog's testicles.
Judge Dennis Morgan fined Nelson $1,000 and put her on 12-months probation, which includes not having any contact with the victim dog's owner. She was also ordered to pay the owner $850 restitution.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@vernonmorningstar.com.
@VernonNews
newstips@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – A date has been set for a meeting between the N59 Road Action Group in Connemara and the Minister for Transport and Tourism, Shane Ross.
The deputation will meet the Minister in Leinster House next Tuesday.
This is the highest profile meeting so far in regard to the controversy about the upgrading of the N. 59 road in Connemara.
The hold-up in the upgrade plans for the main arterial road through Connemara are now being brought to the table of the Minister for Transport and Tourism, Shane Ross.
The meeting, which has been arranged by Senator Pádraic Ó Céidigh, will see the Connemara deputation coming face to face with the man who has ultimate responsibility for the country's roads in Leinster House next Tuesday.
The deputation will be appraising Minister Ross of the importance of the N. 59 in the Connemara area and briefing him on the planning hold ups that have stopped the upgrade plan between Oughterard and Clifden for some years past.
They will be asking the Minister to use his offices in whatever way is feasible to help out in reaching a solution.
SEATTLE — The Coast Guard rescued two people and four dogs from a vessel that was sinking east of Point No Point in Puget Sound.
Officials received a call for help at about 8:30 p.m. Tuesday from the captain of a 26-foot (8 meter) pleasure craft. He said his vessel was taking on water.
The Dolphin aircrew arrived on scene at about 9 p.m., and a boat crew arrived soon after.
The crew of the Victoria Clipper, a catamaran-style passenger vessel was in the area and stood by in case the other passengers had to abandon ship.
A crewmember climbed aboard the distressed vessel, located a hole in the stern and plugged it before draining water from the vessel.
The boat crew towed the vessel to safety at Edmonds Marina.
BARCELONA (Reuters) - Cristiano Ronaldo scored a sensational goal and was then sent off for a combination of his provocative celebration and for diving as Real Madrid beat Barcelona 3-1 in an explosive Spanish Super Cup first leg on Sunday.
Gerard Pique scored an own goal early in the second half to give Real the lead in the annual curtain raiser between the Liga champions and the King's Cup holders although Lionel Messi looked to have saved his blushes by scoring a controversial penalty in the 77th minute after Luis Suarez was fouled.
Substitute Ronaldo rattled in a sensational strike from outside the area three minutes later to restore the Liga and European champions' advantage, earning a booking for removing his shirt and mimicking Messi's celebration at the Santiago Bernabeu in last April's Clasico.
Ronaldo was given a second yellow card moments later for diving to attempt to win a penalty and will miss Wednesday's second leg at the Bernabeu. After he was ordered off, the Portuguese pushed referee Ricardo De Burgos Bengoetxea in frustration.
Barça rallied late in search of an equaliser but Spanish forward Marco Asensio instead extended Madrid's advantage in the tie with a scorching strike from outside the area in the 90th minute to cap a thrilling second half.
Related Coverage Real to appeal Ronaldo card - Zidane
"These games are like this, you switch off for one second and relax and loads of things happen, but I'm very happy with the game," said Real captain Sergio Ramos.
"We're fighting for a trophy and this is an important step."
Barça midfielder Sergio Busquets said: "A 3-1 defeat at home is very difficult to take; the tie seems very tough for us now but we'll try and make a go of it, even though we've made it almost impossible for us.
Soccer Football - Barcelona v Real Madrid Spanish Super Cup First Leg - Barcelona, Spain - August 13, 2017 Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo is shown a red card by referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea after receiving a second yellow card for simulation Juan Medina
"Whoever scores first in these games has a huge advantage, and Madrid did very well on the counter-attack."
The highly entertaining second period was in stark contrast to a sleepy opening 45 minutes which lacked the atmosphere associated with football's biggest rivalry due to the game not selling out and with a large number of tourists present.
Barça failed to sparkle, with Gerard Deulofeu proving an unfit substitute for the departed Neymar, while Real looked lightweight up front without Ronaldo, who began on the bench, and lacking creativity in the absence of the suspended Luka Modric.
Slideshow (6 Images)
The game burst into life after the break, however.
Pique, who scored the winner in the pre-season Clasico in Miami and who has so often turned up the heat in the rivalry both on and off the pitch, inadvertently broke the deadlock by diverting Marcelo's cross into his own net.
Barça suddenly woke up and were denied an equaliser due to a brilliant double save by Real goalkeeper Keylor Navas.
The Costa Rican was left fuming moments later though when he was adjudged to have brought down Suarez, with the Uruguayan appearing to dive to win the penalty.
Messi levelled from the spot, scoring for the first time against Real at the Nou Camp since 2012, but he was soon upstaged at the other end by Ronaldo.
Asensio had the last word, however, the 21-year-old producing a stunning strike and putting Madrid well in charge in their pursuit of a first Super Cup since 2012.
The Russian Defense Ministry has published a jaw-dropping video of the state-of-the-art multirole Su-35S fighter jet on its YouTube channel.
The Su-35S's super-maneuverability is provided by a new engine with thrust vector control, which allows the aircraft to reach supersonic speeds without using afterburners.
Defined as a Generation 4++ fighter, the Su-35S is capable of flying at a speed of up to 2,400 kilometers per hour and ascending to a height of 20,000 meters.
The plane's maximum range stands at 3,600 kilometers, and with an additional fuel tank the figure can be increased by 900 kilometers. Notably, the Su-35S was developed with the help of high technology used in the creation of Russia's fifth generation aircraft, the T-50 PAK FA.
Last year, the German magazine Stern said that it is the Su-35S, not the fifth-generation US F-22 warplane, that can be considered the world's deadliest fighter jet.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
A PROTECTIVE services officer has been charged in relation to an investigation into alleged child pornography offences.
The male Victoria Police PSO, from the Transit Safety Division, was charged on summons with 10 counts of possess child pornography.
He is currently suspended with pay and will appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court on December 21.
cassandra.zervos@news.com.au
UK Stocks-Factors to watch on June 15
June 15 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 3 points lower on Thursday, according to financial bookmakers. * ACACIA MINING: Barrick Gold, which owns 63.9 percent of Acacia Mining PLC , said its chairman and Tanzania's president met on Wednesday and agreed to hold talks aimed at resolving an escalating dispute over an export ban which has hit Acacia. * BARCLAYS: Expectations have increased among current and former Barclays executives that the Serious Fraud Offi
The company logo of construction company Redrow is pictured on a flag at a new housing development near Manchester northern England, April 7, 2016. REUTERS/Phil Noble
LONDON British housebuilder Redrow (RDW.L) said on Tuesday it did not intend to make an offer for rival Bovis (BVS.L) just over two weeks after its approach was rejected as too low, leaving one potential bidder for the ailing firm.
Bovis, whose CEO quit in January following a profit warning resulting from a failure to build enough homes on time, has been the subject of takeover speculation since a major shareholder wrote to another builder in January suggesting a tie-up.
Earlier this month, Bovis rejected bids from both Redrow and Galliford Try (GFRD.L) but said it remained in talks with the latter, and also saw a viable future as a stand-alone firm.
On Tuesday, Redrow said it would not increase its bid for Bovis, withdrawing from the process.
"The Board of Redrow has determined that it is not in its shareholders' best interests to increase its proposal to Bovis above the level which was rejected by the Board of Bovis," the firm said in a statement.
A tie-up between Bovis and Galliford Try would create Britain's fifth largest housebuilder by volume, although the firms would likely seek to cut costs in what would be the first major consolidation in the sector for nearly a decade.
Galliford's proposal valued the entire issued equity of Bovis at 1.19 billion pounds ($1.45 billion), or 886 pence per share.
It also envisaged an equity split in the combined group of 52.25 percent for Galliford shareholders and 47.75 percent for Bovis shareholders.
(Reporting by Costas Pitas; Editing by Kate Holton and Mark Potter)
Yankees 8, Braves 5
Atlanta New York ab r h bi ab r h bi Incarte cf 4 1 2 2 Gardner lf 4 1 1 0 Albies 2b 5 1 2 1 Judge dh 4 2 2 0 F.Frman 1b 5 1 1 0 Stanton rf 5 2 2 2 Mrkakis rf 4 1 2 2 A.Hicks cf 3 2 1 2 Suzuki dh 5 0 1 0 Grgrius ss 4 0 0 0 Acuna lf 4 0 1 0 Andujar 3b 3 0 1 0 Flowers c 4 0 0 0 Drury 1b 3 0 0 1 Camargo 3b 3 1 1 0 G.Trres 2b 0 0 0 0 Swanson ss 4 0 1 0 Hgshoka c 3 1 1 2 N.Wlker 2b-1b 3 0 0 0 Totals 38 5 11 5 Totals 32 8 8 7
Atlanta 000 030 200—5 New York 212 100 02x—8
LOB_Atlanta 9, New York 8. 2B_Gardner (12), Andujar (24). HR_Inciarte (6), Albies (18), Markakis (10), Stanton (20), A.Hicks (15), Higashioka (2). SB_Inciarte (22), Judge 2 (6).
IP H R ER BB SO Atlanta Newcomb L,8-3 2 2-3 3 5 5 5 2 Jackson 3 4 1 1 1 5 Phillips 2 1-3 1 2 2 2 1 New York German 4 1-3 6 3 3 3 6 Cole W,3-1 1 2-3 1 0 0 0 4 Warren H,2 1 1-3 4 2 2 0 1 Shreve H,3 2-3 0 0 0 0 1 Chapman S,24-25 1 0 0 0 0 2
WP_Jackson 2.
Umpires_Home, Roberto Ortiz; First, Chad Fairchild; Second, Alfonso Marquez; Third, Mike Estabrook.
T_3:46. A_45,448 (47,309).
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ambac Financial Group Inc:
* AMBAC FINANCIAL GROUP INC - PRELIMINARY Q4 TOTAL REVENUES BETWEEN $170 MILLION - $199 MILLION
* AMBAC FINANCIAL GROUP INC - PREMIUM EARNINGS ARE EXPECTED TO DECREASE IN Q4 2017‍​
* AMBAC FINANCIAL GROUP - FOR Q4, EXPECT TO REPORT NET INCOME IN THE RANGE OF LOSS OF $57 MILLION TO PROFIT OF $12 MILLION Source text (bit.ly/2nyOFJN) Further company coverage:
By: The Associated Press
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — The Rhode Island State Police is advising people who buy Christmas trees to make sure they are properly secured for the ride home to avoid damage, injuries and traffic fines.
State Police Colonel Ann Assumpico says motorists should use “extreme caution” and drive slowly when transporting Christmas trees.
She says motorists can be fined up to $100 if their tree is not secured properly and face additional fines if it obstructs their view.
She is asking motorists to follow tips from AAA and the National Christmas Tree Growers Association.
They say a Christmas tree should be transported in a larger vehicle, ideally. It should be wrapped in netting or loose branches should be secured with rope or twine.
A tree on a car roof should be centered and secured, with the trunk forward.
©WLNE-TV /ABC6 2017
WASHINGTON The United States has carried out about 20 additional strikes in Yemen against al Qaeda militants since the middle of last week, a Pentagon spokesman said on Monday.
Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis told reporters that since Feb. 28, the United States has carried out more than 70 strikes against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) "militants, infrastructure, fighting positions and equipment."
(Reporting by Idrees Ali)
MOSCOW (Sputnik) Anastasia Dmitrieva - Riyadh's talks with Moscow on the purchase of S-400 air defense systems are advancing well, the deal is expected to be implemented after experts work out technical details, Saudi Ambassador to Russia Rayed Krimly told Sputnik in an interview.
"We signed the contract during the King's visit, what is now happening is the implementation requires technical details of technology transfers, other technical details between experts of both sides … Experts need to finish their discussions, we cannot put a date for the end of discussions, but it is proceeding in a very positive manner," the ambassador said, when asked for the latest update on the talks.
Krimly added that many delegations were discussing this issue.
READ MORE: Washington ‘Hopeful' to Resolve S-400 Row With Turkey Before Delivering F-35s
King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud visited Russia in October last year. During that visit Moscow and Riyadh reached an agreement on supply of Russia's S-400 air defense missile systems, according to the Russian Federal Service for Military-Technical Cooperation.
CEO of Russia's Rostec Corporation Sergey Chemezov said in December that talks were underway, but no contracts had been signed yet.
READ MORE: Putin Slams US Over Pushing Turkey into Abandoning S-400 Deal With Russia
© AFP 2018 / LAURA bUCKMAN Despite US Threat Over S-400 Deal, First F-35s Due to Arrive in Turkey in June
Saudi Arabia first indicated an interest in Russian S-400 Triumf systems at the Dubai Airshow-2015, according to the head of Russia's Rostec corporation, Sergei Chemezov. The sides have held talks on supplying the systems to Riyadh.
The S-400 Triumph is a mobile surface-to-air missile system, which integrates a multifunctional radar, autonomous detection and targeting systems, anti-aircraft missile systems, launchers, and a command and control center. It is capable of firing three types of missiles that can hit aerial targets at short-to-extremely long ranges.
The design and funding for a new Alaska ferry are ready to go, but the federal government is not.
The Juneau Empire reports Alaska Department of Transportation Commissioner Marc Luiken Friday warned members of the state Marine Transportation Advisory Board that an effort to build a new oceangoing ferry may run into trouble with the federal government.
Under federal law, “all steel or iron products that are permanently incorporated in a Federal-aid highway construction project” must be made in a “domestic manufacturing process.”
That law holds true even if no one in the United States builds a particular part.
The only way to get around the law is to request a waiver from the administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, and President Trump has yet to appoint one.
Scroll for more content...
House Republicans, with the approval of President Donald Trump, on Friday released a disputed GOP intelligence memo that alleges FBI abuses of its surveillance authority.
The highly controversial memo from the GOP and House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes alleges that then-Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe told the committee that no surveillance warrant would have been sought for a Trump campaign aide without a disputed opposition research dossier on Trump and Russia.
The memo is the most explicit Republican effort yet to discredit the FBI's investigation into Trump and Russia, alleging that the investigation was infused with an anti-Trump bias under the Obama administration and supported with political opposition research.
The public release of the classified document, through a never-before-used committee rule, threatens to further fracture the frayed relationship between the President and his Justice Department and intelligence community, both of which opposed the release of the document, which is based on classified intelligence. The FBI issued a rare public warning on Wednesday that the memo omits key information that could impact its veracity. The release also raises the question of whether Trump might seek to dismiss his deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein, who appointed special counsel Robert Mueller.
Trump signed off on releasing the memo before it was released, and the White House requested no redactions, spokesman Raj Shah said.
Speaking in the Oval Office Friday, Trump implied the memo revealed political bias at the FBI. He said he believed the purported bias was a "disgrace" and said certain people should be "ashamed of themselves."
Asked whether he retained confidence in Rosenstein or if he planned to fire him, Trump demurred.
"You figure that one out," Trump said.
Democrats have slammed the memo as an inaccurate and misleading portrait intended to undermine Mueller's probe. They disputed what the memo concluded about McCabe's testimony on the dossier as the basis for a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant.
California Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, told reporters Friday that the Republican memo "cherry picks" information from McCabe's testimony.
Schiff argued that memo does not represent what McCabe told the House Intelligence Committee, and he said McCabe told the panel the "genesis of the investigation" did not begin with the dossier.
The memo is focused on a warrant granted in October 2016 by the FISA court to monitor former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page, as well as the approval of three subsequent renewals.
Even if the dossier was used as part of the application, a FISA renewal indicates that a judge was convinced that the surveillance was yielding information about the target acting as an agent of a foreign power that merited continued monitoring.
FBI Director Christopher Wray addressed FBI employees in an internal video, according to two people who had viewed it, telling agency employees that it's been a tough time and unsettling, and the last few days have only made it worse.
"The American people read the newspapers and watch TV, but your work is all that matters. Actions speak louder than words," Wray said in the video, the sources said.
Questions about the memo
The memo tries to connect what Republicans believe was a flawed application to monitor Page to the overall counterintelligence investigation into potential collusion between Russians and the Republican campaign.
But the memo also undermines its own argument about the application being overly reliant on the dossier. It notes that the application also included information regarding Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos, suggesting there was intelligence beyond the dossier in the Page application.
Papadopoulos was already under investigation for contacts with a professor connected to the Russian government who had promised dirt on Hillary Clinton. That investigation was opened months before the Page application after the FBI received information from the Australian government, CNN has reported.
The memo states that the FBI counterintelligence investigation was "triggered" by Papadopoulos in July 2016, months before the Page FISA application was filed.
The memo also doesn't mention that the FBI had earlier opened an investigation into the Russian intelligence agencies' hack of the Democratic National Committee.
Former FBI Director James Comey, who was in charge during the 2016 campaign, downplayed the significance of the memo Friday.
"That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs," Comey tweeted.
Rep. Trey Gowdy, a South Carolina Republican who vetted the intelligence for the Intelligence Committee in place of Nunes, tweeted that the memo did not discredit Mueller's investigation.
"As I have said repeatedly, I also remain 100 percent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller. The contents of this memo do not - in any way - discredit his investigation," Gowdy tweeted. "While this memo raises serious concerns with the FISA process, I have been and remain confident in the overwhelming majority of the men and women serving at the FBI and DOJ."
Dossier allegations
The memo alleges that Christopher Steele, the ex-British intelligence agent who wrote the dossier, harbored anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations that were not included in the FISA application, and that senior DOJ officials knew about Steele's anti-Trump bias.
According to the memo, that Steele told then-Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr in September 2016 that he "was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being president."
The memo alleges that the FISA application cited a September 2016 Yahoo News article on Page's July 2016 trip to Moscow, but the application "incorrectly assesses that Steele did not provide information to Yahoo News."
"The article does not corroborate the Steele dossier because it is derived from information leaked by Steele himself to Yahoo news," the memo states.
But the memo then goes on to say that the FBI did not know about Steele's media contacts, alleging Steele "improperly concealed and lied" to the FBI about his media contacts. Schiff, however, said that the Yahoo News article was not referenced in the FISA application to corroborate Steele.
The memo names former officials in the Obama administration who signed off on the warrants, saying former FBI Director James Comey signed three applications, and McCabe and former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates signed at least one.
But the memo also states that Rosenstein -- who was elevated under Trump -- signed off on at least one FISA application for Page. Dana Boente, who is currently the FBI general counsel and was appointed by Trump's FBI director, also signed off as well on one or more of the applications.
Democrats dispute memo's findings
Democrats have slammed the Republican memo as misleading and inaccurate. Schiff, saying the memo fails to provide "vital context," called the memo "a shameful effort to discredit" the FBI and Justice Department and an attempt to undermine Mueller's probe.
Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said the memo "demonstrates an astonishing disregard for the truth."
"Unlike almost every House member who voted in favor of this memo's release, I have actually read the underlying documents on which the memo was based. They simply do not support its conclusions," Warner said in a statement.
But Nunes said in a statement that committee had "discovered serious violations of the public trust, and the American people have a right to know when officials in crucial institutions are abusing their authority for political purposes."
"It is my hope that the committee's actions will shine a light on this alarming series of events so we can make reforms that allow the American people to have full faith and confidence in their governing institutions," Nunes said.
Page's role
The Steele dossier alleges that Page met senior Russian officials as an emissary of the Trump campaign and discussed quid-pro-quo deals relating to sanctions, business opportunities and Russia's interference in the election. After Page took a trip to Russia in July 2016, the FBI grew concerned that he had been compromised by Russian operatives, US officials briefed on the matter told CNN.
Page says he never cut any political deals with the Kremlin and says there was nothing illegal in his interactions with Russian officials.
"The brave and assiduous oversight by Congressional leaders in discovering this unprecedented abuse of process represents a giant, historic leap in the repair of America's democracy," Page said in a statement Friday.
Ohr, the Justice Department official who was demoted amid the discovery of his ties to the opposition research firm behind the controversial Trump dossier, figures prominently in the memo.
"Before and after Steele was terminated as a source, he maintained contact with DOJ via then-Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr," the memo says. "Shortly after the election, the FBI began interviewing Ohr, documenting his communications with Steele," including "clear evidence of Steele's bias," according to the memo.
It adds, "Ohr later provided the FBI will all his wife's opposition research, paid for by the DNC and Clinton campaign via Fusion GPS. The Ohrs' relationship with Settle and Fusion GPS was inexplicably concealed from (the FISA court)."
Ohr previously served as an associate deputy attorney general, but was stripped of that position after his meetings with Steele and Simpson became public in December. More recently, Ohr was removed as head of the Justice Department's Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Forces as well.
Escalation of partisan fight over Russia probe
The memo was spearheaded by Nunes, who was a member of the Trump transition team, and written by majority committee staff.
The committee voted along party lines to release the memo first to the full House and then to the public on Monday.
At the same time, the committee rejected an effort from Schiff to also make public a 10-page Democratic counter-memo. The committee voted to release that memo to the full House, and Schiff plans to push for its release next week.
The inquest into the death of a murdered Leeds teenager was opened and adjourned this morning.
Wakefield Coroner's Court heard that Raheem Omar Wilks, 19, died after receiving a gunshot wound to the chest in a barber's shop in Gathorne Terrace on January 26 this year.
Temporary detective inspector Shaun Bartram confirmed to the court that a post-mortem of Mr Wilks, of Roundhay Grove, Chapeltown, had been carried out.
Mr Wilks received a gunshot wound to the chest before he died in hospital, the court heard.
David Hinchliff, senior coroner for West Yorkshire, adjourned the inquest to await the outcome of criminal proceedings relating to Mr Wilks's death.
Two people have been charged with his murder and will stand trial on October 16.
Plumber Mr Wilks was the brother of Leeds United player Mallik Wilks.
His body will now be released so that his funeral can take place.
The three-day discussion of the state budget for 2018 starts in the plenary session on Monday morning.
It is expected that the vote on the budget 2018 will take place on Wednesday at about 6pm after discussions have been completed.
The debate begins at 10am with a summary of the House finance committee's report.
The heads of the parties speak next, in order of their electoral power.
Head of Elam Christos Christou will be first, followed by the Greens' Giorgos Perdikes, Michalis Giorgallas from Solidarity, Giorgos Lillikas, head of the Citizens Alliance, Edek president Marinos Sizopoulos, Diko's Nicolas Papadopoulos, Secretary General of Akel Andros Kyprianou and Disy leader Averof Neophytou.
The heads of Disy, Akel and Diko are going to speak for 45 minutes each and the others for 30 minutes.
The budget discussion will continue on Tuesday with the session starting at 9am, stopping at 1pm, restart at 3pm and ending at 8pm.
On Wednesday, the plenary session will begin at 3pm.
© REUTERS/ Joshua Roberts US Commerce Secretary Dismisses IMF Protectionism Warnings
–
WASHINGTON (Sputnik)The World Economic Outlook (WEO) raised its global growth projection for 2017 to 3.5 percent from a prior 3.4 forecast, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said in a report on Tuesday.
"The economic upswing that we have expected for some time seems to be materializing: indeed, the World Economic Outlook (WEO) raises its projection for 2017 global growth to 3.5 percent, up from our recently forecast 3.4 percent," the report stated.
The 2018 forecast remained the same at 3.6 percent projected growth.
The IMF revised its projection upward in the United States, reflecting the likely fiscal policy easing, stronger currency and slight increase in confidence. Europe and Japan's outlooks also improved due to a recovery in global manufacturing and trade.
In the medium-term, significant downside risks remain, including the threat of protectionism, which could lead to trade wars, the IMF said.
Growth forecasts for 2017 and 2018 were revised upward for Russia, where economic recovery is benefiting from higher oil prices, and China, reflecting stronger than anticipated policy support.
For developing economies and emerging markets, growth was revised downward as a result of weaker overall economic outlooks, weaker trade and oil production cuts, especially in Latin America and the Middle East.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
ANN ARBOR, Mich. — Muhammad-Ali Abdur-Rahkman made a tiebreaking three-point play with 3.8 seconds left and finished with 17 points as No. 24 Michigan held on to beat Minnesota 76-73 in overtime on Saturday.
The Wolverines (19-6, 8-4 Big Ten) needed the extra time to win because they struggled to shoot from the field and the line. And they failed to slow down a pair of guards.
The Golden Gophers (14-11, 3-9) were in a position to end their longest losing streak of the year because freshman Isaiah Washington had a season-high 26 points and Nate Mason scored 22 points, including a 3-pointer with 5.3 seconds left that tied the game.
Mason was just short on a shot from about 30 feet that would have forced a second overtime.
Michigan's Zavier Simpson made a layup and a 3-pointer — after missing his first seven attempts beyond the arc — to give his offensively challenged team a four-point lead with 2:50 left in the extra period.
The Gophers tied the game with 11 seconds left, but couldn't keep Abdur-Rahkman from making what the game-winning play on a hard-charging drive for a layup on which he was fouled by Jamir Harris.
Moe Wagner had 16 points and 10 rebounds, Simpson scored 15 and Charles Matthews had 13 points for the Wolverines, who have won four straight at home. Michigan made just 44 per cent of its shots from the field and was 8 of 32 from the 3-point line.
Minnesota's Jordan Murphy fouled out in overtime with 12 points and six rebounds.
BIG PICTURE
Minnesota: The short-handed Gophers, who played just seven players, extended their season-long losing streak to five games. Minnesota was without Reggie Lynch because of an investigation into sexual assault allegations along with Amir Coffey (right shoulder) and Gaston Diedhiou (ankle) due to injuries.
JASCHA Boyce's soon-to-be-husband Joren Dawson keeps her on her toes ... and that's fine by her.
Both acrobats, the two love training together.
And in the lead-up to Tuesday night's opening of comedy cabaret Club Swizzle at the Space Theatre, they've been practising their moves by the River Torrens.
It's the perfect way for Boyce to show her San Francisco-born fiance, who is one of the Swizzle Boys, the sights of her hometown where they will marry next month.
Camera Icon Club Swizzle acrobat Joren Dawson, with his fiance, fellow acrobat Jascha Boyce, by the Torrens. Picture: Calum Robertson Picture: News Corp Australia
One of the founding members of the internationally-renowned contemporary circus company Gravity & Other Myths, Boyce got her start at Adelaide's Cirkidz Circus School.
She and Dawson are collaborating on a physical theatre show for children called Jelly or Jam which they will debut at next year's Adelaide Fringe Festival.
Club Swizzle runs until December 31.
adelaidefestivalcentre.com.au
By Abby Hassler
Beyoncé and Jay-Z rule the musical world and are one the most famous couples on earth. Though the two have collaborated on multiple tracks, you've never heard them together quite like this.
Related: Beyoncé in Labor?
A 19-year-old producer, Amorphous, created a project he calls Bey-Z, which takes instrumentals from Jay-Z's musical catalog and infuses them with Beyoncé's killer vocals. The results are magical.
“I was playing one of Jay's tracks in the car,” Aamorphous told Complex, “and I started to sing ‘Formation' over the beat. I immediately rushed home as I knew that I had something interesting on my hands and got to working. I completed it in several minutes, adding some small production elements of my own… I [tried] to find songs that worked together lyrically in some aspects but truly complimented each other.”
Listen to a preview of “Bey-Z” below and check out the whole thing on Bandcamp.
President Donald Trump should immediately step down after three women renewed sexual harassment accusations against him, US Senator Kirsten Gillibrand said in an interview on Monday.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Three women — Rachael Crooks, Samatha Holvey and Jessica Leeds — held a joint news conference on Monday to reveal details about Trump's alleged acts of sexual harassment and assault, calling for a congressional investigation into the matter.
"President Trump should resign," US Senator Kirsten Gillibrand told CNN. "These allegations are credible; they are numerous. I've heard these women's testimonies, and many of them are heartbreaking."
Gillibrand said that if the president continues to deny the accusations, the US Congress should launch a probe and hold him accountable for his actions.
Gillibrand's calls echoed similar statements by Sens. Bernie Sanders, Cory Brooker and Jeff Merkley, who have also urged Trump to step down over the allegations.
"Here you have a president who has been accused by many women of assault, who says on a tape that he assaulted women," Sanders told NBC's "Meet the Press" program, noting that Democratic Sen. Al Franken resigned after several women accused him of sexual misconduct.
We have a president who acknowledged on tape that he assaulted women. I would hope that he pays attention to what's going on and think about resigning. — Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) 7 декабря 2017 г.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said in a press briefing on Monday that Trump has addressed the allegations directly and refuted them. She added that the White House would provide a list of eyewitnesses who could prove the accusers wrong.
During Trump's election campaign, at least 15 women accused him of sexual harassment, with some of the cases dating back decades. Trump called the accusations completely and absolutely false, vowing to provide counter evidence and take legal action for libel.
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks in Parliament as she announces that she has sent the letter to trigger the process of leaving the European Union in London, March 29, 2017. Parliament TV handout via REUTERS
LONDON Britain has formally triggered the process of leaving the European Union, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday.
European Council President Donald Tusk received a letter from the British ambassador to the EU on Wednesday. The notification letter, handed over in Tusk's Brussels office in the presence of journalists, triggers a two-year countdown to Brexit under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty. [nB5N1CU022]
"The Article 50 process is now under way and in accordance with the wishes of the British people, the United Kingdom is leaving the European Union," May told parliament.
May said Britain would seek to agree its future partnership with the bloc alongside the withdrawal terms.
(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan, Elizabeth Piper and William James, editing by Estelle Shirbon)
BARNABY Joyce and his partner Vikki Campion have sensationally claimed they were pressured to abort their baby.
Coalition MPs have labelled the claims “ridiculous”, but said they felt for the former deputy prime minister after he took personal leave amid the public backlash.
In a promotional clip for a controversial interview with Channel 7's Sunday Night program – for which the network paid $150,000 – the couple said there “were people who tried to stop the baby being born”.
Confusion emerged yesterday about the length of time Mr Joyce has taken personal leave.
He tweeted he was taking leave only until June 15, which contradicts a statement by Nationals whip Michelle Landry who said he was away “until the end of June”.
“Contrary to reports, I'm taking to leave until June 15 following a routine check up. The medical certificate provided allowed for a month,” Mr Joyce's tweet said. “I look forward to resuming parliamentary duties.
“The electorate office will continue normal operations in this fortnight.”
Ms Landry said Mr Joyce “came to me” and “requested personal leave – effective immediately, running to the end of June”.
“Given his circumstances, and in consultation with the Deputy Prime Minister and the Chief Government Whip, I approved his leave request,” she said.
Camera Icon Picture: Channel 7
In the Channel 7 clip, Ms Campion said there was “political pressure” placed on the pair to have an abortion.
“They said if you don't, they're going to come after you,” she said. Mr Joyce is then heard to say: “They did.”
Mr Joyce's colleagues yesterday said he was clearly under “considerable pressure”.
“Who are ‘they'?” one Coalition MP asked.
“We are now talking about conspiracy theories.”
Mr Joyce has denied he will benefit from the interview and said the money was going into a trust for their son Sebastian.
Earlier this week, Mr Joyce said the interview was Ms Campion's idea.
Camera Icon Barnaby Joyce and partner Vikki Campion with baby Sebastian during Sunday Night's interview. Picture: Channel 7
It is understood Mr Joyce left Canberra after being granted the leave on Tuesday night.
Mr Joyce left his wife Natalie after having an affair with Ms Campion, who was his media advisor at the time.
Ms Campion's father Peter yesterday hit out at media criticism of his daughter, saying the “envy is palpable and sickening”.
“It seems the media think it's OK to make money and score ideological points out of Baanaby (sic) and his family while prohibiting them making money and scoring ideological points out of the media,” he said.
MASTER batsman Alastair Cook has hit back at those questioning his desire ahead of his 150th Test — and at the same time defended England's culture ahead of the third Ashes Test.
On Monday, former England captain Kevin Pietersen questioned Cook's desire to keep playing at the top level and described the opening batsman as looking disinterested.
But in typical Cook fashion, the prolific run-scorer dead-batted speculation surrounding his future like he's done for more than a decade out in the middle.
“For the people who are saying that, they've had no contact time with me,” Cook told reporters ahead of the final Ashes Test at the WACA.
“They wouldn't know the extra nets I've been doing behind closed doors.
“I was with (my batting coach Graham Thorpe) yesterday for an hour-and-a-half in the morning, desperate to keep working on my game.
“That's probably not a guy who's given in.
“To be honest with you, I have no idea (when I'll retire). And I've said that since I gave up the captaincy.”
Cook will become just the eighth Test cricketer to play 150 Tests on Thursday and at 31 could conceivably play on for another five years.
But despite being England's highest runscorer in Test cricket he's as aware as ever the importance of scoring runs.
The veteran opening batsman is averaging just 15.5 from the opening two Tests and England's Ashes fortunes could well rest on Cook piling on the runs at the WACA.
“If you're scoring lots of runs all the time, your place is guaranteed,” Cook said.
“If you're not scoring runs, there's other talented people who want your place.
“That hasn't changed for 12 years, and it won't change for the next 20-odd years.
“People want your place, and it's down to me to score some runs to get those people off my back.”
LISTEN TO THE THIRD TEST PREVIEW PODCAST WITH BRETT GEEVES, DAMIEN FLEMING AND TOM MORRIS BELOW, OR TAP HERE TO SUBSCRIBE IN ITUNES
As has been the case all tour, Cook was also asked about his side's self-destruction off the pitch.
One of the game's true gentlemen, the former captain said that England needed to win back respect from the cricketing community but added that he'd never been a part of an England set up that worked harder.
“The world's obviously changed for the England cricket team in September and it's probably taken us a couple of months to really realise that,” Cook said.
“And I think the last two incidents (Jonny Bairstow's headbutt on Cameron Bancroft and Ben Duckett pouring a beer over teammate James Anderson) have probably proven that.
“You kind of go back to 2013 when we won an Ashes series three nil but the public weren't that happy.
“It was a strange one — certainly as a captain — there was a big disconnect between the players and the public, and over the last three-four years we've made a massive effort to try and get that connection back.
“Clearly the last couple of months we've damaged that and we've got to try and build that a lot because it's so important to the players and we've got to understand it quickly.
“The one thing I will say about the England side, and it's even changed since I was captain, I've never seen a side work as hard as this side is working.
“Whether we win, lose or draw, whether we play well or play rubbish, the effort from the guys is unbelievable.
“Trevor's (Bayliss) cancelling practice sessions after three-and-a-half hours, four hours saying: ‘We've got to stop now. You'll waste the energy, you've got to save it for the Test match.'
“People are just desperate to do well.”
Skylie Joy Bowser was supposed to arrive on New Year's Eve, but she took her time and became Lawton-Fort Sill's first New Year's baby.
Skylie, daughter of Shalisa and Steven Bowser, entered the world at 1:01 p.m. Sunday at Comanche County Memorial Hospital after several false starts.
Shalisa had pains for the last couple of days, Steven said, but the time wasn't right. It even seemed for a while that Skylie might decide to come on Jan. 2. The Bowsers went to the hospital at 4 a.m. Sunday and stayed for a couple of hours before heading back home.
"We were home for about an hour and a half, two hours, and it was time to go," he said.
Within 20 to 30 minutes after arriving back at the hospital, Shalisa went into labor and everything proceeded smoothly.
Kentucky woman responds to backlash over giraffe killing
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — A Kentucky woman vilified on social media for killing a giraffe on a 2017 hunt in Africa said she has received thousands of angry messages and death threats.
A photo of Tess Talley posing with a large giraffe went viral this week after the Twitter account of a site called Africa Digest posted two photos and called her a "white American savage."
Media report that Talley is from Johnson County in eastern Kentucky. She issued a statement this week saying the giraffe was not rare and she was participating in what she called "conservation through game management."
She says in the statement "some of the most vile things have been directed at me and many other women hunters."
Talley has been criticized on social media by celebrities such as Ricky Gervais and "Will and Grace" actress Debra Messing, who called her a "disgusting, vile, amoral, heartless, selfish murderer."
The photos posted by Talley last year show her standing and smiling beside a dead giraffe along with the caption: "Prayers for my once in a lifetime dream hunt came true today!"
Trophy hunting is a legal practice in many African countries.
She claims in her statement that the giraffe was over 18 years old and had killed three other younger giraffes that were of breeding age.
"I get that hunting is not for everyone," she said in the statement, but "if it was any other belief that was different, threats and insults would be deemed hideous, however for some reason it is ok to act this way because it's hunting."
April 28 Maternus Kliniken AG:
* FY group sales of 124.0 million euros ($134.68 million)were slightly higher than in the previous year
* FY operating profit (EBIT) of 5.8 million euros and profit for the year of 1.1 million euros
* FY EBIT declined from 8.1 million euros in previous year to 5.8 million euros, net profit for the year was 1.1 million euros, compared to 2.4 million euros in the previous year
* Expects to achieve a sales increase of around 3 percent in 2017 and an EBIT of at least 5 million euros adjusted for special expenses Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9207 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
IT'S the humble part of Saturday morning that so many parents and athletes know so well — the sports drop off.
Now Fox Sports is hoping the memory of the junior training ritual will tap into the psyche of fans as part of its newest and most ambitious marketing campaign.
Starring a roll call of Australia's biggest sports stars and shot over several weeks at a number of locations across the country, the multimillion-dollar sports campaign recreates the weekly ritual of the Saturday morning sports run — only featuring sports superstars.
Camera Icon Soccer star Tim Cahill will appear in the ad. Picture: FOX SPORTS, Supplied
In one scene, Aussie cricket captain Steve Smith is dropped off at a cricket match in Mumbai; Dustin Martin is delivered to the MCG while NRL great Cam Smith is driven to AAMI Park.
The campaign, which launches today, is designed to promote the biggest price drop on the subscriber's sports package ever — with the monthly sports package being offered for $39 a month.
That includes access to Fox Sports as well as ESPN and beIN sports channels.
For Smith it was an opportunity to flex his acting muscles. It was a totally new concept for the Aussie cricket captain who is not accustomed to hamming it up for the camera.
“Shooting was a lot of fun,” said Smith, who filmed his segment in the Sydney suburb of Erskineville.
“In my scene I'm dropped off in Mumbai via Erskineville.
“It was very cool to see how the production team transformed an everyday transportation yard into a busy Mumbai traffic jam.
“I'm a pretty big NRL fan so it was fun to see all the footy players involved, too.”
Geelong's Patrick Dangerfield also stars alongside Martin and Aussie soccer superstar Sam Kerr, with the trio filming their segment together in Melbourne.
Other athletes appearing include Tim Cahill, motorsport legend Craig Lowndes, Buddy Franklin and basketballer and Australian rules footballer Erin Phillips.
Camera Icon It features sporting stars from all corners of sport. Supercars driver Craig Lowndes, Michael Hooper, Dustin Martin, Sam Kerr, Cameron Smith. Picture: FOX SPORTS, Supplied
For Foxtel, sister company to the publisher of The Sunday Telegraph, it was a “pull out all stops” effort to promote the new subscription deal. According to new CEO Patrick Delany it is Fox's lowest price ever for the sports package.
“It brings unrivalled value for sport and couldn't come at a better time as we gear up for an exciting 2018 winter sports season,” Delany said.
Events featured in full include the NRL and AFL, the Australian Supercars, NBA and European soccer league.
Experience is always key in any competitive sport and both Donal Wrynn and Jack Heslin felt that Monaghan's greater experience played a massive role in Saturday's All-Ireland Qualifier in Pairc Sean Mac Diarmada.
Leitrim captain Donal Wrynn commented “We did test ourselves and even though we did fairly well in the first half, maybe we could have been closer with just a little bit more experience and a little better at taking our chances and winning frees in the crucial areas.
“They played the first half fairly smart and just got away from us and we were always chasing the game from then on. If we had taken either of those two goal chances and there was a bit of pressure on them, we might have been closer or even ahead of them at halftime, I think we really could have had a go at them.
“But the fact that we were always chasing the game created gaps at the back, no fault to the lads. We were just trying to push on and get scores on the board but naturally enough that does create gaps. We were struggling to get scores on the board and they were just finding space and scores inside.”
Jack Heslin pointed out that missed chances cost Leitrim but the experience of big games against teams like Monaghan will stand to them - “We had two or three goal chances and we didn't take them and they did, they took their points and kicked some serious scores, Beggan kicking frees from 60 yards out.
“Maybe we just need to get more clinical inside and then we will beat bigger teams. We probably burned ourselves out early on but we're still working on finishing out games against these bigger teams.
“Roscommon was the same thing, we probably need to kick the ball a bit more, save ourselves a bit rather than killing ourselves running through the middle but that will come with playing more games.
“We need to learn these things and I think it will all come with experience, there are definitely positives in it and the more we play, the better we get.”
It was a point Donal agreed with but the Fenagh man said the conditions on the day dictated some of the play - “Maybe so, there was a slight breeze as well so it was slight bit trickier to kick but maybe we needed to work the ball through hands a little bit more with that breeze. That's why maybe when we got to that point, they were able to get back, just the fact that we were moving that little bit slower and block up the space and maybe didn't allow the space for us.
“Physically, they are a fairly experienced outfit and you could see they have years of strong conditioning work done and maybe we just don't have that yet.”
Saturday's game was played in extreme heat and Donal admitted it tested him to the limit - “It was fairly difficult out there, I'd say I'm fairly dehydrated now at this stage. It is tough to keep going in these conditions, the worst I've played in and I've played in America and I don't think it was this warm or this difficult. I just found it really hard but look, it was the same for them, we can't use that as an excuse.”
SEE THIS WEEK'S LEITRIM OBSERVER AND WWW.LEITRIMOBSERVER.IE FOR MORE FROM LEITRIM'S QUALIFIER GAME AGAINST MONAGHAN.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
A police-involved shooting in Anadarko began as a domestic disturbance and ended with one man dead.
According to Anadarko Police, the shooting occurred as officers responded to a domestic disturbance just before 5 p.m at a home near N. 1st and Prairie Village Ave.
Once on scene, police say they located a male suspect, now identified as 34-year-old Henry James Hunter, armed with a knife. According to a report, officers gave Hunter verbal commands to drop his weapon, but when they say he started to approach them, one officer fired his weapon. Hunter was transported from the scene to a local hospital where he was pronounced dead a short time later.
The two officers who responded to the call have been placed on routine administrative leave while the incident is investigated.
District Attorney Jason Hicks requested OSBI special agents investigate the shooting. Five special agents were called in to collect information and evidence. Once agents have completed their investigation, they'll present a case to the district attorney.
Fairbanks hit 90 degrees last week for the first time in four years. The heat was very localized to the Tanana and Yukon river valleys.
We asked Brian Brettschneider, with our Ask a Climatologist segment, which areas of Alaska usually see the hottest temperatures in the summer.
He says the warmest temperatures are almost always found in the Interior.
Interview Transcript:
Brian: Somewhere from about Tanana and then eastward to the Canadian border around Eagle. Especially when you get into the Tanana and the Yukon river valleys, those are the places that over the last 100 or so years, they've observed the most days in the upper 80's, the 90's and even a 100 degree reading occurred at Fort Yukon in 1915.
Annie: And what makes that the warm spot?
Brian: Well, there are a lot of things that go into it. One is, at our high latitude, we get nearly continuous daylight in Interior Alaska. The sun sets for a few hours but it's basically at solar heating for nearly the entire day. Also, June is a very sunny month, so you don't have clouds that are blocking that sun's energy. Then you also have, in say the Tanana and the Yukon river valleys, those are relatively low elevation, so, as most people know, high elevation is cooler, there's less atmosphere above you.
They're also far from the coast. Here in Anchorage, along any part of the coastal areas of Alaska, when the sun is out and it starts to heat up the ground, hot air rises and air has to fill in for that air that's risen and that comes in from all directions. But when you're in close proximity to the water, the air that's filling in for the air that's risen, is relatively cooler. So a lot of things come together to make it warmer in the Interior.
Annie: What else do we know about that 100 degree record in Fort Yukon?
Brian: That happened in 1915. A number of places in the Interior were in the 90's and Fort Yukon topped out at 100 degrees. Looking at all the data around it, it may have been a little bit too warm, but it's plausible that it occurred. Interestingly, it's the only 100 degree reading ever in Alaska, it also ties Hawaii for their warmest temperature on record. So that's an interesting bit of trivia, that Alaska and Hawaii share a record for the hottest all-time temperature. And it's also worth noting- the 100 degree reading in Hawaii- some people have looked into it, and it's probably a bad reading, it probably overstates what their hottest temperature is. Their hottest temperature is probably something in the upper 90's. So it's very possible it's gotten warmer in Alaska than it ever has in Hawaii.
LONDON IAAF president Sebastian Coe said on Thursday he had every confidence in the security surrounding August's world athletics championships in London having had a close-up view of operations during the 2012 Olympics in the city.
In the light of the attack on the Borussia Dortmund team bus before the Champions League match on Tuesday, Coe was asked whether security was being reviewed for the world championships.
"I can use my London (2012) experience here," Coe told a news conference in the city following a meeting of the Council of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF).
"The best type of security is the security you never discuss," added the man who was head of the organising committee of the 2012 Games which passed off without any major security issues.
"It is incremental and sequential and delivered in the light of all sorts of prevailing intelligence," Coe said.
"This is a city that does that probably better than pretty much anywhere in the world and we have a record of doing it extraordinarily well.
"So I am absolutely sure that the intelligence agencies, the Metropolitan Police and the plethora of other agencies will be looking at that all the time."
In Dortmund, three devices exploded near the team bus as it was taking players to the stadium to play a Champions League game against Monaco.
One player was injured and a man who, according to German prosecutors, was suspected of being a member of the Islamic State group was detained over the incident. The game had to be postponed until Wednesday.
(Editing by Ian Chadband)
(MENAFN - Muscat Daily) Muscat- Oman Arab Bank (OAB), encouraging the savings habit with customers, has announced the new 'Hassad' Savings Scheme for 2017. The scheme has been completely revamped from last year to offer customers greatly increased chances of winning, with 100 guaranteed winners per month with different prize draws covering regional, children's, and Elite Account holders, together with Monthly Bumper Prizes and special customer draws.
Commenting on the launch of the new scheme, Fahd Amjad, general manager of Retail Banking at OAB said, 'We believe our new 'Hassad' savings scheme makes Oman Arab Bank the bank of choice for customers looking to get rewarded for the habit of saving. By rewarding 100 winners monthly, we have now substantially improved the chances of winning for all our customers.'
The new Hassad savings scheme ensures customers from every region and branch have an equal opportunity to win, with OAB conducting prize draws every month alternating between regions and nationwide draws. Each of the draw will ensure a minimum of two winners of RO1,000 per branch in that respective region, together with multiple winners of RO500 across all branche and one Bumper draw of RO25,000 per month.
Oman Arab Bank's banking proposition 'Elite' for High Net worth customers will also benefit from the revised Hassad scheme. Elite customers will now be participating in a dedicated monthly draws with a prize pot of RO25,000 monthly, together with a half-year and year end prize draw of RO50,000 in June and December.
Continuing its tradition to reward children and women, Hassad prize scheme will have dedicated draws for both customer segments. Additionally, special occasion prizes for Omani Teachers Day, Women's day, Khareef, Eid al Fitr, and National Day will also be celebrated with prizes for lucky winners.
OAB customers can easily open a 'Hassad' account with a minimum balance of RO100, in order to be eligible for the prize draws.
OAB is one of the first banks to be established in Oman, with a rich and proud history. Today, the bank operates a nationwide network of 65 branches and offices and over 135 ATMs. OAB provides the complete range of financial products and services for personal banking, corporate and investment clients.
MENAFN1402201701410000ID1095248631
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Turkey's opposition parties are demanding a recount following Sunday's referendum to install a presidential system of government greatly expanding the powers of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
The Republican People's Party (CHP), the secularist main opposition party, has demanded a recount. On Sunday, the Turkish newspaper Sabah, which typically published pro-Erdogan stories, reported that the CHP would seek recounts of up to 40 percent of the votes cast, alleging that bribery and intimidation had occurred to keep the “yes” votes high. Reuters had reported the CHP's recount demands to be higher – a 60 percent vote recount – arguing that a number of unverified ballots had made their way into the vote totals.
The Turkish Supreme Election Board (YSK), the electoral oversight agency, had announced it would count as valid unverified ballots lacking an official YSK stamp required from the voting stations, unless individual claims of fraud arose against them.
“This referendum will always be remembered as illegitimate,” CHP deputy leader Bülent Tezcan argued on Monda. “The only way to end ongoing discussions over the referendum's legitimacy is to annul it. What is necessary is the annulment of this referendum.”
Kemal Kilicdaroglu, the head of the CHP, also condemned the move to validate ballots after they are counted. “You cannot change the laws of the game during the match,” he argued. “The electoral body has made the referendum's legitimacy disputed.”
Hurriyet cites CHP leaders who say they are building a case, including video of suspicious activity at voting stations, to bring to both the YSK and the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR).
The Democratic People's Party (HDP), a pro-Kurdish leftist party, will also contest the results. “There were ballot papers without stamps on their backs. This shows no commitment to the laws of the election process,” HDP spokesperson Osman Baydemir protested, estimating that more than 600 ballot boxes that the YSK ended up counting were “illegal” because of their improper lack of stamping.
The stridently anti-Islamist HDP entered the referendum vote at a greater disadvantage than any other party. After the Turkish Parliament elected to strip HDP members of legislative immunity, police arrested the party's co-chairs, Figen Yüksekdağ and Selahattin Demirtaş, on charges of “aiding terrorism” by allegedly supporting Kurdish separatist groups. Another dozen HDP members were arrested in November along with Yüksekdağ and Demirtaş.
The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), which sent international observers to follow the election, has already condemned the vote as illegitimate. “We observed the misuse of state resources, as well as the obstruction of ‘no' campaign events. The campaign rhetoric was tarnished by some senior officials equating ‘no' supporters with terrorist sympathizers,” Tana de Zulueta, who observed the election on the group's behalf, said.
Cezar Florin Preda, another observer, argued the referendum “took place on an unlevel playing field and the two sides of the campaign did not have equal opportunities.”
Even before Sunday's election, Erdoğan had reportedly condemned the OSCE for meddling in Turkish affairs. “The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe says if the result is ‘yes,' that means there are a lot of problems. Who are you?” Erdoğan asked on Saturday, according to Iran's government-run PressTV. “First of all, you should know your place. This is not your duty.”
Official Turkish government numbers showed Erdoğan's push for a presidential system won by 51.4 percent of the vote, with an estimated 48.6 percent of the country voting “no.” Electoral maps showed Erdoğan winning big in the nation's heartland and suburban areas, but the “no” vote sweeping the big cities – Istanbul, Ankara, Izmir – and the largely Kurdish Southeast.
Following his victory, Erdoğan delivered a speech praising the country: “For the first time in the republic's history, Turkey changed its governmental system through civilian means.” He added that efforts to “belittle” the election results would “be in vain.”
A former Longview Lobo football player and current Texas A&M defensive lineman has been arrested along with another man in connection to charges they pointed a gun at several people and threatened to kill them early Sunday.
Zaycoven Henderson, 23, is charged with aggravated assault.
Our Raycom sister station, KXXV reports College Station Police responded to 1711 Harvey Mitchell Parkway at the Campus Village Apartments, at 2:27 a.m., where it was reported two men pointed a gun at several people and threatened to kill them.
When officers arrived, they located the suspects' vehicle leaving the apartments. Police reported stopping the vehicle and arresting Henderson and Terry Florez Jr., 24.
Officers reported learning that Henderson pointed a rifle at one of the victims and also threatened the other two victims by stating he would kill them.
Police said the rifle had been discarded by Henderson in a nearby wooded area in an attempt to hide it.
Officers were able to locate the rifle, which matched the exact description given by the victims, according to the report.
Henderson is also being charged with tampering with evidence and possession of marijuana.
Florez Jr. is being charged with possession of marijuana.
Henderson played for Longview and graduated in 2014. He made all-district his senior year after making 36 tackles, according to the Texas A&M athletics website.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
QUEENSLAND would receive a $518 million cash injection from the Federal Government in the most significant reform to GST since it was introduced almost 20 years ago.
Treasurer Scott Morrison will say under the eight-year, $7 billion plan, to be announced today, no state will be worse off in terms of how much cash it receives.
But the system requires up to $1 billion a year in general government revenue to be injected into the GST pool to make this happen, putting pressure on the Budget bottom line.
It follows a 12 month review into the GST system by the Productivity Commission (PC).
But the Government has thrown out the report's major recommendation into how to share the cash, which would have seen Queensland $11 billion worse off over four years.
It would have created a political nightmare for a Government staring down five by-elections and a Federal election within a year.
Instead, the new system will be benchmarked to the performance of NSW or Victoria, which ever is higher, in a bid to stabilise the system.
Camera Icon Federal treasurer Scott Morrison: Under the eight-year, $7 billion plan, to be announced today, no state will be worse off in terms of how much cash it receives. Picture: AAP, AAP Image/ Joel Carrett
Cash injections from general government tax revenue will be used to increase the size of the GST pool to make sure no state is worse off in dollar terms.
A floor price of 70c per dollar of GST collected will also be introduced in 2021-22 and increased to 75c per dollar in 2024-25, despite the PC warning it could “bite” the budget in the future.
The Treasurer and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, must now try to sell the new plan to state treasurers at a special Federal Financial Relations council meeting to be held in September. They will be able to opt out of the new system and remain on the current model if they chose.
The Palaszczuk Government was last night sceptical of the Turnbull Government's pledge that Queensland would not lose out.
“Queensland needs to see Malcolm Turnbull's modelling that proves these changes don't leave our state worse off,” a Government spokesman said.
“Saying ‘no-one loses' is easy. Proving it requires a very substantial pool of funds that Scott Morrison will need to clearly identify and explain later today.
“If any of that money is coming from existing National Partnership agreements supporting schools hospitals and roads in Queensland, then this is no solution at all.”
Mr Morrison said the Productivity Commission's recommendation would have unnecessarily hurt states as they transitioned to the new system.
“No state will be financially disadvantaged as a result of moving to this new benchmark,” he said.
“This will be the first time real changes have been made to fix problems in how the GST is shared since the GST was introduced almost 20 years ago.”
The PC's original recommendation was to link distribution to the average fiscal capacity of all states, instead of NSW or Victoria, which it argued would encourage more tax reform among the states.
Queensland is expected to receive $14.8 billion in GST this financial year, being paid out at $1.10 for every dollar of GST contributed.
The new model projects the state will continue to be paid out at $1.11 to $1.15 for every dollar collected for at least the next eight years.
But the overall GST pool will be boosted by annual “top up” payments from the Federal Government from general tax revenue.
These will begin with a $600 million injection in 2021-22, of which Queensland will receive $87 million.
The annual payments will increase to $1.053 billion in 2026-27, with Queensland to receive $105 million that year.
It will have received $518 million in total top up payments by 2026-27.
WA and the NT will receive a combined $1.468 billion in top up payments by 2020-21, before other states, to bring them up to speed.
The Government says this will not impact the razor-thin projected surplus in 2019-20, but that the details of how will not be revealed until the Mid-Year Economic and Fiscal Outlook (MYEFO).
Saudi's Kingdom Holding buys $62 mln stake in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding , the investment firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, said on Thursday it had bought a 7.11 percent stake in ride-hailing firm Careem for $62 million.
× 23-year-old Chester woman died in single-car crash
PRINCE GEORGE COUNTY, Va. — Police identified the driver who was killed in a single-vehicle traffic fatality on Saturday, April 15.
The driver, identified as Melissa L. Michael, age 23, of Chester, Va. was pronounced dead at the scene.
The crash occurred in the 7200 block of West Quaker Road at approximately 7:10 p.m., according to police.
The preliminary investigation revealed the 2006 Hyundai, operated by Michael, was traveling eastbound on West Quaker Rd.
The vehicle traveled off of the left side of the roadway, struck an embankment and overturned.
The driver was ejected from the vehicle during the crash. Investigators' preliminary findings revealed Michael was not wearing a seatbelt.
Friends who would like to share memories or photos of Melissa Michael can do so here.
Download Trading Post Classified Form CLICK HERE
Studio Line 9AM – 10AM: 620-792-2479
WANTED: SLIDE IN CAMPER. 282-0027
FOR SALE: GUN RACK, JUGS & METAL CANS, 2 FLIP PHONES. 786-1945
WANTED: 2 TALL BAR STOOLS SWIVEL/BACK/BROWN LEATHER. 793-8100
WANTED: CHEVY OR FORD 90'S OR EARLY 2000 PU 1/2/EXT CAB, YOUTH 20 GUAGE SHOTGUN. 316-619-8494
FOR SALE: HEAVY-DUTY SMOKER GRILL. WANTED: GAS POWERED GOLF CART. 785-420-0830
FOR SALE: SWATHER TIRES 16/9/28, 1969 CHEVY 1/2 TON PU., 20.8/42 TRACTOR TIRES. 785-650-1175
FOR SALE: SEARS 1500 WATT GENERATOR, SUMP PUMP. WANTED: 1998 JEEP WRANGLER HARD TOP, FENDER FLARE, SIDE STEP. 793-0979
FOR SALE: TIRES 245/65/17/ COCKATIELS, TURTLE DOVES, EGGS. 792-7074
WANTED: DOG PEN. 282-3364
FOR SALE: 2000 NEW HOLLAND LS 180 SKID STEER, MID-TRAVEL VOLKSWAGEN DUNE BUGGY. 531-0883
FREE: WOOD FROM CUT CEDAR TREES. 793-9655
FOR SALE: 1979 CHEVY 1/2 TON PU, 1980 CHEVY PU, 1985 CHEVY PU 4WD, 77 CHEVY Blazers. 727-1310
FOR SALE: CASE 780 BACKHOE TRACTOR, DIRT SCRAPER LOADER, DIRT MOVER. 653-4913
FOR SALE: 3 ANTIQUE CHAIRS SPINDLE BACK W/CANE CHAIRS. 617-8141
FOR SALE: WHIRLPOOL DRYER, 2 TIRES 235/65/16, SLIDE-IN CAMPER. 639-1770
FOR SALE: SOFT TOP FOR A JEEP, SIDE STEPS. 257-8711
WANTED: SOMEONE TO DE-THATCH A YARD. 793-3870
FOR SALE: 2015 BUICK ENCORE (LOADED), 40″ CHINA HUTCH, TABLE W/4 CHAIRS. 797-5566
FOR SALE: KENMORE DRYER (WHITE). 786-5101
TRADING POST CLASSIFIED:
LOST: 6 MONTH OLD KITTEN IN THE AREA OF 21ST AND MONROE. TORTE COLORING, BLACK, BROWN AND ORANGE FUR. TURQUOISE COLLAR W/BLUE FLOWER. KITTEN'S NAME IS DORIS. 316-640-7941
HONOR YOUR HERO, BE A HERO AND DONATE BLOOD. THE AMERICAN RED CROSS BLOOD DRIVE WILL BE HELD AT THE VFW 3111 BINGO HALL 504 WASHINGTON ST. IN GREAT BEND THIS COMING SATURDAY FROM 9:30AM UNTIL 3:30PM
THANK YOU FOR LISTENING & HAVE A GREAT DAY
Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, attacked the release of the FISA memo, arguing that it does not serve the interests of America, “only Putin's.”
McCain said in a statement:
In 2016, the Russian government engaged in an elaborate plot to interfere in an American election and undermine our democracy. Russia employed the same tactics it has used to influence elections around the world, from France and Germany to Ukraine, Montenegro, and beyond. Putin's regime launched cyberattacks and spread disinformation with the goal of sowing chaos and weakening faith in our institutions. And while we have no evidence that these efforts affected the outcome of our election, I fear they succeeded in fueling political discord and dividing us from one another. The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests – no party's, no president's, only Putin's. The American people deserve to know all of the facts surrounding Russia's ongoing efforts to subvert our democracy, which is why Special Counsel Mueller's investigation must proceed unimpeded. Our nation's elected officials, including the president, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows. If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him.
The White House and the House Intelligence Committee released the FISA memo on Friday.
Last December it was revealed that it McCain who passed the Steele dossier to former FBI Director James Comey. McCain met with Andrew Wood in Halifax, Canada at the Halifax Security Forum in Canada in November 2016, and they discussed the dossier.
McCain had his associate David Kramer travel to London to meet with Steele and get briefed on the dossier. They arranged to get a hard copy of the dossier to McCain, and he gave it to Comey.
The memo describes how senior Department of Justice (DOJ) and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) officials used the unverified Trump dossier to obtain a surveillance warrant on Trump campaign staffer Carter Page. The memo also details how those senior officials in the DOJ and the FBI misled the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court on how the Trump dossier was actually opposition research funded by the Hillary Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee (DNC).
March 30 Elringklinger AG:
* Concludes 2016 financial year with strong final quarter
* Proposed dividend of 0.50 euros ($0.5378) per share which corresponds to payout ratio of 40 percent
* FY revenue up by 3.3 percent to 1.55 billion euros and by 4.7 perscent in organic terms
* Says guidance for 2017 organic revenue growth of 2 to 4 percentage points above global market growth
* Ebit margin before purchase price allocation around 9 to 10 percent
* FY group thus saw its net income (after non-controlling interests) fall to 78.6 million euros (91.6 million euros)
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9298 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
United Nations Special Advisor for Syria Jan Egeland (R) speaks during an interview with Reuters journalist Tom Miles during the fifth round of intra-Syrian talks in Geneva, Switzerland, March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Pierre Albouy
GENEVA Renewed U.S. interest in the Syrian war is welcome if it leads to a fresh U.S.-Russian push for a political solution, U.N. humanitarian adviser Jan Egeland said on Thursday after a weekly Syria humanitarian meeting.
"I hope that this is a watershed moment," Egeland told reporters in Geneva, two days after a suspected chemical weapons attack killed scores of civilians in the town of Khan Sheikhoun.
"With all of these world leaders saying again they have woken up to suffering of civilians that we see every day, I hope it is a re-birth of diplomacy, of humanitarian and political (efforts)," he said.
All participants at the U.N. meeting, which included regional and world powers but not Syria itself, had expressed outrage at the attack. But all of them needed to support efforts to bring the war to a peaceful end, he said.
"There are too many who are bringing fuel to this fire and too few who are pulling the parties to the negotiating table."
He said the U.N. had called on the United States, Russia, Turkey and Iran to push for 72-hour humanitarian ceasefires and aid access for besieged and hard-to-reach areas, including the 400,000 people trapped in eastern Ghouta near Damascus.
"Everybody agrees, including the Russians, that the situation there is very dire and that a special arrangement, a special agreement is needed for eastern Ghouta. Nobody wants another eastern Aleppo to be happening on our watch. We should learn from the horrific inability to help civilians there."
The U.N. wants the Syrian government to give the green light for aid convoys to supply 1 million civilians who are under siege or trapped in areas that are hard to reach with aid. It had approved only a third of the requests in full, and only conditionally approved another 40 percent, Egeland said.
The government was objecting to the U.N. estimates of civilian numbers, which Egeland said was a violation of an agreement on humanitarian aid struck at Vienna in May 2016.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad said in an interview published on Thursday that he saw no "option except victory".
Egeland said the battle was moving but it was not stopping.
“My answer back to him and to the opposition groups who also believe in a military solution is that after 6 years, one should have learned really that this will not have a military end, it will have a negotiated end. The violence will continue."
(Reporting by Tom Miles and Stephanie Nebehay; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
The FBI says an anti-government extremist wanted to replicate the darkest day in Oklahoma City's history.
Federal investigators say he planned to use a bomb to level a bank in downtown Oklahoma City.
Jerry Drake Varnell of Sayre was picked up over the weekend after an eight-month federal investigation. Authorities say he planned to level the BancFirst building downtown using the same type of bomb Timothy McVeigh used in 1995.
Court documents show he told a paid informant, "I'm out for blood."
Feds say Varnell tried to recruit people to help him. They went to the FBI and a paid informant got Varnell the materials he thought would make a bomb.
Last Friday night, investigators say, Varnell drove what he thought was a thousand pound bomb he made to the bank and tried to detonate it. "Where it was positioned within that loading dock in close proximity to those buildings it would cause severe damage to those buildings," said FBI Special Agent in Charge Raul Bujanda.
Feds say Varnell was not affiliated with any militia, political or terrorist group and they believe he acted alone.
Court documents show Varnell chose to detonate the bomb at night because, "Well I don't want to kill a bunch of people."
Rather, Varnell said he wanted to make a statement. He even wrote an explanation that would be put on social media after the explosion reading, "What happened in Oklahoma City was not an attack on America," and that, "Revolution is now."
"Our agents and task force partners spent countless hours working days and nights and weekends on this investigation to ensure our city did not have to endure another Oklahoma city bombing," Bujanda said.
Varnell appeared in federal court this afternoon. Before his appearance, he was smiling and joking with another inmate. But feds say this is no joking matter. If convicted, Varnell faces up to 20-years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
CTV Atlantic
New Brunswick's Emergency Measures Organization says there is no more chance of ice jams on the St. John River this spring and the threat of flooding is on the decline.
Spokesperson Robert Duguay says the Jemseg, N.B., area is the only stretch on the river now above flood stage, but the water is not high enough to threaten roads or homes.
“We don't have that issue pending anymore so it's more an issue to manage and monitor the water levels based on precipitation to come,” he said.
Snowfall and freezing rain warnings were in effect for northern areas of New Brunswick on Monday. Duguay says the weather forecast calls for precipitation for the rest of the week, but officials believe the river will be able to cope with the extra water.
“We'll wait to see what Friday will bring but between now and then we should be fine,” he said.
The riverside trails and parks in Fredericton remain underwater.
“We have to take little detours but it kind of makes it a great adventure,” said Fredericton resident Vronica Bradley.
An ice jam had been making its way down the St. John River throughout the long weekend. It had been held up at the Beechwood Dam, but the jam has now broken up and moved through.
Over the weekend, one person was evacuated after an ice jam in the Bathurst area caused minor flooding on a residential street. Duguay says water levels there have since subsided.
EMO says water levels in the Jemseg, N.B., area will be above the flood stage for the rest of the week. All other areas should remain below the flood stage, but vigilance is being urged.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Nick Moore and The Canadian Press.
ARLINGTON – Could you tell if this gun was real or fake?
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
That's the concern for Arlington Police who are seeing more and more fake weapons including this one which they say is one of the most realistic they've seen.
Arlington police say they've recovered ten BB guns, or real looking fake guns, used in crimes since January.
The fear is that there's no way an officer or citizen could quickly determine whether a gun is real or fake which could lead to a deadly consequence.
SAPPY diagloge, a sexy bedroom scene and lookalike actors ... a teaser for the TV movie about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's royal romance has finally dropped.
The Lifetime movie — titled Harry & Meghan: A Royal Romance — has caused a minor stir online because the bride-to-be and her fiance appear naked in bed in one scene, strategically covered with sheets.
The 20-second teaser trailer includes soap-worthy dialogue: “I don't need my life to be this perfect royal picture,” the actor playing Prince Harry said to his Suits star fiance.
“I just need you.”
British actor Murray Fraser, of The Loch, portrays the Prince and Jessica Jones actor Parisa Fitz-Henley appears as Markle.
Lifetime also made a TV movie about Wills and Kate in 2011, aptly titled William & Kate: The Movie.
Already, royal fans including swimsuit model Chrissy Teigen are eager to see it.
Harry and Megan are set to tie the knot on May 19 in what is being billed as the society wedding of the year.
The Lifetime movie about their romance will air in May in the UK and US. No Australian air-date has been announced.
Former Suits star Markle is no stranger to made-for-TV movies, having starred in two for US TV network, Hallmark.
“I think Hallmark is such an amazing network to work for,” Marke said previously, according to Vulture.
Camera Icon They're all covered! Lifetime has made telemovies about Kate and Wills, right, too. Picture: AFP Camera Icon Will Lifetime re-enact the couple's famous engagement wave? Picture: AP
“It's really heartwarming and affirming and validating. Especially in this day and age, it's so nice for families to be able to all watch programming together. With stories like this, it keeps it really light and easy. And it makes everybody feel good. At the end of a long day, that's what I want to watch!”
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
FILE PHOTO: Rugby Union - New Zealand All Blacks v British and Irish Lions - Lions Tour - Westpac Stadium, Wellington, New Zealand - July 1, 2017 New Zealand's Sonny Bill Williams reacts after being shown the red card.
WELLINGTON (Reuters) - All Blacks centre Sonny Bill Williams returned to the rugby field on Saturday after serving a four-match ban for picking up a red card during the British and Irish Lions test series.
The 32-year-old played about 60 minutes in an intra-squad game for his provincial side Counties-Manukau's 'B' side after his ban ended on Friday when the All Blacks played a warm-up game without him ahead of their Rugby Championship opener.
"Hopefully I put my best foot forward now by training hard and putting my hand up for selection," Williams told local media following the game in Pukekohe, south of Auckland.
"We'll see how we go. It's going to be a tough battle."
Williams had not played since July 1 after he was sent off in the second Lions test for a dangerous shoulder charge on winger Anthony Watson.
He is almost certain to return to the All Blacks' starting lineup for the Aug. 19 clash against Australia after initially being ruled out of the game by World Rugby.
The world governing body deemed that New Zealand's 'three-way' warm-up game against two provincial teams on Friday did not comply as a match and could not count as part of his suspension.
An independent judicial committee, however, upheld an appeal last week overturning the earlier decision.
World Rugby said at the time that while they respected the independent committee's decision they were "surprised by the... interpretation of the definition of 'match'".
The All Blacks beat Taranaki 57-7 in one half of the game on Friday before routing Counties 49-0 in the other, running in a total of 16 tries.
The world champions head to Sydney on Sunday to prepare for the Wallabies clash.
Scroll for more content...
(CNN) -- Rescue teams found all 12 boys and their coach alive in a cave in Thailand Monday, according to a high ranking person involved in the search and rescue operation. The group -- including boys between the ages of 11 and 16 years old -- had been missing for nine days.
Speech to Text for In The Paint 2/2 Pt. 1
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
stage tonight, as the indiana high school state touranent rolls on with sectional semfinal round this evening.... the sectional title games are all set for tomorrow... we have action from all six sectionals involving our wabash valley teams, plus a couple of boys games over in illinois at casey-westfield and marshall.... the sectional game of the night in 1a took place in the wabash valley.. as second ranked vincennes rivet took on number five loogootee.... the two faced each other in the semis at the loogootee sectional.... third quarter....one of rivet's star tia tolbert straight to the hole to give the lady a patriot a five-point advantage ... tea--ann-uh graber with a bullet to julianne bell for a jumper, loogootee hanging around... macee hamilton with a beautiful assist to molly niehaus for a rivet layup.... time winding down in the third tea--ann-uh graber bullseye from downtown....loo gootee down six... fourth quarter... rivet's two stars working together.... grace waggoner to tolbert... tolbert baseline and off glass for a tough hoop.... rivet wins this battle of ranked teams 44-27 .... grace waggoner had 19 points, 12 rebounds and was 15 of 16 from the free throw line in the win.... next up for vincennes rivet was the winner of the second semifinal at loogotee between barr-reeve and washington catholic .... freshman lindsey jerger with a putback for washington catholic... hannuhs fews with a nice catch in traffic ....she hits the floater for barr-reeve ... this barr-reeve team is young...sophom ore melissa wagler with the deep two.... nice passing by barr-reeve, they get it inside to another young player... sophomore kara hughes the hoop and harm..... barr-reeve wins 45-28 .....the lady vikings advance on to the sectional finals... if they're ranking wasn't convincing enough.. just check the scoreboard for class 3-a number 11 vincennes lincoln.. they're every bit the favorite to win the princeton sectional.. the alices opened the state tournament tuesday with a 36-point win over southridge.. tonight.. the alices looking to continue that dominance as they take on sullivan.. arrows down big, but check out this shot, by asia povlin, that's a deep 3, and it's all net. but, the alices, still in complete control of this one. abi haynes inside to lindsey sparks, and you're not going to stop her. lincoln up by more than 30.. back the other way, looks like the arrows have a layup, but freshman, maycee lange, says no no no.. then, alices on the run, and haynes the no-look dish, to payton sievers, who lays it in, the alices roll to another big win tonight.. vincennes lincoln beats sullivan 65-37.. a return to the title for the alices.. they'll face princeton for the sectional crown. [529]no 4 south vermillion west vigo-vo the 3-a sectional at owen valley pits west vigo against south vermillion.. the wildcats coming off the upset over northview.. the vikings hit 'em in the mouth early .. bailee elkins the corner three to put west vigo on the board first.. then good pass out of the double team .. kaylie meehan nails the open shot from the wing.. west vigo shooting well in this one.. on the other end.. wildcat freshman chloe rippy rattles it in from downtown.. and here comes south vee.. mallory hawkins likes the look of this one.. she pops the three and it's good.. hawkins goes for 23 points.. and this is part of it.. a steal on the inbounds.. over to hawkins for the and-one.. south vermillion gaining momentum.. the wildcats defeat west vigo 69-45 and they're moving on to the sectional finals.. as for their opponent in the title game.. that'll be the winner between 8th ranked owen valley and brown county.. in the 2nd quarter.. payton cattorini gets it underneath.. she puts a little english on it for the score.. cattorini scores 26 in the game.. later.. cattorini kicks out.. kara schafer rains down the three.. owen valley up by 10 at the half.. but brown county mounting a comeback.. gracie matlock the strong finish for the hoop.. that's make it a three point game late.. but the patriots come up with a couple of key takeaways down the stretch.. owen valley holds off a late eagles rally.. the 8th-ranked patriots defend the home floor with a 61-54 win.. they'll face south vermillion tomorrow night for the sectional title. that's five games down, will still have 10 more to get to... up next.. we'll check in on that north daviess and north vermillion sectionals ... in the paint, will be right back... [531]scoreboards-gfx
[India], July 4 (ANI): Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh on Wednesday asserted that the state government would wipe out the menace of drug abuse.
The chief minister wrote to Home Minister Rajnath Singh, recommending death penalty for first-time drug offenders.
"Have today written to Home Minister Rajnath Singh ji conveying my Government's recommendation for approving death penalty to drug-related-offenders on first conviction only. We are firm in our resolve to wipe out the menace of drug abuse from Punjab," Singh wrote on Twitter.
Yesterday, the Punjab Chief Minister had shared a video message on Twitter wherein he had warned the drug smugglers to give up or get ready to face stringent actions, even death penalty. On July 2, Singh had recommended to the Centre to formulate a law that awards death penalty to those convicted for drug peddling and smuggling, amid the growing drug menace in Punjab. Meanwhile, he had also said that they have set up a committee to look into the matter. "In last few days, there has been a spurt in deaths due to drugs. We've made a committee which is going to meet every day. On Mondays, I'm going to meet the committee to see what action has been taken during the week. What is happening here is unacceptable," the chief minister had said. Singh had earlier also acknowledged that drug menace is a major social problem of Punjab and that his party is going to take stringent actions in the regard. (ANI)
The Bremen Bureau of the Federal Office for Migration and Refugees grabbed the spotlight after it had allegedly granted asylum to hordes of refugees without properly reviewing their cases. Gerald Schneider, professor of international politics at the University of Konstanz and executive editor of European Union Politics, has given his take on this.
Sputnik: What is your take on the scandal surrounding the BAMF (Federal Office for Migration and Refugees) in Germany? Considering that asylum seekers have been illegally accepted for four years, how could it have happened especially since the issue of migration is so acute in Germany?
Gerald Schneider: The case in Bremen is just a tip of the iceberg; the problem run much deeper than that. I published an article one year ago together with a master's students here at the University of Konstanz and we discovered that asylum recognition is unequally applied throughout Germany.
© AFP 2018 / DPA / CARMEN JASPERSEN German Migration Office in Bremen Halts Asylum Decisions Until Graft Probe Ends
So, what we see are systematic differences between German lands. Some have high recognition rates like Bremen, but other ones have really low recognition rates, like Saxony. So, what we have in essence is cases of systematic positive discrimination like Bremen, but we also have cases of negative discrimination like some of the other states.
The political discussion now focuses largely on Bremen, which is understandable, but we should not forget that the chance of asylum seekers to get recognized as refugees is very unequal and that we also have systematic cases of negative discrimination.
Sputnik: I don't understand how could it have happened that unequally applied asylum could be taking place for years? Are there no bodies that are actually installed to oversee this?
Gerald Schneider: The Federal Office of Migration and Refugees is known to be badly run, insufficiently controlled, but this is happening in the centers where these decisions are made.
© AP Photo / Christian Mathiesen/dpa 50 Refugees Attack Police Officers at Migrant Center in Dresden
These centers are spread out all over the country, and the decision makers decide largely in isolation; and it's quite natural that they are influenced by the local political and socio-economic climate, which is much more open towards foreigners, for instance in Bremen, but a little bit more hostile in some lands like Saxony, which I mentioned beforehand.
Sputnik: I see, so it varies from region to region in the country.
Gerald Schneider: Exactly. But there is a federal law, a federal obligation, to treat these asylum seekers equally. Such differences should not exist on a systematic level.
Sputnik: Are the authorities aware of this?
Gerald Schneider: The authorities are aware of this. It's been one year since our study was published. There were several ‘interventions' in the German Bundestag, the federal parliament, which cited out study.
The Federal Office of Migration and Refugees denied that these differences are of a systematic nature, but now they acknowledge that these differences exist, and they make now one year too late, in my opinion, this kind of examination and they dig deep into the data.
The views and opinions expressed by the speaker do not necessarily reflect Sputnik's position.
READ MORE: Merkel Receives Catholic Award for Helping Refugees, Criticizes Trump
Rugby-Lions dance in background as NZ stay on toes against Samoa
AUCKLAND, June 15 The "dance in the background" was undoubtedly overshadowing the All Blacks test match against Samoa but coach Steve Hansen was at pains to ensure his side did not trip over their own feet during Friday's clash at Eden Park.
Zayen Williams is 14 and in need of a bone marrow transplant. (Photo source: Zonetta Williams)
A Pass Christian Masonic lodge hopes to be the link between a 14-year-old teen and a matching bone marrow donor.
Mexican Gulf Lodge #64 is hosting a bone marrow registry drive for Zayen Williams on October 21 from 10:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. The registration event will be held at Cigars in the Pass on Davis Ave.
Williams was diagnosed with severe aplastic anemia in 2015 after noticing chronic fatigue and heart palpitations. Despite multiple transfusions and trips to the hospital, a bone marrow transplant became Zayen's best option for recovery.
His family is searching for healthy donors between the ages of 18 and 44 to test.
The registration process is simple: all it takes is a cheek swab and some paperwork. Free lunch will be provided for those who agree to be tested.
As reported by BeTheMatch.org, patients are most likely to match someone with shared ancestry. Statistically, African-American patients have the lowest odds of finding a match. Through this event, the Masons of Pass Christian and the Williams family are dedicated to beating the odds.
For questions or additional information, email Jake Cook at mexicangulflodge64@gmail.com, or call 205-515-0380.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved.
April 13 LIC Housing Finance Ltd
* Says Vinay Shah has been appointed as managing director & CEO
* Says Vinay Shah has been appointed as MD & CEO in place of Sunita Sharma Source text - (bit.ly/2p9Cpl3) Further company coverage:
Hot off the heels of several wins at this year's AVN and XBIZ awards, JOANNA ANGEL is gearing up to take to the world by storm with her first novel-length work of fiction, NIGHT SHIFT: A CHOOSE-YOUR-OWN EROTIC FANTASY!
Already having received rave reviews from major media outlets like PUBLISHERS WEEKLY and FOREWORD REVIEWS as well as industry and non-industry creatives, this book is sure to make for an interesting event and promises to spark much more than just your tired, old book signing. A surprise is in store for attendees, as Joanna will be bringing the “Choose-Your-Own” aspect to life (in a, mostly, SFW way)! The only way to find out more and not miss out on the fun is to be there in person!
ABOUT THE BOOK
From the sinfully delicious mind of Joanna Angel, founder of adult company BurningAngel and award-winning adult actress and director, comes Night Shift: A Choose-Your-Own Erotic Fantasy!
After graduating from college, Taryn finds herself lost and uncertain of what to do next. With a self-imposed friendless and sexless life, Taryn unexpectedly winds up working the graveyard shift at Dreamz, a sex shop in Pasco County, Florida. Tucked into a seedy strip mall on the side of a highway, hilarious and erotic surprises lurk around every neon-lit corner.
Your mission: In a sketchy and sexy world filled with tissues, gallons of lube, sex toys, tiger print, and swinger parties, help Taryn choose her way as she learns what happens in this small, unexpectedly kinky town. From butt plugs to cross-dressing truckers to being held-up at gunpoint over dildos, experience this fun and sexy journey along with Taryn, as she goes from shy and sweet to skilled and empowered—but how she gets there is up to you!
CONFIRMED TOUR DATES
Barnes & Noble, The Grove – Los Angeles, CA – 2/13 – 7:00PM
Skylight Books – Los Angeles, CA – 2/14 – 7:30PM
The House of Scorpio Bookclub – Brooklyn, NY – 2/18 – 6:00PM
Bluestockings – New York, NY – 2/21 – 7:00PM
Atomic Books – Baltimore, MD – 2/24 – 7:00PM
Hustler Hollywood – Las Vegas, NV – 3/1 – 6:00PM
The Pleasure Chest – Los Angeles, CA – 3/13 – 8:00PM
Joanna is currently living in Los Angeles and is available for interview and comment, schedule depending. In addition to talking about her first book-length work of fiction, she is prepared to comment on sex, society, culture, gender identity… nothing is off limits!
In case you aren't sure, NIGHT SHIFT should be of interest to:
Anyone looking for THE PERFECT VALENTINE'S DAY FEATURE (Suggested reading for this upcoming Galentine's Day or fun, sexy reads for you and your man/woman to ENJOY TOGETHER)
Readers who are looking for something completely DIFFERENT and genuinely ENTERTAINING
People who are looking for a little something to warm themselves up this WINTER SEASON
FEMALE ENTREPRENEURS, as Joanna is a true renaissance woman and success story!
PRAISE FOR NIGHT SHIFT
“Night Shift takes a “come one, come all” approach to erotica. It includes diverse body types, couplings, fetishes, and toys: nothing g is off limits. Angel…takes a wonderfully open-minded approach to her material. Drawing from a broad palette of preferences, she has created a book that is truly special and unusual. Night Shift is candy sweet and easy to enjoy erotica in a lively, explorable format. [Five Stars]”
— Foreword Reviews
“In this engaging book, the reader helps Taryn along on her kinky journey. What will happen next? Who will she meet? Where will she go? Through interactive “choose your own adventure” style scenarios, you're able to create your very own erotica book.”
— Stylecaster
“It shouldn't come as a surprise that an innovator like Joanna Angel has excelled at a chose-your-own erotic fantasy novel. Whether you read her book with one hand or two, you're going to learn something about yourself.”
— Spencer Ackerman, senior national security correspondent, The Daily Beast
“Angel brings her adult film star cred to print with a set of giddily gleeful, empowerment-oriented, and mostly female-centered vignettes about the blossoming of a lonely novelty store employee, all strung together in a story-game format. This interactive story is a fun way to enjoy a smorgasbord of sex scenes.”
— Publishers Weekly
“If Daniel Clowes wrote a sex novel, it might turn out something like Night Shift. A delightfully quirky and very hot read rife with Joanna Angel's signature, sweetly crackling wit.”
— Peter Warren, Adult Video News
“This is the funniest porn-adjacent thing I've ever read. Subtly informative and highly comedic.”
— Stoya, pornographer
“Joanna Angel keeps reinventing herself. She's now added ‘writer of interactive fiction' to her already impressive bag of tricks. Always sex-positive, always fun, always righteous—Joanna is a fearless woman who always chooses her own adventure.”
— Gustavo Turner, Los Angeles artist and writer
“Like Joanna herself, Night Shift is fun, sexy, and full of surprises! No matter which adventure you choose, Joanna Angel is guaranteed to take you on an amazing—and sexy—ride!”
— Mike Tully, co-host, The Jason Ellis Show
“Night Shift does more than simply facilitate erotic escapism. Joanna Angel is a brilliant writer who explores deep subject matter such as gender and sexual identity, acceptance and rejection, while remaining funny, optimistic and sex-positive. This book will touch you while you touch yourself.”
— Angela White, award-winning adult performer and director
“”Joanna Angel pulls the curtain back on what happens in those peep show booths and he fantasies is even naughtier and salacious than anyone could have ever imagined. I found myself eating morning-after pills like popcorn as the carnality intensified with each chapter choice. After giving an entire generation calluses with her films she has mastered sensual paper cuts of pleasure like a true sadist.”
— Chris Neiratko, author of Vice's Skinema
JOANNA ANGEL is an adult film star, director, producer, author, and owner of the BurningAngel Empire, the company known for the emergence and prevalence of tattooed women in the adult film industry. Angel started her business in a college dorm room at Rutger's University in 2002, and today the company has a network of websites, hundreds of DVDs to its credit, and over 50 adult industry awards including Best Pornstar Website, Best Comedy, and many more. In 2016 Angel was the host of the Adult Video News (AVN) Awards show, and was also inducted into AVN and the American X-Rated Critics Organization's (XRCO) hall of fame. Angel has appeared in every major adult magazine (Adult Video News, Club, Hustler, Picture Magazine, and Penthouse to name a few), and was the first tattooed centerfold in Hustler. She has stormed mainstream TV and radio outlets, been featured on CNBC, Vice TV, G4TV, KROQ Radio, SIRIUS Radio, TLC's LA Ink, and had a speaking role on Adult Swim's Children's Hospital. Angel has appeared in the New York Times, Newsweek, The Village Voice, Forbes Magazine, New York Press, Esquire UK, Details, and is a regular columnist for AskMen.com. Heeb Magazine featured Joanna as their cover girl, naming her one of the “Top 100 Up-and-Coming Jews.” The New York Post featured her as one of the “Top 25 Sexiest New Yorkers,” and she has made CNBC's yearly “dirty dozen” (a list of the twelve biggest adult film stars) several times.
Wednesday marks the first day in University of Tennessee Chancellor Beverly Davenport's term. She is the eighth chancellor in the university…
Nassau – Bahamas Press sources in the health department have now confirmed one case of confirmed TB.
Here is a report you will only get on Bahamas Press. This morning health officials arrived at Centreville House to begin screenings for persons who might be exposed to the virus.
Those screenings by Department of Public Health officers began on the ground floor of the building.
BP can confirm the individual contracted with TB is an employee who works for a Government Department at the building, and had been in hospital with a confirmed case for the past two weeks. WHAT IN DA HELL IS DIS?
No word from the Minister or the media has come on this breaking report. No communication has been advised to Parliament and well from what we know perhaps the public will not get wind of these developments until next week.
Minister of Health Dr. Duane Sands emphasised a few days ago the low rates of the disease in the country. This came after a report of a possible case at the University of the Bahamas.
Early in January, health officials screened more than 3,000 residents in Eleuthera for TB. On January 16, the Minister said that while there are over 100 confirmed cases of TB on Eleuthera, but added that less than four of these are “active”. Those persons were admitted to hospital and treated.”
We report yinner decide!
SOCHI, Russia McLaren's beleaguered engine partners Honda are talking to several teams about a possible supply for next season, the Japanese manufacturer's Formula One chief Yusuke Hasegawa said on Friday.
"We are talking to various teams but at this moment unfortunately we have nothing to say here," he told reporters at the Russian Grand Prix.
Media speculation has pointed at Sauber, currently using 2016-specification Ferrari power units, as the leading candidates to switch to Honda engines but there has been no official confirmation from the Swiss-based team.
Sauber, one of the sport's longest-standing teams, and former world champions McLaren is the only two outfits yet to score a point after three races this year.
McLaren has an exclusive deal with Honda at present but Hasegawa said the company had always been committed to supporting the sport as a whole.
"So from that point of view it is duty and we have to support multiple teams," he said.
"Also we are thinking it will give us some benefit to have multiple teams as we will have more data and more chance to make the car running, so we don't deny having a second or third team."
Honda have been facing a wave of negative headlines after their revived partnership with McLaren, with whom they enjoyed a period of domination in the late 1980s and early 1990s, failed to live up to expectations.
McLaren, who have not won a race since 2012, linked up with Honda in 2015 but finished ninth that year and sixth last season.
Honda started 2017 with high hopes of cutting the gap between them and Mercedes, Ferrari and Renault but instead have found themselves even further behind.
Belgian rookie Stoffel Vandoorne is facing a 15-place grid penalty for Sunday's race in Sochi after exceeding his season's allocation of some power unit components after just three of 20 races.
"It is clearly a strained relationship but actually it's a very strong relationship and I think things like this tend to bring you close together," said McLaren's engineering director Matt Morris.
"I think one of our biggest disappointments was that we weren't expecting to have all the reliability issues that we've had and that took some swallowing.
"Honda have set themselves some pretty bold targets for this year which, if they deliver on, then it'll be a very different story, because I think we've got a decent chassis under us."
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
April 28 The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The Times
Barclays Plc has been dealt another blow over the future of its embattled chief executive after a corporate governance firm advised shareholders not to back his re-election to the board. bit.ly/2qdvJ63
Andy Duncan is to resign as chief executive of Camelot, the company that runs the National Lottery, because he did not want to commit himself to leading it through the next licence application. bit.ly/2qdKK7X
The Guardian
Low-income working families face significant reductions in income as a result of planned cuts to benefits, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies. bit.ly/2qdkZ7N
Britain's carmakers have warned that they do not believe a trade deal with the EU will be struck within the next two years and are "sitting on their hands" rather than investing in the UK. bit.ly/2qdl5fF
The Telegraph
Vauxhall had a "reckless disregard for safety" by letting people drive its Zafira cars which it knew were unsafe and could catch fire, according to a parliamentary report. bit.ly/2qdyF2r
An investor backlash over pay intensified on Thursday as shareholders fired warning shots at a string of Britain's biggest businesses led by drugmaker AstraZeneca Plc and power provider Aggreko Plc. bit.ly/2qddSfk
Sky News
M&S Group Plc is to trial an online grocery shopping service to deliver food to customers' homes for the first time. The retailer's boss Steve Rowe said the company needed to be ready to respond to changing shopping habits. bit.ly/2qdkmLz
Sandwich and coffee chain Pret A Manger is "reaching out" to British job applicants as it looks to plug a looming recruitment gap caused by Brexit, its boss said. bit.ly/2qdlqPt
The Independent
Persimmon Plc, the house builder that infamously once constructed a garage not wide enough to fit a family car, has pushed through an executive pay plan that is extreme even by the standards of corporate Britain. ind.pn/2qdz0Cf (Compiled by Ismail Shakil in Bengaluru)
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen her 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from her family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen her 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from her family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
Hawaii Gov. David Ige has signed legislation that will ban the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs.
Hawaii Gov. David Ige has signed legislation that will ban the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs.
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
Court documents say a 10-year-old Southern California boy was tortured for days, starved, beaten, dropped on his head and slammed into furniture before he died last month.
Court documents say a 10-year-old Southern California boy was tortured for days, starved, beaten, dropped on his head and slammed into furniture before he died last month.
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans.
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans.
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and his extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and his extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
Nearly 1,700 Puerto Rican hurricane evacuee families living in hotels across the U.S. can stay there through at least July 23.
Nearly 1,700 Puerto Rican hurricane evacuee families living in hotels across the U.S. can stay there through at least July 23.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
After two men agreed to plea deals in a California warehouse fire that killed 36 partygoers, the focus will shift to lawsuits.
After two men agreed to plea deals in a California warehouse fire that killed 36 partygoers, the focus will shift to lawsuits.
(KGO-TV via AP, File). FILE - This Dec. 3, 2016, file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland, Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept plea bargain prison ...
(KGO-TV via AP, File). FILE - This Dec. 3, 2016, file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland, Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept plea bargain prison ...
Little Ruya Kadir was a refugee in a strange land when she arrived in Boise at six months old.
Little Ruya Kadir was a refugee in a strange land when she arrived in Boise at six months old.
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows his daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at her birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows his daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at her birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic moves through the Lincoln Tunnel from New Jersey en route to New York City. New Jersey towns along the busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York ...
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic on Route 495 enters the Lincoln Tunnel en route to New York City, in Weehauken, N.J. New Jersey towns along the busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into ...
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
By DAVID PORTER
Associated Press
WEEHAWKEN, N.J. (AP) - With a lengthy highway construction project looming that could turn one of the Northeast's worst traffic bottlenecks into the stuff of post-apocalyptic fiction, local officials whose towns could be overrun by frustrated motorists say they're still in the dark on some aspects of the plan.
When lanes will be closed on the busy Route 495 viaduct connecting the New Jersey Turnpike to the Lincoln Tunnel is one unanswered question. In recent weeks the state Department of Transportation has said its $90 million project to rebuild the bridge and roadway will require closing a lane in each direction beginning in "mid-summer."
On Tuesday, a department of transportation spokesman said it would be "later this summer." Several local officials involved with discussions with the department said community outreach efforts are still underway and questions linger about handling traffic overflow, an indication the start could be some time away.
The pothole-ridden 80-year-old viaduct cuts through parts of Secaucus, North Bergen, Union City and Weehawken and accommodates more than 150,000 motorists daily. Local officials acknowledged the need to replace the bridge structure, which is considered structurally deficient and functionally obsolete. But some expressed concerns about logistics.
Weehawken Mayor Richard Turner, whose town squats over the entrance to the tunnel, said he hasn't been given a firm starting date for the lane closures, and has yet to meet with top state transportation officials about the project, though he expects that will happen soon.
"We're very concerned about the impact on traffic, and the resulting traffic jams on our local streets," Turner said. "We are extremely concerned about emergency vehicles getting through."
Turner noted that on a Saturday last month, a delay on Route 495 leaving New York left traffic at a standstill and forced many motorists onto the cramped streets of his town and others. That doesn't bode well for traffic during the bridge reconstruction, when the lanes will be closed 24/7, he said.
"I can't imagine what is going to happen on a weekday," Turner said.
According to the department's website, the work can't be performed solely during nighttime hours because the nature of the bridge work makes it impossible to replace portions each night and then allow traffic back on it during the daytime.
The department's plan includes detours for cars and trucks using Routes 1 and 9 northbound and southbound, where ramps from 495 will be closed off. That is likely to clog streets in Secaucus in a part of town that is home to outlets and big-box stores.
Turner and Secaucus Mayor Michael Gonnelli both said the state hasn't committed to reimbursing their towns for police overtime that likely will be required for traffic management.
Gonnelli said the traffic overload has the potential to be "a nightmare either way."
"We're downstream from where this is happening, but we are affected anytime something happens, and we're affected badly," he said. "I try to take my wife out to eat on a Friday night, and you can't get out of town."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Scroll for more content...
When I was a homicide prosecutor in the Brooklyn District Attorney's office, my most challenging assignment was "riding" homicide cases. I'd get paged (often in the middle of the night) and a patrol car would pick me up and take me to the grisly scene of a recent murder.
If a suspect was in custody, it was my job to evaluate the evidence and authorize an arrest if one could be legally supported. I had to be careful because the case would be mine to prosecute before a jury. A mistake would put an innocent suspect in prison while the true murderer roamed free. The stakes were high.
Sometimes in cases of all kinds, as in the Carter Page matter currently at the center of the controversy over a GOP memo on FBI surveillance, a search or surveillance warrant requiring the approval of a judge is required to gather critical evidence.
I remember one night knocking on the door of an elegant Brooklyn Heights townhouse seeking such a warrant from a tough, respected judge at approximately one in the morning. I had tried many murder cases before this judge and I was hopeful she would grant a search warrant in my case. She looked a little angry when answering the door in her bathrobe with cigarette and scotch in hand.
After berating me for bothering her at such an hour, she scrutinized my warrant application. It was based on the observations of a drug addict who claimed to have seen the defendant return to his apartment gun in hand after the murder and then leave without the gun shortly thereafter. The addict was known to the cops and had provided reliable information in the past.
The judge wasn't happy about the quality of my witness, but she had been around long enough to know that witnesses in criminal cases often have credibility problems themselves. She granted us the warrant. A search of the suspect's apartment led to a recovered murder weapon and a conviction.
I learned that night that search and surveillance warrants are often issued on information supplied by even the sketchiest of sources. Unlike the street addicts whose testimony often sends criminal defendants to prison for life, the now-notorious Christopher Steele -- a former British intelligence agent -- appears to be, by comparison, a seasoned professional highly adept at gathering reliable information.
Even assuming all the claims in the Nunes memo are true, the grounds supporting issuance and reissuance of the FISA warrants were easily met. The FISA statute, designed to deal with national security issues, permits the secret court to authorize surveillance of a US person if there is probable cause that the person is an "agent of a foreign power...knowingly engag[ing]... in clandestine intelligence activities."
Although the activities might be "spying" for a foreign power, there is no explicit requirement of criminality needed to get a warrant as in a conventional criminal case. The number and suspicious nature of Carter Page's activities and contacts with Russian operatives during the Trump campaign would have caused any reasonable judge to issue a surveillance warrant. Page, a former Trump foreign policy adviser, denies having any illegal interactions with Russian officials.
The Supreme Court has stated that the issuance of a search warrant can be supported by the "totality of the circumstances" presented to the court at the time a warrant is issued.
The Nunes memo glaringly omits any revelation of what other supporting information might have been submitted to the FISA judge, choosing instead to focus on cherry-picked alleged omissions.
Many of the other criticisms hyped in the memo may not even be relevant at all. For instance, the claim that the judge was informed that Steele was paid by a named US citizen was accurate. The court was free to to ask the assistant US attorney submitting the Steele information any questions about whether others were involved in the payments. Nothing, incidentally, is revealed about questions from the judge.
Other points raised in the memo are interesting background material but would not render the surveillance warrant to be illegal in any way. There was no illegality in Steele talking to the press (Yahoo in this case) or even in the fact that he disliked Trump. That sentiment seems to be shared by a majority of the American public as the President in his first year earned historically low approval ratings.
It certainly would not require disqualification of an FBI source if the "totality of the circumstances" supported the warrant application.
The rest of the Nunes memo's criticisms that were purportedly earth-shattering, Watergate-like revelations are equally empty claims. The fact that the Steele dossier was "salacious and unverified" doesn't mean that the portions of it relating to Carter Page were untrue. The surveillance was authorized so that law enforcement authorities could confirm or deny through other evidence the accuracy of the claims against Page.
This was a case in its investigatory stage, not the finished product. Fusion GPS demonstrates the good sense to turn the Steele material over to the FBI ... in essence making a 911 call ... because as the Department of Homeland Security likes to remind us, "If you see something, say something."
The dossier on the President, whether true or false, could subject him to blackmail by foreign powers. The FBI was correct in telling the President about the threat, even if "salacious and unverified."
If there is anything shocking in the Nunes memo, it can be found in its faulty reasoning, writing and sourcing. The American public needs to know the "totality of circumstances" presented to the FISA judge in order to fairly evaluate the conduct of the DOJ and the FBI.
If I had presented such a document to that Brooklyn Heights judge so many years ago, she would have thrown me out of her house with no warrant and a stern reprimand. Congressman Nunes and his fellow Republicans deserve the same.
A DRIVER making his way from Adelaide across the border into New South Wales has been recorded allgedly driving more than 50km/h over the speed limit with his two young daughters in the car.
The NSW highway patrol based out of Dareton detected the driver on the Sturt Highway between Euston and Balranald at 4.50pm on Saturday.
The 30-year-old man was driving east from Adelaide at 162km/h in a 110km/h zone.
When asked by officers about the excessive speed the man answered: “I thought I had cruise set at about 130”.
He had his two young daughters aged 2 and 4 in the vehicle with him.
He was issued a penalty notice for $2384, his license suspended for six months and the registration plates seized.
Police allowed the man to drive to Balranald because of the isolation of where he was stopped, lack of mobile reception and the age of the children in the car with him.
Actress Brigitte Nielsen announced on Instagram that she is pregnant with her fifth child at the age of 54.
The Rocky IV actress posted two photos on Instagram showing off her baby bump. Nielsen, who is also known for roles in movies such as Red Sonja and Beverly Hills Cop II, also worked as a model for legendary designers such as Giorgio Armani, Gianni Versace and Gianfranco Ferré.
“Family getting larger #me #family #brigittenielsen #babybump,” one of the captions said.
Nielsen is married to 39-year-old Mattia Dessi, a producer.
Nielsen has been married five times and has four sons, according to People Magazine. Her sons are 23, 25, 28 and 34.
A US Air Force B-1B supersonic bomber has apparently successfully test-fired two sensorized missiles developed by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) to provide enhanced surface attack options.
Lockheed Martin announced May 23 that the two Long-Range Anti-Ship (LRASM) missiles fired by the B-1B Lancers struck their targets successfully. "The missiles navigated through all planned waypoints, transitioned to mid-course guidance and flew toward the moving maritime target using inputs from the onboard sensors," the company said in a news release.
© Sputnik / Vladimir Fedorenko Russian Military Developing Long-Range Supersonic Missile-Lobbing Drone
The air-fired missiles are designed to be relatively autonomous once fired, able to track and strike ships with reduced reliance on intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance platforms, which sometimes can be hard to come by for the US Navy in areas such as the Pacific Ocean.
During April testimony before the US Congress, US Pacific Command (PACOM) nominee Admiral Philip Davidson said, "PACOM only has about a quarter of the [intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance] it needs in the AOR," or area of responsibility.
Lockheed Martin has a requirement to integrate the 2,200 to 4,500-pound missile onto the US Air Force's B-1B by 2018 and the US Navy's F/A-18 Super Hornet by 2019, according to a DARPA fact sheet.
"With the growth of maritime threats in anti-access/area denial environments, this semi-autonomous, air-launched anti-ship missile promises to reduce dependence on external platforms and network links in order to penetrate sophisticated enemy air-defense systems," the fact sheet notes.
© AP Photo / Alik Keplicz Pentagon Debuts Problem-Ridden JASSM Missiles in Syria Attack (PHOTO)
The basic framework of the missile follows that of the Joint Air-to Surface Standoff Missile-Extended Range (JASSM-ER). The LRASM is a subsonic missile like the JASSM-ER; however, the LRASM has a shorter range because of its extra sensors that help "discriminate between targets," according to DARPA and Breaking Defense. In 2012, the US military cancelled an LRASM-B program that would have competed with the BrahMos missile, developed by India and Russia.
While the JASSM and Tomahawk missile "are used against fixed, land-based targets," security expert John Pike told Sputnik News Wednesday, "LRASM has [a] terminal homing seeker the others lack."
"A long time ago there was some interest in an anti-ship variant of Tomahawk," the missile fired by US Navy vessels against Syria's Shayrat air base in April 2017, "but nothing came of it," said Pike, a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
May 3 Marathon Gold Corp
* Marathon Gold announces $15 million bought deal offering of common shares and flow-through shares
* Says underwriters to purchase 8 million flow-through common shares of company at price of $1.25 per flow-through share
* Marathon Gold - Intends to use net proceeds of offering of common shares to continue exploration and development of Valentine Lake Gold Project
* Says underwriters will purchase 4.85 million common shares of company at a price of $1.03 per common share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
Fujitsu PrimeFlex achieves VMware and Microsoft certification
Fujitsu has announced the completion of VMware and Microsoft certification across its line-up of PrimeFlex integrated systems for hyperconverged infrastructure (HCI) based on the latest Fujitsu PRIMERGY M4 server range.
This gives customers moving to HCI or scaling an existing deployment the guarantee that Fujitsu's configurations for software-defined storage are fully supported by two market-leading software providers.
HCI is particularly effective in handling scale-out workloads, providing extra capacity where demand for compute and storage resources rises and falls in tandem. A popular use case in this context is the deployment of virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI), where usage of compute and storage resources typically follows a similar curve.
By choosing software-certified, pre-configured and pre-integrated Fujitsu PrimeFlex servers, customers can achieve the benefits of VDI, as well as other HCI use cases, more quickly, at lower total cost of ownership (TCO), and with minimal risk.
Specific software certification is assured through a choice of three integrated systems: PrimeFlex for VMware vSAN, PrimeFlex for VMware Cloud Foundation, and PrimeFlex for Microsoft Storage Spaces Direct. PrimeFlex for VMware vSAN and PrimeFlex for Microsoft Storage Spaces Direct can be deployed in remote and branch office (ROBO) environments, for example, providing an easy-to-scale architecture with simplified integration, automatic discovery of new compute and storage resources, and the elimination of external backup in remote locations.
In the case of PrimeFlex for VMware vSAN, Fujitsu has achieved component certification, which validates all the single hardware components inside its server systems as compatible with VMware vSAN software. It has also achieved system-level certification via vSAN Ready Nodes, specifying requirements for complete systems with different sizings of disk capacity, CPU or memory.
Certification for PrimeFlex for Microsoft Storage Spaces Direct is also at the level of both single components inside a system and for complete systems (WSSD Premium). With certification at both the component and system levels for VMware and Microsoft, customers have complete reassurance about the reliability of Fujitsu's PrimeFlex integrated servers when used with software from these important vendors.
Fujitsu now also supports all-flash VMware vSAN server configurations in PrimeFlex for VMware Cloud Foundation, giving users significantly higher I/O performance.
CNN twisted the Charlottesville victim's mother's statement thanking President Donald Trump for his sympathy to make it seem that she would not want his condolences.
Susan Bro, the mother of Heather Heyer, released a statement on Monday thanking President Trump for kind words condemning violence and giving his condolences to the victims of the Charlottesville incident over the weekend. Heather Heyer passed away after a man drove his car into a crowd of counterprotesters to the “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, this past Saturday.
advertisement
Bro said in a statement, “Thank you, President Trump, for those words of comfort and for denouncing those who promote violence and hatred. My condolences, also, to their grieving families of the two state troopers and quick recovery for those injured.”
Susan Bro, mother of Charlottesville attack victim Heather Heyer, thanks Pres. Trump for "denouncing those who promote violence and hatred" pic.twitter.com/E46OnwE5fW — NBC News (@NBCNews) August 14, 2017
On Monday, President Trump condemned violence and hatred in the strongest terms and specifically named Heather Heyer during his press conference.
President Trump said, “Her death fills us with grief and we send her family our thoughts, our prayers, and our love.”
Meanwhile, CNN alleged that Susan Bro was no fan of President Trump and would not want his condolences, citing one of Bro's friends.
Bro's friend, Marisa Blair, said on CNN, “Heather would not want his condolences. She would not want him to speak her name.”
President Donald Trump attacked CNN's fake news reporting on Monday, charging that the media will never be satisfied with his remarks to the victims of violence.
A nurse's Facebook rant about the "cesspool of funky flu" in emergency room waiting areas is getting a lot of attention. According to Katherine Lockler, 25 to 30 people often sit for hours in hospital waiting rooms as the worst cases get treated first.
"Wash your stinking hands," Lockler says in a six-minute video that's been viewed 4.8 million times since she recorded it in frustration after a 12-hour shift during this particularly nasty flu season.
The mother of four works in several emergency rooms in the Pensacola area in Florida's Panhandle.
"Some of them are not true emergencies, but they're waiting along with the flu right next to them. So guess what? Five flus came in, 15 flus walk out. It's great," she said sarcastically. "They'll be back."
Lockler told the Pensacola News Journal her intent was not just to vent, but to offer a constructive message from a health care professional's perspective.
"The biggest problem for me was seeing people come in to visit, and not only being exposed to this awful flu virus, but not taking the correct precautions to get themselves disinfected before going out in the world," Lockler said.
She said she's getting responses from around the world to the video she titled "After Work Thoughts." In it, she says the flu is spreading like "wildfire," and offers suggestions for staying healthy. She demonstrates the "magic trick" of sneezing or coughing into the crook of an arm to avoid getting germs on your hands. Then she repeats it, in slow motion.
"My sleeve got the germs, my hands didn't," she said, holding up her hand. "It's amazing to watch how many people come through the emergency room, sneeze in their hands and -- I watch -- no one grabs the hand sanitizer."
Lockler shares ER horror stories, like the father who let his baby crawl on the floor, and the softball coach who brought his whole team.
"If you have a team member from your softball team who is sick or injured, you do not bring the entire softball team in to check on them. Because guess what?" Lockler said. "You just got 15 new vectors, or carriers of the flu by them all walking in. Which I watched them all walk in last night, see their friend, and not touch the hand sanitizer. Not once!"
In fact, if you aren't sick, just stay home, she advises.
"So, don't bring your team in. Please don't bring your healthy children, especially your newborn babies, into the emergency," she said. "If you don't have what I call a true emergency, this would not be the time to come to the emergency room."
Federal health officials said Friday 15 more children died of the flu over the past week and more states are reporting high levels of illness. In a briefing Friday, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said the flu outbreak is responsible for a total of at least 53 child deaths so far this season.
According to CDC Acting Director Dr. Anne Schuchat, there are most likely several weeks left of increasing flu activity this season.
The CDC continues to recommend people get flu shots, even though the vaccine's effectiveness is lower than in some years.
Saturn's rings display their subtle colours in a view captured by NASA's Cassini spacecraft.
The particles that make up the rings range in size from smaller than a grain of sand to as large as mountains, and are mostly made of water ice.
The exact nature of the material responsible for bestowing colour on the rings remains a matter of intense debate among scientists.
Images taken using red, green and blue spectral filters were combined to create this natural colour view.
Cassini's narrow-angle camera took the images at a distance of approximately 2,05-million kilometres from the centre of the rings.
The Cassini spacecraft ended its mission on 15 September 2017
Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute
US Tries to Cover Up Own Arms Control Violations by Accusing Others - Moscow
Moscow categorically rejects the US accusations of violations of arms control agreements aimed at other countries, the Russian foreign ministry said on Tuesday.
The Russian foreign ministry said Tuesday that Washington attempts to conceal its own violations of arms control agreements by putting the blame on other countries.
Claims by the US that Moscow is revising its posture on the role of nuclear weapons are not true, the ministry noted, saying that Washington is deliberately distorting provisions of Russia's nuclear doctrine.
DETAILS TO FOLLOW
Saying that the continents share a 'common destiny,' Macron outlines his vision to solve the thorny issue shaking the European Union, saying it can only be solved in the 'long run' by Africa
Published 11:34 PM, July 04, 2018
LAGOS, Nigeria – French President Emmanuel Macron on Wednesday, July 4, called for Africa and Europe to reach a "win-win" solution to migration during an address to 300 young entrepreneurs on the second day of his visit to Nigeria.
Saying that the continents share a "common destiny," Macron outlined his vision to solve the thorny issue shaking the European Union, saying it can only be solved in the "long run" by Africa.
"We have to work with African governments," said Macron, addressing the crowd at an upmarket hotel in Lagos, the commercial hub of Nigeria.
"For me the sustainable answer is not just security," said Macron, adding that people were leaving peaceful countries including Senegal, Ivory Coast and Nigeria because of "a lack of hope, a lack of opportunities."
"These people, given the magnitude of this wave, cannot be accepted, at least, not all of them," said Macron. "We need more Africans to succeed in Africa."
The French leader reiterated the need to control a booming population in the continent where countries have a birth rate as high as "7, 8 children" and to fight against smugglers "who have close links with terrorists in the Sahel."
Microphone in hand, Macron has become adept in this town hall setting on trips abroad, first tested in Ouagadougou and honed in New Delhi, Washington and Aachen.
Earlier, he inaugurated the Alliance Francais, a cultural centre in Lagos, housed in a renovated colonial villa and launched in partnership with Mike Adenuga, a Nigerian billionaire who made his fortune in oil, telecommunications and services.
The Alliance Francais network, which includes 832 schools for more than 500,000 students, "makes it possible to spread French culture around the world", said Macron.
The influence of the French language is low in Nigeria despite being surrounded by Francophone countries, said the director of the Alliance Francais in Lagos, adding that "the potential is enormous." – Rappler.com
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
NEW BEDFORD, Mass. (WLNE) — A fire in New Bedford left a dozen tenants searching for a new place to live weeks before Christmas.
Flames broke out at a home on Nelson Street at approximately 1:30 p.m. Sunday.
Firefighters told ABC6 News that the fire started in a 3rd floor apartment and quickly spread to the attic.
The tenants of the apartment building made it out safe.
The American Red Cross is helping seven people while the others are staying with family.
The fire remains under investigation.
©WLNE-TV /ABC6 2017
A new election must be held to choose a President of the Association of National Olympic Committees of Africa (ANOCA) after the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) upheld an appeal by Cameroon's Hamad Kalkaba Malboum.
Kalkaba was controversially disqualified from standing in last year's election by the ANOCA Executive Committee after being accused of bribery and illegally using the Government in Cameroon to campaign on his behalf.
Ivorian Lassana Palenfo was consequently re-elected by acclamation for a fourth term in office at the ANOCA General Assembly held in Djibouti on May 10 last year.
A full CAS verdict seen by insidethegames reveals ANOCA themselves conceded during the hearing last month in Lausanne that "no evidence existed to support the conclusion that Mr Malboum [Kalkaba] has paid bribes to 'buy' votes for the election" and that the decision was "affected by procedural defects, since the organ competent to issue the decision was - according to the ANOCA statues - the General Assembly".
Several other faults with the process were raised by Kalkaba's defence to CAS.
This included "cherry-picked" evidence and conflicts of interest because Palenfo himself primarily chaired the ANOCA Executive Committee "hearing" at which his opponent was found guilty.
Both sides then issued a joint request for CAS to conclude that Kalkaba's appeal be upheld.
"The decision adopted by the Executive Committee of ANOCA on May 6, 2017 is annulled and all sanctions against Mr Malboum [Kalkaba] are expunged," the CAS verdict added.
"ANOCA shall comply with the resolution passed at its Extraordinary General Assembly on November 3, 2017 and a new election for President (open to all candidates) shall take place in accordance with ANOCA statutes."
Lassana Palenfo has led ANOCA since 2005 ©Getty Images
ANOCA must also pay CHF8,000 (£6,000/$8,000/€7,000) to cover the costs of Kalkaba's appeal and defence.
The CAS panel, chaired by Italy's Luigi Fumagalli, also ruled that the appellant was entitled to damages to account for the loss he suffered both financially and in terms of his reputation.
Kalkaba revealed, however, he would not be seeking any financial compensation because he is "strongly committed to improving sport in Africa, which includes seeking increased funding for sport".
He, therefore, "did not wish to ask this CAS panel to award damages".
It follows a tumultuous 12 months after the decision to exclude Kalkaba was not communicated to the ANOCA General Assembly, leading to a complaint from Djibouti National Olympic Committee President and International Olympic Committee (IOC) member Aicha Garad Ali.
This eventually resulted in a special meeting held after the Association of National Olympic Committees (ANOC) General Assembly in Prague in November, attended by Kuwait's ANOC President Sheikh Ahmad Al-Fahad Al-Sabah and Spain's IOC deputy director general Pere Miró.
It was decided there that Palenfo will remain as President of ANOCA but would relinquish all operational functions and office duties to the Executive Committee.
South African IOC member Sam Ramsamy was appointed chair of a three-person committee commissioned to "review all ANOCA operations and propose reforms to the General Assembly" by the end of March - although no updates have since been given.
Behind the scenes, however, the CAS verdict details months of bickering between the respective sides in a case initially between Kalkaba and Palenfo directly.
Areas of disagreement included whether the arbitration be conducted in English - as Kalkaba successfully sought - or in French.
It was eventually ruled by CAS that ANOCA was the rightful respondent, rather than Palenfo, although the Ivorian initially still represented the continental body alongside his attorney, the former IOC director general, François Carrard, in his capacity as President.
François Carrard was the initial attorney for ANOCA but stood down from the case ©Getty Images
This changed in March when the ANOCA Executive Committee, headed by Algeria's first vice-president Mustapha Berraf, effectively relinquished Palenfo of his involvement and instead appointed a new attorney, also from Switzerland, Eric Vazey.
Carrard initially disputed the authority of the Executive Committee to "interfere" in the proceedings but he and Palenfo appeared to change their mind soon after and he stopped representing ANOCA in what, they claimed, was a "spirit of democratic calming".
It was after this that what CAS referred to as a "U-turn" took place and a joint request for relief was issued by both sides.
Kalkaba's defence did not dispute that their campaign did receive financial support from the Cameroonian Government argued that this did not violate the principle of sporting autonomy as the Olympic Charter does allow for such cooperation.
"Moreover, as the ANOCA President, Mr Palenfo is an example of Governmental support himself: being a Minister of State in the Ivorian Government, he has the inevitable Ivorian Government's support," they added.
They also pointed-out that the ANOCA General Assembly were "deliberately misled" because the Executive Committee did not inform them of an IOC Ethics Commission ruling that they had no jurisdiction to interfere.
ANOCA did not have an active Ethics Commission at the time.
They also argued that the Executive Committee did not have the power to disqualify him under the ANOCA statutes but that this right was reserved for the General Assembly.
The defence also challenged the way ANOCA acquired two documents addressed by him to the Cameroonian Government, used as the basis of the case against him, and asked whether they had been "received in breach of confidentiality".
It was claimed in the minutes of an ANOCA Executive Committee meeting on May 6 that Tunisian Olympic Committee President and its Juridical Commission chair Mehrez Boussayene returned to his hotel room the previous evening to find two documents anonymously posted under his door.
Subsequent close circuit television analysis did not confirm this claim, it was claimed, and the ANOCA Executive Committee supposedly "refused to provide an adequate response".
Hamad Kolkaba Malboum was barred from standing in the elections in Djibouti last May ©ANOCA
Kalkaba is also President of the Cameroonian Olympic Committee and a vice-president of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF).
The 67-year-old named IAAF President Sebastian Coe as one of his defence witnesses.
Kalkaba has not yet confirmed whether he plans to stand again to become President of ANOCA.
Palenfo's intentions have also not yet been confirmed but it appears hard to see how he could feasibly stand again for the position given the apparent loss of support from ANOCA Executive Committee colleagues.
This comes at a key time for sport on the continent after the IOC announced plans to find an African host for the 2022 Summer Youth Olympic Games there.
Senegal, Nigeria, Botswana and Tunisia are all interested - although the Tunisian effort has been put on hold until they have taken steps to end the restrictions on Israeli athletes competing at their events.
ANOCA also no longer appears to have a functioning website and have not yet announced a host for the 2019 African Games, which the continental body are now responsible for organising, managing and running.
This follows the withdrawal of initial hosts Equatorial Guinea last year.
Neither Kalkaba nor Palenfo have yet responded to insidethegames' requests for a comment.
A DISPUTE is ongoing between Wyong Race Club and racehorse owner Gary Leafe who is seeking compensation following an incident where his horse Eyes To Heaven was attacked by dogs after trackwork on December 29.
Three dogs entered the track and one set upon Eyes To Heaven, who had won on debut setting a Tuncurry track record over 1100m, and left the filly with horrific wounds.
THE WINX DEBATE: HER CHASE FOR IMMORTALITY
EXPRESSWAY: FLYING TRAPEZE ARTIST RAISES THE BAR
WALLER KEEPS THE FAITH AFTER COLT'S LATE SCARE
Thankfully she's set to make a full recovery and continue racing but Leafe wants Wyong Race Club to compensate him $8300 for training and feed bills he paid for three months leading up to the incident.
“Your horses should be safe on a racecourse from a pack of dogs,” Leafe said.
Wyong Race Club chief executive David Jewell said the club wants to resolve the matter.
Camera Icon Wyong Race Club chief executive David Jewell. Picture: News Corp Australia
“I've spoken to the board and we want to reach a settlement,” Jewell said. “We just want to know what makes up that number.”
It's not known how the dogs got into the course but the one that attacked Eyes To Heaven jumped on the filly's back before it was captured and put down.
“The place is secure,” Jewell said. “The dogs may have got in behind a car or truck going through the electronic gates, but no one saw them enter.”
Bowman rides his luck with appeals
HUGH Bowman needs two appeals against careless riding charges reduced this week if he's to ride Winx in the Apollo Stakes on February 17.
The hope is to get Monday's appeal (against a charge issued on January 26) at Racing NSW headquarters reduced by two meetings.
If that's successful, he will fly to New Zealand to appear in person to try to get the suspension received last Saturday at Ellerslie reduced by one meeting.
That appeal will be heard on Friday at 1pm.
“Hughie's been good and he's starting to think he might be some hope,” Bowman's manager Bryan Haskins said. Leading lawyer Paul O'Sullivan is representing him.
Camera Icon Hugh Bowman. Picture: News Corp Australia, Dylan Robinson
Mick's early birthday gift
TRAINER Michael Tubman has dual cause for celebration this weekend after his good mare Bye See won at Rosehill Gardens.
Bye See, well ridden by Winona Costin , took out the Freshmark Handicap (1500m), providing the trainer with an early birthday present as Tubman turns 70 today.
Tubman had health issues last month but was trackside for Bye See's win.
“I'm feeling a lot better now she has won,'' he said. “This was only her eighth start, she's won three races now and has a very bright future.''
Bye See ($3 favourite) was given the run of the race and held off Travancore ($13) by a half-length with Ready For Success ($31) a close third. Tubman is the breeder and part-owner of Bye See, herself a daughter of the trainer's former stable star, the ill-fated Chance Bye , winner of the 2010 Silver Slipper.
*****
POPULAR racing broadcaster Gary Harley and trainer Evan Holland took a tumble at Gosford last week thanks to Holland's runner Allez Rev, who bumped into them post-race. Thankfully, both men walked away unharmed but, as you can see, everyone – including star hoop Tye Angland – couldn't help but laugh. Harley said he needed “two hands” to get him back up.
Camera Icon Gary Harley, left, and trainer Evan Holland hit the deck after being bumped by Allez Rev at Gosford last week. Picture: Supplied
*****
KEEP your eye on Sunday's meeting in Japan. There may be a horse to come out of it that will run at The Championships this autumn.
*****
BRAD Widdup has had a terrific start to his training career but is looking to feature more in Sydney on Saturdays, and who wouldn't want him to train their horse?
Since going out on his own after leaving Godolphin , he has racked up winners regularly.
He had three winners and a second from four starters at Gosford and Orange last Tuesday.
“I'm trying to get a few more metropolitan-class runners and it's building,” he said. “I've been involved with Sydney Cup and Golden Slipper winners so I know I can give any horse a chance.”
Widdup has 35 in work now but wants to build his stable to around 60.
Camera Icon Brad Widdup has made a flying start to his training career after leaving Godolphin. Picture: Supplied, Bradley Photographers
Brown grilled by stewards
STEWARDS questioned Corey Brown as to why he didn't drive second favourite Exceltic through a gap at the 300m mark of the Canonbury Stakes on Saturday.
Brown opted to come to outside of eventual winner Performer instead.
“That's a run you'd take every week,” chief steward Marc Van Gestel said.
Brown said he had instructions from trainer Gary Portelli to ensure Exceltic had plenty of room. “I wanted to get him to the outside,” Brown said. “Every time he's got to the outside of horses he's really lengthened.”
*****
GERALD Ryan 's star colt Menari is looking the goods before his autumn campaign, which will begin in the Group 1 The Galaxy (1100m) next month.
“He's starting to pace along,” Ryan said. “He's been back in work for six weeks. He's a really good worker. When you want him to, he works really well. I'll probably keep him to 1200m this preparation.”
Veteran ready to rumble in Lightning
TERRAVISTA proved he still has a bit left in the old legs with an impressive barrier trial before what will be a very limited autumn campaign, starting with the Lightning Stakes at Flemington on February 17 and finishing up with a crack at the TJ Smith Stakes at Randwick on day 1 of The Championships in April.
“That's about all I can squeeze out of him these days,” trainer Joe Pride said. “It was a very nice trial and he's ready to go and do something first-up.”
*****
AFTER its impressive win at Caulfield on Saturday, $40,000 Inglis sales purchase Kinky Boom firmed in from $101 to $35 for the Golden Slipper. Trainer Tony McEvoy also has Slipper favourite Sunlight .
HORSES TO FOLLOW : Charlayne (professional already), Ace High (lovely return), Don't Give A Damn (Doncaster smokey)
ONES TO SACK : From Within (too many chances), Liapari (needs it wet)
RIDE OF THE DAY : Kerrin McEvoy (Fiesta).
QUOTE OF THE DAY : “I've been training for a year and finally it's happened. It's great to win in the city.” Trainer Jean Dubois after Mate Story's win.
* Fourth-qtr GDP up 2.1 pct vs previous estimate of 1.9 pct
* Weekly jobless claims fall less than expected
* Lululemon slumps after weak first-quarter outlook
* Futures down: Dow 8 pts, S&P 1 pt, Nasdaq 1.25 pts (Adds details, comment, updates prices)
By Tanya Agrawal
March 30 U.S. stock futures pared losses, setting up Wall Street to open little changed on Thursday as the upwardly revised fourth-quarter GDP growth rate underscored strength in the domestic economy.
Gross domestic product increased 2.1 percent, compared with the previously reported 1.9 percent, the Commerce Department said. The economy grew 3.5 percent in the third quarter.
The market has been choppy in the past few days as investors look for new catalysts and ahead of first-quarter corporate earnings.
Investors have been assessing what the Republicans' failure to pass a healthcare bill means for tax reform and the rest of President Donald Trump's pro-growth agenda, hopes for which have helped drive stocks to record highs.
The stock rally may be near its peak, according to a Reuters poll of strategists, who forecast U.S. shares will gain less than 3 percent between now and year-end. The S&P has risen 10.3 percent since the U.S. election.
The rapid climb in equities has raised concerns regarding valuations, with the S&P 500 trading at nearly 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months against its long-term average of 15 times.
The market will be looking at quarterly earnings to see if the lofty valuations can be supported. First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"The market is looking for new catalysts in the form of fresh policy news from the Trump administration that can help regain the confidence in his pro-growth mandate after the healthcare bill disappointment," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital LLC in Bernardsville, New Jersey.
"Investors are also looking ahead to earnings to see if companies can deliver what the market has already priced in with the current valuations."
Dow e-minis were down 8 points, or 0.04 percent, with 15,091 contracts changing hands at 8:36 a.m. ET 91236 GMT).
S&P 500 e-minis were down 1 points, or 0.04 percent, with 100,615 contracts traded.
Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 1.25 points, or 0.02 percent, on volume of 21,177 contracts.
Economic data showed that the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell less than expected last week, with initial claims slipping 3,000 to 258,000 for the week ended March 25.
Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester, Dallas Fed chief Robert Kaplan, San Francisco Fed head John Williams and New York Fed President William Dudley are all scheduled to make appearances.
On Wednesday, Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said he favored further interest rate hikes this year, while Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren said the Fed should raise rates three more times in 2017.
Shares of Lululemon Athletica plunged 20.9 percent to $52.42 in premarket trading after the Canadian yoga and leisure apparel retailer said first-quarter comparable sales were expected to fall.
ConocoPhillips rose 8.3 percent to $49.75 after the company said it agreed to sell oil sands and western Canadian natural gas assets to Cenovus Energy. Cenovus was down 7.9 percent at $12.04. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
MGM Holdings Inc said it would acquire the 81 percent of premium U.S. channel Epix it does not already own from two of its partners, Viacom Inc and Lionsgate Entertainment Corp, for about $1 billion.
The deal is expected to boost MGM's TV business as it seeks to build a stronger platform to distribute its content.
Viacom currently owns half of Epix, while Lionsgate has a 31.2 percent stake.
Epix, whose shows include "Berlin Station" and "Graves," has about 14 million subscribers, according to research firm SNL Kagan.
Paramount Pictures and Lionsgate will continue to provide their first-run theatrical releases to Epix under multi-year agreements, the companies said in a joint statement.
The deal is expected to close by the end of this month.
Famous for its library that includes James Bond, Rocky and other classics, MGM also co-produces and distributes television shows such as "Teen Wolf" on MTV, "Vikings" on A&E and "Fargo" on FX.
It also owns MGM-branded U.S. channels that largely play its films and international networks.
MGM, which emerged from bankruptcy six years ago, is controlled by hedge funds including Anchorage Capital Partners and Highland Capital Partners.
LionTree Advisors was financial adviser to Viacom and Lionsgate. Shearman & Sterling LLP was legal adviser to Viacom, while O'Melveny & Myers LLP served as Lionsgate's legal adviser. Latham & Watkins LLP was MGM's legal adviser.
(Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee and Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. | The Denver Broncos have signed six-year veteran cornerback Chris Lewis-Harris and waived cornerback Taurean Nixon 24 hours after his pick-6 of Paxton Lynch at the team's mandatory minicamp.
Lewis-Harris spent four full seasons with the Cincinnati Bengals before splitting last season between the Bengals and Baltimore Ravens.
Broncos coach Vance Joseph was Lewis-Harris' position coach in Cincinnati.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
ITV has suddenly become obsessed with that old schedule-filler known as ‘List TV'. Last week we got their countdown of Britain's top dogs with this week seeing the turn of Britian's favourite walks.
At first this seemed like perfect winter viewing: the ever likeable queen of rambling, Julia Bradbury, and the ever slightly annoying king of the dancefloor, Ore Oduba, made enthusiastic guides as we began a marathon rundown, which
at two-and-a-half hours was longer than many of the walks included.
A far better idea would have been to split the show into two or even three segments, meaning we could have had more detail about each walk and more of the undoubted highlight of the programme, which were the bits where various celebrities took us
on their favourite walks.
I was particularly taken
with Cold Feet star Robert Bathurst's jaunt across a freezing but beautifully bleak looking Rye and Camber Sands, where the actor told us he liked to finish up on his small motor launch listening to Test Match Special with a glass of wine.
Corrie actress Catherine Tyldelsey took us on the fascinating Pendle Witch Trail, where we found out about the most famous witch trials in English history, which ended up with 10 women executed by hanging. “They were treated quite harshly then?” enquired Tyldelsey with amusing understatement.
It was hard to find much more to complain about this charmingly inoffensive programme, although whoever wrote the script should have tried a lot harder to avoid the endless cliches: views were always “breathtaking”, coastlines were “rugged” and we were urged to put “our best foot forward”.
But there was a lot of fun to be had in totting up the various walks you'd been on and of course the ones you hoped to complete once this endless list eventually finished.
Personal favourites included the Nine Ladies in Derbyshire, Another Place in Crosby and the Sandstone Trail in Cheshire. Local interest was piqued by Llangollen Canal (60), Offa's Dyke (41) and Snowdon (2).
Roll on February.
The couple tie the knot in a ceremony at the Supreme Court
Published 1:00 PM, March 20, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Veteran noontime show host Joey de Leon married his longtime partner Eileen Macapagal on Monday, March 19, in a simple ceremony at the Supreme Court.
A simple reception followed at the Manila Hotel, with their family and friends. Among the guests were Joey's Eat Bulaga co-hosts, Senate Majority Leader Vicente "Tito" Sotto III and Vic Sotto, who attended with their wives, actresses Helen Gamboa and Pauleen Luna-Sotto.
That's it! Natuloy din! A post shared by Tito Sotto (@helenstito) on Mar 19, 2018 at 2:15am PDT
The guest list also included other Eat Bulaga hosts and celebrities such as Allan K, Ruby Rodriguez, Pia Guanio, Maine Mendoza, Alden Richards, Ryan Agoncillo, and Judy Ann Santos.
Congrats joey and eileen!!! A post shared by Allan K (@allan_klownz) on Mar 19, 2018 at 4:58am PDT
Mabuhay ang bagong kasal!!! A post shared by Allan K (@allan_klownz) on Mar 19, 2018 at 6:50am PDT
Joey and Eileen have been together for 35 years. They have 3 children: Jako, Jocas, and Jio. Joey also has two children, Keempee and Cheenee, from a previous marriage to actress Daria Ramirez. – Rappler.com
April 12 BioCryst Pharmaceuticals Inc -
* BioCryst expands development of BCX7353 to explore treatment of acute HAE attacks
* Has received initial regulatory approvals in Europe to initiate zenith-1 exploratory clinical trial this summer
* To explore if single oral doses of liquid formulation of BCX7353 could have utility in treatment of acute angioedema attacks in some patients Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRASILIA May 3 Brazil's pension reform proposal should clear a congressional committee on Wednesday with support of nearly two-thirds of its 37 members, Arthur Maia, the lawmaker in charge of drafting the bill, said in a radio interview.
"We will have at least 22 votes and could get 24 votes," Maia told Brazilian news radio network CBN. His remarks confirmed comments to Reuters by sources in the presidential palace on Tuesday, who said the government could count on around 23 votes.
The margin of approval for the measure in the commission - which was never in doubt - suggests the government is still scrambling to get the two-thirds votes needed to pass the measure on the floor of the Chamber of Deputies. Maia told CBN that a floor vote, expected next week, would be delayed as many lawmakers still need more information to support the changes. (Reporting by Silvio Cascione; Editing by Daniel Flynn)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Aerospace giant Boeing is planning on another involuntary lay off of hundreds of engineers in the US State of Washington and other locations in an effort to match employment levels with business and market requirements, Boeing Commercial Airplanes Vice President of Engineering John Hamilton said in a statement.
“We are moving forward with a second phase of involuntary layoffs for some select skills in Washington state and other enterprise locations,” Hamilton said on Monday. “We anticipate this will impact hundreds of engineering employees.”
Along with reducing non-labor and supply chain costs, Hamilton said Boeing is also working to match employment levels with business and market requirements.
Notices will be issued on April 21, 2017 with a planned layoff date of June 23, 2017, Hamilton added, and the company needs to reduce its employment level further in order to meet their operating plan and additional challenges.
In January and March 2017, Boeing offered a Voluntary Layoff (VLO) to select skills across the function, with several hundred engineering team members accepting the offers.
Police will be stepping up security measures on Sunday during voting in the second round of the presidential elections and the declaration ceremony later in the evening.
Spokesman Andreas Angelides said over 2,000 police officers will be on duty on Sunday to ensure that the election process goes smoothly.
Meetings were held on Wednesday and Thursday to discuss the additional security measures that will remain in place until Monday morning and if necessary extended.
Angelides added that the crisis centre will operate in Nicosia.
Additional security measures will be taken during the declaration ceremony that will take place at the Tassos Papadopoulos – Eleftheria Stadium, in Nicosia.
He urged people attending the ceremony and those passing through the area adjacent to the stadium at the time of the event, scheduled for 10pm, to comply with police instructions.
Angelides said people entering the stadium will undergo security checks so they must make their way to the venue early.
Flares, firecrackers, or other dangerous objects, posters or banners with abusive, racist, or other offensive content will not be allowed in the stadium, nor will any slogans be allowed to be put up anywhere on the grounds.
He called on people to avoid taking backpacks or bags to the stadium.
Giant screens will be placed outside for people to watch the ceremony.
Asked whether drones will be used by the police, the spokesman said that all available technology will be used, adding that some measures will be implemented for the first time. It is understood that he was referring to metal detectors at the entrances.
Replying to a question on two protests planned to take place on Sunday, in Nicosia and Limassol, he said that the police will handle the two events in line with rules and regulations.
CNA
The UK leader and others of her senior ministers have implied that the separation deal between the UK and EU might not survive if Brexit negotiations are not concluded satisfactorily.
British Prime Minister Theresa May has reportedly promised her fellow party members in a letter published on a Conservative affiliated website that her Government will not pay the agreed US$52 billion (£39 billion) to the European Union unless a trade agreement is successfully arranged.
Mrs. May reiterated in the alleged letter that the two conditions were mutually dependent, saying, "Nothing is agreed until everything is agreed."
© AP Photo/ Virginia Mayo British Prime Minister Theresa May speaks during a media conference with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker at EU headquarters in Brussels on Friday, Dec. 8, 2017.
The reported promise to her colleagues comes after the Secretary for Exiting the EU, David Davis called the agreement "a statement of intent," and hinted that it might not be enforced depending on the outcome of the next stage of Brexit negotiations.
The UK reached an eleventh-hour deal with the EU on December 8 after an agreement to settle the Irish border issue was sunk December 4 by the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) who feared that Northern Ireland would be left in the EU Customs Union after the rest of the UK leaves.
READ MORE: UK PM Player 'With No Weapons' Amid DUP-Ireland Stalemate & Brexit Deal Break Up
The video site is full of questionable content—but an ex-staffer says the underlying algorithms really need attention.
The problem: Take your pick: conspiracy theories, violence, propaganda, and worse lurk on the site.
A solution? The Wall Street Journal says YouTube will provide more context around videos, warning users when they contain conspiracy theories or are produced by state-funded media outlets. It may show credible videos alongside the problematic ones.
Deeper problems: Guillaume Chaslot, an AI expert who worked on YouTube's recommendation system, tells the Guardian that its algorithms will keep surfacing questionable content:
“The recommendation algorithm is not optimising for what is truthful, or balanced, or healthy for democracy. There are many ways YouTube can change its algorithms to suppress fake news … I tried to change YouTube from the inside but it didn't work.”
More to be done: YouTube has applied many Band-Aids to content problems. It's unlikely the new initiative will do much. Perhaps those algorithms need overhauling?
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
Summit talk turns warmer; Trump says 'talking to them now'
Summit talk turns warmer; Trump says 'talking to them now'
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
US delegation holds talks with North Korean officials in DMZ
US delegation holds talks with North Korean officials in DMZ
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
Starbucks will close more than 8,000 stores nationwide Tuesday to conduct anti-bias training.
Starbucks will close more than 8,000 stores nationwide Tuesday to conduct anti-bias training.
(AP Photo/Ron Todt, File). FILE – In this April 15, 2018, file photo, demonstrators protest outside the Starbucks cafe in Philadelphia where two black men were arrested three days earlier for waiting inside without ordering anything. On Tuesday, May 29...
(AP Photo/Ron Todt, File). FILE – In this April 15, 2018, file photo, demonstrators protest outside the Starbucks cafe in Philadelphia where two black men were arrested three days earlier for waiting inside without ordering anything. On Tuesday, May 29...
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Missouri governor who vowed to fight scandal instead quits
Missouri governor who vowed to fight scandal instead quits
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
Only 1 in 10 will advance at National Spelling Bee
Only 1 in 10 will advance at National Spelling Bee
A Kentucky fire official says about a dozen people received medical attention after an explosion damaged a UPS freight hub in Lexington.
A Kentucky fire official says about a dozen people received medical attention after an explosion damaged a UPS freight hub in Lexington.
Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on his cellphone, then didn't report either incident.
Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on his cellphone, then didn't report either incident.
New guidelines say US adults should begin colon cancer screenings at 45, not 50.
New guidelines say US adults should begin colon cancer screenings at 45, not 50.
(NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP). This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red. According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We...
(NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP). This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red. According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We...
Cancer group says colon screening should start at 45, not 50
Cancer group says colon screening should start at 45, not 50
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get his appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get his appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
AP-NORC/MTV poll: Young people feel more empowered in politics as midterms loom.
AP-NORC/MTV poll: Young people feel more empowered in politics as midterms loom.
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as his colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as his colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - A judge in Philadelphia has denied Meek Mill's request for a new trial and the removal of another judge from the rapper's case.
President Judge Leon Tucker told Mill in a Wednesday hearing that he doesn't have jurisdiction over the matter.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered Mill's release from prison last month where he was serving a two- to four-year sentence on a probation violation related to a decade-old gun and drug conviction.
Mill's lawyers want Judge Genece Brinkley removed from his case. They allege she's been waging a vendetta against the rapper, including sending him to prison for the probation violations.
She has strongly defended her impartiality.
Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of his arresting officer.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
More and more nowadays businesses are realizing how important it is to understand and practice search engine optimization basics. However, it can be hard to find a consensus on just what the basics really are. Read on to learn some simple tips that can help you get started optimizing your business website.
When setting up your site for SEO, keep an eye on keyword density. You want to have your major keywords at about 3 to 7 percent of the total text. Anything higher than about 10 percent starts to look suspicious to the search engine, as if you are using keyword stuffing to boost page rank.
You should make sure that the search engine optimization you choose, uses a quality and proven technique. Stuffing keywords haphazardly throughout your site won't do anything but lower your audience's confidence in your legitimacy. Consider custom-made content that is specific to your business. This will draw in the audience and encourage them to explore the rest of your website.
Linkages are incredibly important to search engine optimization. Post on tools like twitter, become an expert in your field and provide advice that pertains to your product. Post a link to your website in your tweets. This will bring more clicks to your site, which will improve your page rank.
Clean up your blog space and remove unnecessary widgets and graphics. You want people to be comfortable spending time on your blog so they read more content. The more they read, the more they can be pushed towards the affiliate products you are promoting. Be sure to make your blog easy to read by using colors and fonts that look nice and have a good amount of contrast.
The importance of linking out can not be overstated. Creating a resource page that carries weighted links to related sites that are rich with keywords and phrases carry extra weight with search engines. Make the extra effort to garner these resource links to increase the weight and improve the ranking.
Look through old emails and comment boards to find ideas for new posts. Turn every question you ever answered in an email into content on the site. Remember that the way to increase search engine rankings is to constantly create new articles. Your emails probably provide plenty of topics that readers want to know about.
Rather than spamming your new website information everywhere you look, it may be best to allow your website to be found naturally by search engine crawlers. If you allow this to happen, search engines will take a more favorable glance at your site, as it seems that you are working on your content, rather than getting noticed.
One of the basics of search engine optimization, is the formulation of an outstanding keyword phrase for each individual page on your website. Refrain from trying to optimize your complete website around one specific keyword or phrase. You will achieve better ranking by centering your writing on each page around a specific keyword or keyword phrase.
Let viral marketing do some of the dirty work for you. Allowing your readers to post reviews and comments is an easy way of bringing your search engine rating higher. Search engines have favorable views of sites that allow commenting and reviewing, so using this method can easily bump you up a few points.
Keep your SEO skills and knowledge up-to-date. Search engine algorithms are constantly changing, so you need to stay on top of the latest developments. SEO techniques that you learned three years ago may no longer be effective, and you could waste valuable time and money trying to optimize a website with outdated SEO methods.
To make sure your site stays optimized as technology changes, work on search engine optimization for mobile devices. Popular keywords on mobile devices often differ from those on home computers and you should make sure your site contains both. Some keyword tools will allow you to see how specific keywords rank on mobile devices.
Search engine optimization programs are designed to make your website get noticed by the top search engines online. If you can get your site onto the first page of the search engine list of hits per keyword or phrase, then more people are bound to click on it. The more clicks you get, the higher your ranking gets.
Learn about on-page SEO. This can mean the difference between and unsuccessful site and a successful one.
In SEO, title and META descriptions of each page are extremely important. Be sure to create descriptions and titles that both people and search engine bots will like. You should be sure they contain the keywords and are compelling. However, don't stuff them with keywords. This is off-putting, and it will lower your ratings.
If you are interested in using search engine optimization for your website, you can definitely find a great deal of resources online to provide a lot of information that you will need. If you start with the advice in this article, your search engine optimization venture could be long-lived and very successful.
New Zealand's Grant Elliott hits a boundary during the Cricket World Cup final match against Australia at the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) March 29, 2015. REUTERS/Brandon Malone
WELLINGTON Grant Elliott, who smashed a six off South Africa paceman Dale Steyn to put New Zealand into their maiden World Cup final in 2015, has confirmed his retirement from international cricket after signing a deal to play in England's Twenty20 competition.
The all-rounder joins New Zealand internationals Colin de Grandhomme and Jeetan Patel at the Birmingham Bears after signing a Kolpak deal, which means he gives up his right to play for his country and is not classed as an overseas player in county cricket.
The South Africa-born 38-year-old confirmed his retirement from the Black Caps after an awards night on Thursday.
"Loved playing with the @BLACKCAPS and to have made some special friendships along the way. A team environment I will never forget," he wrote on Twitter, posting a picture of himself with New Zealand fast bowler Tim Southee and captain Kane Williamson.
Elliott played 83 one-day internationals and five test matches, with his last New Zealand match in the semi-finals of the World Twenty20 against England a year ago.
A destructive batsman when on song and a handy swing bowler, Elliott will be remembered in New Zealand for his starring role for the co-hosts at the World Cup.
He scored an unbeaten 84 in the Auckland semi-final, with his six on the second-last ball sending a packed Eden Park into raptures, while leaving a number of South Africa players in tears.
He then top-scored for the Black Caps with 83 in their loss to Australia in the final.
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
The trick to mastering the constantly shifting American political landscape is to get ahead of the changes that are sure to come. That's not always easy, as the revolutions have grown more erratic and more rapid. The last three major off-year elections (2006, 2010, and 2014) produced “waves” that resulted in dramatic shifts in Congress and the states. In the first wave, Democrats surged with a strength that foretold their reclamation of the White House two years later. But the second and third waves locked in Republican hegemony in both Congress and state legislatures.
By many indications, 2018 is on track to be the next wave election, one that could produce a Democratic surge sufficient to dis-empower Donald Trump and disrupt the agendas of the billionaire Koch brothers and their conservative minions. For that to happen, however, Democrats must stop playing on the margins and start playing everywhere. While the party hasn't won every contest in Trump's first year—there were serious stumbles in the spring special elections for House seats—it is now clearly on a winning streak in unexpected places.
One example is Alabama, where Democrats could begin their 2018 campaign early by grabbing the Senate seat that Jeff Sessions resigned to become Trump's attorney general. The December 12 election between a noxious Republican, Judge Roy Moore, and an appealing Democrat, former US Attorney Doug Jones, went national in the first weeks of November, when The Washington Post revealed that Moore, as a lawyer in his 30s, had “dated” girls as young as 14. The news was so jarring that Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell withdrew his support for the scandal-plagued candidate. But Moore has refused to leave the race, setting up a contest that Jones could win. There's every reason to campaign against Moore, but Democrats should also campaign for Jones and have faith that the party can compete in every state.
Yes, every state. The spread of the Democratic victories on November 7 was striking. The party won governorships in New Jersey and Virginia, closed a yawning partisan divide in the Virginia House of Delegates, expanded its super-majorities in New Jersey's legislative chambers, and took complete control of the Statehouse in Washington. But those were just the headline-grabbing victories that prompted former Obama speechwriter Jon Favreau to declare on Twitter, “In case there was any doubt: the Resistance is real.”
Equally instructive were the results from Georgia (where three Republican-held legislative seats were flipped to the Democrats, thereby eliminating the GOP's super-majority in the State Senate), and from historically Republican suburban counties in Colorado (where the Denver-area school-board contests saw incumbents who backed voucher schemes swept from office by the backers of public education) and Pennsylvania (as Democrats won unprecedented victories in areas like Delaware County, where yard signs backing the party's candidates read “Vote Nov 7th Against Trump”). Some of the most significant Democratic advances this year came in deep-red states such as Oklahoma, where the party flipped three Republican legislative districts with candidates running on slogans like “Elect a Teacher.” The Oklahoma pattern was so remarkable that a recent Washington Post headline noted: “Democrats in this state are doing something unusual: Winning their elections.”
One year after Trump and the Republicans won in places where no one gave them a chance, Democrats have reversed that calculus: They are winning in places where the party struggled not just in 2016 but in the election cycles that preceded it. That's giving Democrats a sense of what is possible. After November 7, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee released an expanded list of 91 House districts that it will target in the drive to win the 24 seats needed to take back the chamber. Among the 11 new districts on the list was that of House Speaker Paul Ryan.
Before they get to 2018, Democrats need to win the biggest race of 2017. A victory in Alabama would provide the ultimate signal that resentment against Donald Trump, a growing awareness of just how cruel and unusual the Republican Party has become, and a desire for genuine change are putting the Democrats into competition everywhere. That will make it easier to recruit candidates, raise money, and generate voter turnout. Yes, keeping Roy Moore out of the US Senate is a big deal, but for Democrats, electing Doug Jones should be seen as just as big a deal—a win in Alabama that could chart the wave that hits in 2018.
Anti-Trump Fervor Can't Fully Explain What Happened This Month
Democratic candidates ran on bold, progressive ideas that inspired voters.
By Katrina vanden Heuvel
After Republican candidates got clobbered this month in Virginia and elsewhere, a new narrative quickly took hold. It was all about the president, as usual. “It's hard to have Trumpism if you don't have Trump,” The New York Times concluded. “Trumpism without Trump didn't work,” CNN concurred.
Clearly, President Trump's historic unpopularity less than a year into his presidency hurts his party's electoral prospects. It's also encouraging that Republican gubernatorial candidate Ed Gillespie failed to win over Virginia voters with Trump-style rhetoric and naked appeals to racism. Yet while the notion that anti-Trump fervor doomed the Republicans may be tempting, particularly to Democrats who would rather avoid debates about the party's direction, that's an incomplete explanation of what happened this month in elections across the country. This wasn't just a Democratic wave fueled by opposition to Trump. It was specifically a progressive wave fueled by bold, progressive candidates down the ballot, working with grassroots activists and organizations, who inspired voters with campaigns based on economic fairness and social justice.
Take a closer look at Virginia, where most of the attention has gone to Lieutenant Governor Ralph Northam's win and transgender woman candidate Danica Roem's incredible triumph over longtime delegate (and the state's self-appointed “chief homophobe”) Bob Marshall. In an election with the highest turnout for a gubernatorial race in two decades, Democrats flipped at least 15 seats in the House of Delegates. Twelve of those races were won by women, including the first two Latina women elected in the state, Hala Ayala and Elizabeth Guzman. Ayala, a single mother and former welfare recipient, ran on Medicaid expansion, contraceptive access, and higher teacher pay, and beat a Republican who ran unopposed just two years ago. Guzman, who emigrated from Peru, likewise campaigned on expanding Medicaid and increasing the minimum wage.
Katrina vanden Heuvel is editor and publisher of The Nation.
By John Nichols The Nation
John Nichols is The Nation's national-affairs correspondent. He is the author of Horsemen of the Trumpocalypse: A Field Guide to the Most Dangerous People in America, from Nation Books, and co-author, with Robert W. McChesney, of People Get Ready: The Fight Against a Jobless Economy and a Citizenless Democracy.
John Nichols is The Nation's national-affairs correspondent. He is the author of Horsemen of the Trumpocalypse: A Field Guide to the Most Dangerous People in America, from Nation Books, and co-author, with Robert W. McChesney, of People Get Ready: The Fight Against a Jobless Economy and a Citizenless Democracy.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (WATE) – The Knox County Fire Prevention Bureau and Rural/Metro are teaming up with the Pinnacle at Turkey Creek and the Town of Farragut for the 10th annual Fall Fire Safety Festival.
The event will showcase vehicle extrication techniques, first responder demonstrations and home fire safety awareness. People will be able to see
The event is free and open to all ages. It will take place near Best Buy, 11491 Parkside Drive, from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. this Saturday, October 7.
More online:
Nassau – Another illegal migrant vessel loaded with cocaine lands near Commonwealth Brewery in New Providence this morning without being intercepted by the Defence Force.
Police and immigration officers quickly arrived on the scene arresting all the migrants as an investigation opened.
We understand as the vessel approached the land migrants began swimming to shore in all this cold rough seas.
We report yinner decide!
BRIEF-Atos wins contract with GENCI
* CONTRACT AIMS TO DELIVER ONE OF MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN WORLD, PLANNED FOR END OF 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
SILVERSTONE, England — Struggling Formula One outfit McLaren has accepted Eric Boullier's resignation as racing director and announced a restructured of its leadership.
Boullier, who joined the British team in 2014, had overseen its worst run across its 52-year history. McLaren has not won a race since 2012 and hasn't landed a podium position in more than four years.
McLaren says in a statement that former IndyCar champion Gil de Ferran has been appointed to the new role of sporting director. Simon Roberts will oversee production, engineering and logistics, and Andrea Stella has been promoted to performance director, responsible for trackside operations. Stella had joined McLaren with Fernando Alonso from Ferrari.
McLaren chief executive Zak Brown says the team's performance this year "has not met the expectations of anyone at McLaren" and that "the causes are systemic and structural, which require major change from within. With today's announcement, we start to address those issues head on and take the first step on our road to recovery."
The Gilas Pilipinas cadet receives P100,000 for protecting Australia's Christopher Goulding during the fight-marred FIBA match
Published 8:32 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Gilas Pilipinas cadet Troy Rike followed up a good deed with another one.
After acting as pacifier during the Philippines-Australia brawl where he tried to protect Australia's Christopher Goulding, Rike received a P100,000 incentive from one of Gilas' team sponsors.
The Wake Forest product, however, decided to donate his reward to Australian and Filipino charities instead.
“I was happy to help, but I didn't feel right receiving money for just doing what was right. But I'm glad that some good is gonna come from the donation and hopefully it will serve to unite our two countries again,” Rike told Rappler through a Facebook exchange.
Rike tried to shield Goulding as the Aussie received a heavy beating from Gilas pool player Allein Maliksi and national team deputy coach Jong Uichico. (READ: Jong Uichico apologizes for involvement in Gilas-Australia brawl)
“I wasn't even thinking to be honest, instinct just took over. I ran out on the court and when I saw that happening my natural reaction was just to do whatever I could to stop it,” Rike said.
Just before I hear anything about this picture or my character. I was standing over him with both legs to protect him. You can check the footage, I'm actively pushing people off. https://t.co/69RiTfk98D — Troy Rike (@troyrike) July 2, 2018
Rike's act was met with huge praise from netizens and Chooks-To-Go president Ronald Mascariñas, who handed the incentive at the Bounty Agro Ventures, Inc. office in Ortigas Wednesday afternoon, July 4.
But the 22-year-old player decided to split the incentive he received between Australian and Filipino charities, hoping that it will help build camaraderie between the two nations following the bench-clearing melee at a FIBA World Cup qualifier last Monday, July 2.
As FIBA opens disciplinary proceedings against both the Philippines and Australia, Rike said both teams can improve.
"There were some unfortunate circumstances and actions that led up to the fight but both sides need to be better. We can't change the past but we can control how we move forward." – Rappler.com
Oklahoma City investigators are working to determine who is responsible for the death of an infant.
Oklahoma City investigators are working to determine who is responsible for the death of an infant. Police have identified the 4-week-old baby as Willow Rose Shelton. The baby passed away in the hospital Thursday.
Authorities were notified of the abuse on Jan. 25, that is when the 29-day-old infant was taken to the hospital.
“The child had originally been taken to St. Anthony,” said Msgt. Gary Knight, Oklahoma City Police Department. “But immediately transferred to OU Children's Hospital because of the severity of her injuries.”
Police said the newborn had obvious signs of abuse – multiple and severe head injuries. The four-week-old infant passed away seven days after being brought to the hospital.
Read Related Story: OKC Infant Death Being Investigated By Police
Police have not named any suspects in this case. Investigators still need to determine who was caring for baby Shelton when she was injured and where the abuse happened.
“We know there are several people along the way that took care of this child,” said Knight. “What they are trying to do is narrow down exactly who was watching the baby when the injury took place. Obviously, that person is the person they want to talk to.”
Police said the baby lived in a mobile home park in far southeast Oklahoma City.
News 9 was unable to reach any family members or caretakers for comment.
“A very heart wrenching case for everyone involved,” said Knight. “Especially the investigators who have to work this case.”
Police said once they name a suspect or suspects, charges could be filed in Oklahoma and Cleveland counties.
The British data analysis company, hired by the 2016 Trump campaign, says the source of the accusations – which it calls 'a former contractor' – is 'misrepresenting himself and the company'
Published 9:28 AM, March 20, 2018
LONDON, United Kingdom – Communications firm Cambridge Analytica said Monday, March 19, it "strongly denies" allegations it harvested data on 50 million Facebook users for Donald Trump's presidential campaign, as British regulators prepare to ask a court to allow access to its systems.
The British data analysis company, hired by the 2016 Trump campaign, said the source of the accusations – which it called "a former contractor" – was "misrepresenting himself and the company."
"This Facebook data was not used by Cambridge Analytica as part of the services it provided to the Donald Trump presidential campaign; personality targeted advertising was not carried out for this client either," it said in a statement.
According to a joint investigation by The New York Times and Britain's Observer, the firm was able to create psychological profiles on 50 million Facebook users through a personality prediction app that was downloaded by 270,000 people but also scooped up data from friends.
Facebook has responded by suspending Cambridge Analytica's account and pledging to probe the allegations, but has pushed back against the claim of a major breach, suggesting misused data was limited to a far smaller group of users.
Its share price plunged on Monday, as officials on both sides of the Atlantic called for investigations.
Elizabeth Denham, Britain's Information Commissioner who regulates the sector in the country, announced her office would seek a court warrant on Tuesday, March 20, to search Cambridge Analytica's computer servers.
She said the company had been "uncooperative" to requests for access to its records and missed a Monday deadline stipulated.
"The information commissioner is seeking a warrant to obtain information and access to systems and evidence related to her investigation," Denham's office said in a statement.
It added Facebook had agreed to "stand down" from its own search of the company's London premises "at the information commissioner's request."
"Such a search would potentially compromise a regulatory investigation," the statement said.
Meanwhile, fresh allegations against senior executives at Cambridge Analytica emerged on Monday evening.
The company's chief executive Alexander Nix was secretly filmed by Britain's Channel 4 News saying it could entrap politicians in compromising situations with bribes and sex workers, using ex-spies to dig up dirt on opponents.
He also said the firm secretly campaigns in elections around the world, including by operating through a web of shadowy front companies, or by using sub-contractors.
A Cambridge Analytica spokesman told the news program it does not use "untrue material for any purpose."
"We entirely refute any allegation that Cambridge Analytica or any of its affiliates use entrapment, bribes, or so-called 'honey-traps' for any purpose whatsoever," the spokesman added. – Rappler.com
March 29 Pharnext SAS:
* Announced positive preclinical data for its PLEODRUG PXT864, in development for Alzheimer's disease (ad)
* Use of approved standards of care (SOCS) in ad, i.e. Donepezil and memantine, shows transient efficacy and is moreover associated with side effects
* Data show that efficacy of tri-therapy combination (PXT864 + donepezil or memantine) was greater than individual drugs alone Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
A special fundraiser was held Saturday for a Norman woman who was shot at her workplace in January. Colette Wind is now out of the hospital recovering and managed to stop by the softball tournament in her honor.
“That's one of our best friends,” Wind's softball teammate Justin Anderson said. "She was trying to help somebody out and she ended up getting hurt in the whole incident."
On January 10, a suspect with a gun walked into Wind's workplace, Bergey Windpower, attempting to kidnap his wife. Wind stepped into save her coworker and was shot in the arm.
1/11/18 Related Story: Suspect In Norman Business Shooting Identified; New Details Released
“She would help anybody,” Anderson said of his team coach. "She's no stranger to anybody."
As Wind recovered in the hospital, her softball buddies started brainstorming fundraiser ideas.
“We had a friend call after the situation happened and asking to help put a tournament together,” Wind's friend Chelsy Lindenfelser said.
Proceeds from the tournament, as well as a GoFundMe campaign, will go to Wind's family for medical bills. The tournament drew in 18 teams. Each paid $200 to enter.
Friends say Wind was speechless at the support.
“She's in great spirits,” Lindenfelser said. "She's actually dying to get back on the ball field right now."
Until then, the softball community is on team Wind, cheering her on as she hits the recovery process out of the park.
Rep. Chris Collins (R-NY) said Wednesday that he hoped the shooting at a Republican congressional baseball team practice would send a signal to Democrats to “tone down the rhetoric.”
He later said that “all of us, including myself” should tone done their rhetoric. Collins also said he would carry his gun with him as a result of the shooting.
“The rhetoric has been outrageous, of the finger-pointing, just the tone, and the angst, and the anger directed at Donald Trump and his supporters,” Collins said in an interview with WBEN shortly after news of the shooting broke Wednesday morning. “Really, then, some people react to things like that. They get angry as well, and then you fuel the fires.”
“Maybe this is a wake-up call,” he added. “I'm not saying it will be, but let's hope we can disagree on a more polite, conversational basis, and not do things like what they did at my office a couple of weeks ago, they had a die-in. It's gone too far.”
Collins said earlier in the interview that “you can never get into the motivation of a crazy person shooting,” but that he suspected Scalise had been a target for the gunman. “Apparently the shooter was waiting for them,” he said separately.
“I'm not going to live my life any differently, that's not going to happen,” he told WBEN.
In a separate interview with WKBW Wednesday morning, though, Scalise noted one significant change.
“I will be carrying when I'm out and about, which, I have to tell you, I have not been, even though I have a carry permit at home,” he said, referring to his permit to carry a firearm.
“On a rare occasion, you know, I'd have my gun in the glove box or something, but it's going to be in my pocket from this day forward,” he added.
Beginning minutes after the shooting began, and throughout the day, Scalise shared his concern for those injured in the shooting and thanked Capitol Police.
In a statement posted to his account at 1:17 p.m., Collins appeared to temper his earlier sentiments, saying that “[i]t's time for all of us, including myself, to tone down our rhetoric and recognize that we are all of one country and all proud Americans.”
Thoughts and prayers are with @SteveScalise and those injured during this despicable attack — Rep. Chris Collins (@RepChrisCollins) June 14, 2017
Thank you to the @CapitolPolice and the work they do everyday to keep us safe — Rep. Chris Collins (@RepChrisCollins) June 14, 2017
Congressman Chris Collins' Statement on Shooting in Alexandria, Virginia: pic.twitter.com/DZIn8jVwQ4 — Rep. Chris Collins (@RepChrisCollins) June 14, 2017
H/t The Buffalo News
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MONTREAL (CBSMiami/AP) — The Florida Panthers are still very much alive in the Eastern Conference playoff race.
Roberto Luongo stopped 28 shots for his third shutout of the season and 76th of his career, leading Florida to a 2-0 victory over the Montreal Canadiens on Monday night.
Aaron Ekblad and Aleksander Barkov scored to help the Panthers inch closer to a playoff position, pulling three points behind idle new Jersey for the second wild card in the Eastern Conference.
Florida has two games in hand on the Devils.
Antti Niemi finished with 38 saves for Montreal, which was shut out for the second straight game and 12th time this season — including three against the Panthers.
The Canadiens were coming off a 4-0 loss at Toronto on Saturday.
The opening 10 minutes saw two fights, one of which had Ekblad sparring with Nicolas Deslauriers.
It may have fired up the big defenseman because he stole a puck from Michael McCarron, deked past defenseman Jeff Petry and beat Niemi with a move to the backhand for an unassisted goal with 1:29 left in the opening period.
Jacob De La Rose thought he had tied it for Montreal 17 seconds later, but a video review showed Alex Galchenyuk was offside by a toenail and it was waived off.
Barkov got his 26th of the season at 6:23 of the third when his shot from the left side went in off Montreal forward Logan Shaw.
Star goalie Carey Price returned to the Montreal lineup after concussion suffered Feb. 20. He backed up Niemi.
UP NEXT:
Panthers: At Ottawa on Tuesday night as they continue a stretch of seven of eight on the road.
Canadiens: At Pittsburgh on Wednesday night.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
THE cost of the West Gate Tunnel has blown out by a massive $1.2 billion in another embarrassment for the state government.
Construction will start next month at an increased cost of $6.7 billion.
WEST GATE TUNNEL CONSTRUCTION MEANS FIVE-YEAR GO-SLOW ON FREEWAY
WEST GATE TUNNEL: EXPERT DOUBTS SECOND RIVER CROSSING
Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews said contracts have been signed with tolling company Transurban to build the tunnel, which will provide another river crossing in Melbourne's west.
TRUCK CRUSHES CAR IN The LATEST RING RD CHAOS
WEST GATE TUNNEL PROJECT GETS GREEN LIGHT
The road was meant to cost $5.5 billion, but the cost has now risen as the tunnels are now twice as long as originally planned.
MORE TO COME
TUSCALOOSA, Ala. (WATE) – Alabama offensive coordinator Lane Kiffin will not call plays for Alabama in the College Football Playoff National Championship Game.
Instead, Kiffin will head to Florida Atlantic University early to assume coaching duties. Head coach Nick Saban said Steve Sarkisian will assume Kiffin's duties immediately.
“We appreciate all that Lane has done for our football program over the last three years,” said Saban. “We sat down following the Washington game and talked about the time demands of managing both jobs and we recognized that it is best for our players and for Lane, that we allow him to turn his full attention to his new head coaching role at FAU.”
“This wasn't an easy decision and we appreciate the way Lane handled this in terms of doing what is best for our team. At the end of the day, both of us wanted to put our players in the best position to be successful. Obviously, we are in a unique situation here where we have our next offensive coordinator already on staff. We have full confidence that Sark will step in right away and make this a smooth transition.”
Kiffin was hired as the head coach at Florida Atlantic on December 12, but chose to stay on with Alabama through the playoff.
“After going through these last couple of weeks, trying to serve the best interests of two universities as an offensive coordinator and a head coach, it became apparent that both programs would be better served by me giving all my time and efforts to being the head coach at FAU,” said Kiffin. “After meeting with Coach Saban during preparations last night and this morning, we mutually decided that it was in everyone's best interests for the players and the program for Coach Sarkisian to take over all responsibilities as offensive coordinator for the championship game. This was a very difficult decision, but it's a decision made in the best interests of the program. I look forward to helping Alabama win another championship, and would like to thank Coach Saban, the staff, and all the players and fans for the past three years at UA for an unforgettable time and championship run. Roll Tide!”
After one season, Kiffin left Tennessee during the 2010 recruiting season to accept the head coaching job at the University of South California. He was dismissed from the University of South California in 2013 after four seasons with the team. In 2014, Kiffin accepted the offensive coordinator position for Alabama after Michigan hired Doug Nussmeier.
OSHAWA — The Oshawa Generals battled back from a 4-2 deficit to force overtime Friday, but lost 5-4 to the Niagara IceDogs before 3,810 fans at the Tribute Communities Centre.
Matthew Philip scored the winning goal after an end-to-end rush, taking advantage of a fallen Nico Gross to get a clear shot on goalie Logan Gauthier before tapping home his own rebound 3:26 into OT.
Gauthier, getting his third straight start in the absence of injured Kyle Keyser, robbed Akil Thomas earlier in the overtime on a power play that came about when Generals defenceman Matt Brassard drew a delay of game penalty after clearing the puck into the crowd just before the third period ended.
Serron Noel nearly ended the game in Oshawa's favour shortly after the penalty was killed off, but was stopped by Stephen Dhillon after blowing by the IceDogs' defence.
Philip scored the winner seconds later.
Special teams were key in the game, as the IceDogs converted three-of-four chances while the Generals were scoreless on five opportunities.
Kenny Huether opened the scoring for Oshawa 4:39 into the game and Allan McShane also scored in the first period, his first of the season to go with nine assists.
The IceDogs, who also scored twice in the first, took the 4-2 lead on a pair of power-play goals by Ben Jones 20 seconds apart midway through the second.
Domenico Commisso drew the Generals close just over a minute later and Kyle MacLean tied it in the final minute of the middle frame.
Gauthier stopped all 10 shots he faced in the third and 29 overall, while Dhillon made 22 saves for the IceDogs, who improved to 4-2-0-0.
Three more vacancies are left in the anti-graft court
Published 5:23 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – President Rodrigo Duterte appointed to the anti-graft court Sandiganbayan Judge Maryann Corpus-Mañalac, his 5th appointee there.
Mañalac is the judge of Makati Regional Trial Court (RTC) Branch 141 who issued the notice to vacate to the Prieto and Rufino-owned Sunvar Realty Development Corporation.
It ejected Sunvar and other decades-long tenants from the Mile Long Property in Makati, an issue that Duterte has always picked on with the Prietos, owners of the Philippine Daily Inquirer.
The Prietos have sold the Inquirer to Ramon Ang.
JUST IN: Duterte also appoints to the Sandiganbayan Makati RTC Judge Maryann Corpus-Mañalac. She is the judge who issued the notice to vacate to Sunvar in the disputed Mile Long property. @rapplerdotcom pic.twitter.com/e9Uxw1exLb — Lian Buan (@lianbuan) December 11, 2017
Mañalac will fill the vacancy left by the late former associate justice Maria Cristina Cornejo, who passed away in September.
With Mañalac's appointment, 3 more vacancies are left at the anti-graft court. Mañalac is Duterte's 5th Sandiganbayan appointee after Associate Justices Bernelito Fernandez, Lorifel Lacap-Pahimna, Edgardo Caldona, and Bayani Jacinto.
Duterte signed Mañalac's appointment papers on December 8.
Mañalac beat to the post 3 RTC judges and one private lawyer. She was short-listed to the vacancy alongside private lawyer Walter Ong.
Ong, instead, was appointed to the Court of Appeals.
Ong is the brother of former Sandiganbayan justice Gregory Ong, who was dismissed over links with alleged pork barrel scam queen Janet Lim-Napoles. – Rappler.com
San Marcos: 20 accused in heavy equipment theft, crime ring
SAN MARCOS, Texas (AP) — Investigators say 20 people have been indicted for allegedly being part of a Texas crime ring that stole heavy equipment and sold the expensive items for cash or drugs.
San Marcos police on Tuesday announced indictments returned in June helped break up the theft ring in an investigation since last summer.
Police in San Marcos, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) south of Austin, estimate more than $765,000 worth of equipment was stolen from construction sites.
Vehicles and buildings were also burglarized. Investigators also linked the crime ring to guns and gangs.
Police say the charges include theft, engaging in organized criminal activity and fraud-related counts. Two convicted felons were arrested for parole violation.
Police say six indicted suspects remained at large Tuesday.
St. Paul police preserve deceased grandson's handprint
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — A St. Paul police officer has helped preserve a 1-year-old boy's handprint on a pane of glass to comfort a grieving grandmother.
Shari Wagner's grandson, Abraham Flynn, was accidentally hit and killed by a van in April. Wagner told the Star Tribune she later noticed a small handprint when sunlight struck a wood-and-glass display case in her living room.
Wagner feared Abraham's handprint would disappear, but Officer Mark Lundquist was able to preserve it using forensic techniques. Lundquist, who did the work Monday, volunteered to help the family after Wagner reached out to her childhood friend, a retired St. Paul police officer.
"I said, 'Let's do this right,'" Lundquist said. "This is the first time I've done anything like this."
The St. Paul Police Department also plans to create a poster-sized piece of artwork from the images for the family.
"In the lab, we don't get a chance very often to help people who are still alive, so it's nice to do what we can," said Sgt. Robert Kruse, a supervisor in the forensic services unit.
The toddler was playing in the snow when a man unknowingly backed into the boy as he moved a large panel van to plow his driveway during a winter storm. The Polk County District Attorney's Office said the case against Elmquist was presented and declined for prosecution.
The Wagners described Abraham as a child who was "always smiling" and the "joyful light to our family." His grandmother said she plans to have an artist turn Lundquist's images into jewelry.
"It's important that his sweet little life goes on with positivity and goodness," she said.
___
Information from: Star Tribune, http://www.startribune.com
THE long arm of the law appears to have been eclipsed by the longest snake in Australia.
Two police officers stumbled upon this monster-sized scrub python on a road during a recent night patrol in the bush area surrounding Wujul Wujul, about 120km north of Cairns.
The elongated serpent is estimated to be about 5m long.
Police said there was no passing in the police vehicle until the python was “good and ready to move.”
Camera Icon Queensland Police came across this very long python on a recent night patrol near Wujul Wujul 120km north of Cairns. Picture: Twitter Picture: Supplied
“Seizing the opportunity for a quick photo, Sergeant Ben Tome sent his colleague Acting Senior Constable Chris Kenny out of the car to stand next to the giant,” they said.
“Not fond of the police attention, the scrub python made his way quickly off the road so the officers could continue on their way.”
Scrub pythons, also known as amethystine pythons, are Australia's largest snakes, growing up to 8m long.
The non-venomous reptiles, which live in rainforest, coastal scrub and open forest from Townsville to Cape York, kill their prey by using constriction.
They feed mainly on mammals and birds but are capable of taking animals as large as wallabies.
The animals have also been known to consume domestic pets, particularly in rainforest areas.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS - Meet Swish the Puppy.
He's an eight week old guide dog for the blind in training and a new member of the Dallas Mavericks organization.
The pup is named after Maverick icon Dirk Nowitzki whose twitter handle is Swish 41.
During the Mavericks Media Day, Swish was given free run of the building.
He became so popular among the players and staff that he now has his own social media pages.
you can find him on Twitter and Instagram at SwishPuppy.
The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) have intercepted a rocket fired by the Palestinian militants from the Gaza Strip, the IDF spokesperson said on Tuesday.
TEL AVIV (Sputnik) — The IDF have intercepted a rocket fired by the Palestinian militants from the Gaza Strip, according to the IDF spokesperson.
“A short while ago, sirens sounded in the Hof Ashkelon Regional Council. The Iron Dome Aerial Defense System intercepted a rocket launched at Israel. No injuries reported,” the spokesperson wrote on Twitter.
A short while ago, sirens sounded in the Hof Ashkelon Regional Council. The Iron Dome Aerial Defense System intercepted a rocket launched at Israel. No injuries reported — IDF (@IDFSpokesperson) 11 декабря 2017 г.
In response, the IDF attacked the military posts of the Palestinian Hamas movement in the northern part of the Gaza Strip, the IDF spokesperson said.
"In response to the rocket launched towards Israel, an IDF tank & the IAF targeted Hamas terror posts in the northern Gaza Strip. The IDF holds the Hamas terror organization accountable for this hostile act originating in the Gaza Strip," the spokesperson wrote on Twitter.
Earlier on Monday the spokesperson said the Israel Defense Forces had attacked the military posts of the Palestinian Hamas movement in the southern part of the Gaza Strip in response to the rocket shelling.
On Monday, the Palestinian militants launched two rockets from the Gaza Strip towards Israel, according to the IDF. No casualties have been reported following the incident.
"In response to the rocket, an IDF tank and the IAF targeted Hamas terror posts in the southern Gaza Strip. The IDF holds Hamas responsible for these aggressive acts originating from the Gaza Strip," the spokesperson wrote on Twitter.
The attacks took place against the background of continuing protests on the Palestinian territories against recent decision of the United States to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
Hamas controls the Gaza Strip, located on the eastern coast of the Mediterranean Sea, one of the territories disputed between Palestine and Israel.
A two-year-old Bartlesville boy is safe after being saved from a pool by one of New 9's own.
Lauren Fox is an Oklahoma University Journalism student and an intern at News 9.
On Father's Day, Fox walked into a small gathering at her mom, Shannon's, home. She quickly saw Zayden Martinez, a family friend, in the pool. She immediately knew something was wrong.
"His arms were above his head and bubbles were coming out of his mouth," said Lauren.
Shannon said Zayden was at one time wearing "floaties", but had somehow slid them off. Despite having multiple adults supervising outside, the little boy ended up in pool.
"We got him out of the pool, set him on the side of the pool and laid him on his back," said Shannon. That's when Lauren started directing her mom to do pediatric CPR. A skill she learned while out on a story with our own News 9's Jessi Mitchell.
"My mom started doing the CPR with mouth to mouth, and I was like no, no, no, no. Do compressions. Do compressions," said Lauren.Eventually, Zayden came to and the pair got the water out.
Zayden's mom, Amber Taylor, said the two year old had to be in the hospital for about 5 days. But now her family is thankful that Zayden is doing well.
"If Lauren had not been there at that time that she was, it would have been a whole different story for us," said Taylor.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she is dismissing the felony computer tampering charge brought against Gov. Eric Greitens (R-MO) in April.
Gardner made her statement the day after Greitens announced his resignation. According to a Wednesday Kansas City Star report, Greitens offered to resign as part of the deal to get the charge dismissed.
Gardner said the most “fair and just way to resolve the situation” is to dismiss the case, since Greitens would likely not face any jail time due to his status as first-time offender and the level of the crime.
The charge is a result of Greitens unlawfully using the donor list for a veterans charity called The Mission Continues to fundraise for his 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
Greitens could still be in hot water with another felony charge from February for invasion of privacy, when he allegedly took a picture of a nude woman without her consent and threatened to use it against her. The charge was dropped in early May, but Special Prosecutor Jean Peters Baker is currently deciding whether or not to refile.
Gardner declined to comment on that second charge, saying that it's in the hands of the special prosecutor.
Gardner ended her statement with an uplifting call for unity: “It's time for us to come together, to heal the wounds of the city and state, to build a place where people feel they are heard…”
Watch Gardner's address here.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
By Ken Bell
kbell@abc6.com
The Classical Purple won a a winner-take-all game against North Smithfield to claim the Division III championship, 12 to 2. Christian Sanchez went 3 for 4 and was named Most Valuable Player. It's Classical's first baseball title in 38-years.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
A valley mom's fight with a flesh-eating bacterial infection is gaining support near and far but none more touching than the community she lives and works in.
Scroll for more content...
"The kids' reaction was one of help," said Oakwood Elementary Principal Shawn Duguid.
When the staff learned that one of their own was battling a flesh-eating infection that had already affected 30% of her body they pitched in and raised $1,000.
The students also got in on the action. In just four days they were able to raise $7,000, and they got to do it by paying to break a few school rules.
"The kids could chew gum, they could wear pajama pants, wear hats….they also could bring whatever they wanted to eat on that day," said Duguid.
"It gave me a great feeling as the community comes together," he added.
Other fundraisers are planned in the coming days, and the staff has also organized a meal delivery system to get meals to the family.
"That filled up in about five minutes," Duguid said.
At a time where each day Christin Lipinski remains hospitalized, it's costing the family tens-of-thousands of dollars.
No one is more grateful for the outpouring of love and support than Christin's husband, Nathan, and their daughters.
"I couldn't imagine going through this without that. It's just been so helpful to know that everyone that Christin has touched and her story has got out just how much they care for her," said Lipinski. "Thanking them isn't enough."
He says his wife's condition is improving and her body is responding positively to treatment.
He says the infection has stopped spreading and now doctors are working to remove her from the ventilator within a few days. However, she will remain sedated, and he hopes she will be able to wake up in a few weeks so she can begin her rehabilitation and recovery.
Christin Lipinksi's family has created a GoFundMe page to assist with her recovery efforts.
[India], June 15 (ANI): Rashtriya Swayam Sewak's (RSS) Muslim wing Muslim Rashtriya Manch (MRM) has organised an Iftar party in Uttar Pradesh's Ayodhya on Wednesday.
Senior RSS leader Indresh Kumar was also present at yesterday's party.
The MRM was set up in 2002 by the RSS in a bid to reach out to the Muslims on various issues including the Ayodhya dispute.
According to rituals, Muslims break his fast during Ramzan with dates or a glass of water at the Iftar.
Fruit juices are also served at community Iftar parties, often hosted by various organisations, including political parties. (ANI)
[India], May 31 (ANI): The counting of votes for by-elections to four Lok Sabha seats and 10 assembly constituencies will be held today.
Lok Sabha Bypoll:
The Lok Sabha seats which went for polls were: Palghar and Bhandara-Gondiya in Maharashtra; the politically-crucial Kairana Lok Sabha constituency in Uttar Pradesh, and Nagaland parliamentary constituency.
It will be a litmus test for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) as a positive outcome is necessary for the saffron party to maintain its majority in the Lok Sabha.
The results will also test the mettle of a united opposition with that of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Though, after losing from Gorakhpur and Phulpur, the BJP had profusely campaigned to win the Kairana seat.
Similarly, in Maharashtra's Palghar and Bhandara-Gondiya, all four major parties -- the BJP, Shiv Sena, NCP, and Congress left no stone unturned to woo the electorates in their favour.
Elections were necessitated in Kairana after the seat fell vacant in February following the death of BJP leader Hukum Singh. The BJP has fielded Mriganka Singh, daughter of Singh, from this seat.
In Maharashtra, Palghar is a reserved seat, which was previously held by the BJP. The seat fell vacant after sitting BJP MP Chintaman Wanga died in January.
Chintaman Wanga had thrice won the constituency as a BJP member, however, after his death, his family had joined hands with the Shiv Sena.
In Bhandara-Gondiya the bye-election was necessitated when BJP's sitting MP Nana Patole quit the party to join the Congress in December last year.
Meanwhile, in Nagaland Neiphiu Rio of the Nationalist Democratic Progressive Party was the representative of the lone Lok Sabha constituency in Nagaland. Rio, who represented this constituency, quit in February to contest in the assembly election. Rio is the chief minister of Nagaland.
Assembly Bye-election:
The by-elections were held in Legislative Assemblies of Shahkot (Punjab), Tharali (Uttarakhand), Ampati (Meghalaya), Chengannur (Kerala), Jokihat (Bihar), Gomia (Jharkhand), Silli (Jharkhand), Maheshtala (West Bengal), Noorpur (Uttar Pradesh), Palus Kadegaon (Maharashtra).
The by-poll in Gomia Assembly was necessitated after the sitting MLA Yogendra Prasad Mahto of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) was expelled from the assembly after he was convicted in a coal theft case.
In Jharkhand's Silli the sitting MLA, Amit Mahto, of the JMM was convicted in a criminal assault case in March following which the seat fell vacant.
The seat of Noorpur in Uttar Pradesh fell vacant after the death of sitting BJP MLA Lokendra Singh Chouhan. Chouhan was a two-time MLA from here.
The Maheshtala seat was held by Trinamool Congress (TMC) MLA Kasturi Das until his death in February. He too had represented this constituency twice.
Former Meghalaya Chief Minister and Congress MLA Mukul Sangma resigned from Ampati seat in March, as he had also won from Songsak. Sangma was the MLA from this seat since 1993.
Tharali seat in Uttarakhand is reserved for the member of scheduled castes. The by-poll was necessitated after the death of the BJP MLA Magan Lal Shah in February.
Chengannur seat fell vacant after the death of Communist Party of India (Marxist) sitting MLA K.K. Ramachandran Nair in January.
Sarfaraz Alam had won the Jokihat assembly seat on Janata Dal (United) (JD-U) ticket. He later contested from RJD ticket and resigned in April from the post of MLA after his victory in the Araria Lok Sabha by-poll.
The Shiromani Akali Dal representative of the Shahkot seat, Ajit Singh Kohar the sitting MLA, died in February, which necessitated by-poll in the assembly. Kohar had won from the constituency in 2012 and 2017.
The by-poll in Palus-Kadegaon Assembly constituency was necessitated due to the death of Congress's Patangrao Kadam, who had won the constituency twice. The EC has declared Kadam's son elected unopposed as the BJP had withdrawn its candidate.
These bye-elections were also marred with the complaints of EVM malfunctioning and in the view of which the election commission had to replace the faulty machines at certain places after which repolling was held on several booths on Wednesday. (ANI)
State finance officials say Oklahoma's economy is continuing to show positive signs and state treasury collections are reaching all-time highs for both the last month and year.
State Treasurer Ken Miller released figures Tuesday that show a record $12.8 billion in overall collections for the last year, including $1.1 billion in gross receipts for the month of June. Both are record highs.
The revenue collection numbers don't include collections from new taxes on cigarettes, fuel and energy production that went into effect July 1. Those taxes are projected to generate an additional $430 million annually and will help fund teacher pay raises.
Miller reports overall collections to the state treasury during the recently completed fiscal year were up by $1.2 billion. That's more than 11 percent over the previous year.
March 31Zhejiang Vie Science & Technology Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 40 percent to 70 percent, or to be 31.3 million yuan to 38 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (22.4 million yuan)
* Says increased sales revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/CpDUxO
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
AUSTIN, Texas — A student at a middle school in Texas paid a stripper to visit campus on Thursday, school administrators confirmed to the American-Statesman.
According to the paper, the woman went to the provided address around 11:30 a.m. on Thursday. When she arrived and discovered it was Grisham Middle School, she called the front office and explained what happened.
According to Jenny LaCoste-Caputo, a spokeswoman for Round Rock Independent School District, the woman did not enter the school.
The student used his cell phone to call the stripper and paid for the services using his parent's credit card, according to CBS Austin.
School officials said the student is facing “disciplinary action.”
In an email sent to parents and obtained by the American-Statesman, Principal Paige Hadziselimovic explained what happened on Thursday:
“Our staff handled the situation with the utmost decorum and professionalism. While regrettable, the incident had no negative impact on any students, other than the student who is responsible.”
TOKYO, April 12 Japan's navy plans joint drills with the U.S. Navy's Carl Vinson carrier strike group as it steams towards the Korean peninsula in a display of military power aimed at deterring the North Korean regime from further missile tests, two sources said.
The Japanese Maritime Self Defence Force (MSDF) may conduct helicopter landings on each other's ships, as well as communication drills, as the USS Carl Vinson and its escort ships pass through waters close to Japanese territory, the sources said.
"Japan wants to dispatch several destroyers as the Carl Vinson enters the East China Sea," said one of the sources.
One the people who spoke to Reuters has direct knowledge of the plan, while the other has been briefed on the exercises. MSDF officials did not respond immediately when asked to comment.
The display of U.S.-Japan naval power close to China could upset Beijing, which is locked in a territorial dispute with Tokyo in the region over uninhabited islets close to Taiwan.
The show of naval force by Tokyo comes as concern grows in Japan over the rapid pace of North Korea's ballistic missile development and U.S. President Donald Trump's threat of unilateral action to solve the North Korean problem.
North Korean state media warned on Tuesday of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression.
Trump, who has urged China to do more to rein in its impoverished ally and neighbour, said on Twitter that North Korea was "looking for trouble" and the United States would "solve the problem" with or without Beijing's help.
South Korea's acting president, Hwang Kyo-ahn, has warned of "greater provocations" by North Korea and ordered the military to intensify monitoring and ensure close communication with Washington.
Tension has escalated sharply on the Korean peninsula amid concerns that reclusive North Korea may soon conduct a sixth nuclear test.
North Korea fired a liquid-fueled Scud missile this month, the latest in a series of tests that have displayed the Pyongyang regime's ability to launch attacks and use hard-to-detect solid-fuel rockets and tracked launch vehicles.
North Korean officials, including leader Kim Jong-un, have indicated an intercontinental ballistic missile test or something similar could be coming, possibly as soon as Saturday, the 105th birthday of North Korea's founding president.
North Korea remains technically at war with the United States and its ally South Korea after the 1950-1953 Korean conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. It regularly threatens to destroy both countries.
The Carl Vinson strike group, which cancelled a planned visit to Australia, is sailing from Singapore. The 100,000 ton Nimitz-class vessel is powered by two nuclear reactors and carriers almost 100 aircraft.
Under Third Fleet command, it has been patrolling Asia for several months as the Seventh Fleet's forward-deployed carrier in Yokosuka, Japan, undergoes scheduled maintenance.
Japan's navy, the second largest in Asia after China, is made up mostly of escort destroyers, but includes four large helicopter carriers. (Reporting by Nobuhiro Kubo; writing by Tim Kelly; Editing by Michael Perry)
April 5 Myriad Genetics Inc-
* Myriad Genetics -published third clinical validation study and second clinical utility study for its mypath melanoma test
* Myriad Genetics Inc says will submit reimbursement dossier to medicare and private insurers three months earlier than expected
* Myriad Genetics-3rd clinical validation study shows mypath melanoma test had overall diagnostic accuracy of 95 percent to differentiate melanoma from benign lesions Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The following deaths have taken place in the wider Leitrim area:
Patrick Kilpatrick - Inchicore, Dublin / Drumkeerin, Co. Leitrim
Patrick Kilpatrick, Inchicore, Dublin and formerly Sheena, Drumkeerin, Co Leitrim on tuesday, 14th February, 2017 (peacefully) at home, surrounded by his family. Beloved husband of Sarah and very much loved dad of Pat, Paul, Harry, Gabriel, Suzanne, Deirdre, Kathleen, Siobhan and Martha. He will be greatly missed by his family, his thirty grandchildren, great-grandchildren, sister-in-law Eva, brother-in-law John, sons-in-law, daughter-in-law, nieces, nephews, relatives, friends and neighbours. Rest in Peace Removal on Saturday morning, 18th February, to the Church of Mary Immaculate (Oblates), Inchicore, arriving at 10.50am for Requiem Mass at 11.00 followed by burial in Newlands Cross Cemetery.
Christy Higgins, Ballyshannon, Co. Donegal
Christy Higgins, Abbeylands, Ballyshannon, Co. Donegal. Remains will arrive in St Patrick's Church, Ballyshannon, on Wednesday for 11am Funeral Mass, followed by interment in the Abbey Cemetery, Ballyshannon. Family flowers only please.
Thomas Maguire, Cliffoney, Co. Sligo / Kiltyclogher, Co. Leitrim
The death has occurred of Thomas Maguire, Cloyspara, Cliffoney, Co. Sligo and formerly of Aughavanney, Kiltyclogher, Co. Leitrim, unexpectedly, on Sunday, 12th February, 2017, at St. John's Hospital, Sligo. Beloved husband of Pauline. Loving father of Derek, Karen, Allison, Gemma, Keith, Paul and Thomas Graham and grandfather to Chloe, Juliette and Eva. Sadly missed by his sons-in-law, Chris and Marcus, daughters-in-law, Fiona, Ciara and Kelly. His devoted brother Ben and sister Mary McLoughlin (Blacklion), brothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, nieces, nephews, relatives and friends. Reposing at his home on Wednesday from 3pm until 9pm. Removal on Thursday morning to St Molaise's Church, Cliffoney arriving for 12 noon Funeral Mass with burial afterwards in Rathcormac Cemetery. House private at all other times please. Family Flowers only. Donations in lieu, if desired, to the dedicated staff of I.C.U. Sligo University Hospital c/o McGloin Undertakers.
Luke Flynn, Ballyfeeney, Kilglass, Co. Roscommon
Luke Flynn, Ballyfeeney, Kilglass, Co. Roscommon on Sunday, February 12th 2017, peacefully, in the loving care of the nurses and staff at Innis Ree nursing home, Ballyleague, in his 102nd year, surrounded by his loving family. Sadly missed by his heartbroken son and daughters, Vera (Irwin), Phil (McGowan), Frank, Geraldine (Flynn), Helena (King), Bríd (Connellan), grandchildren, great-grandchildren, daughter-in-law, sons-in-law, nieces, nephews, cousins, relatives, neighbours and many friends. Rest In Peace. Funeral mass at 12 noon today, Wednesday 15th, in the Church of the Sacred Heart, Kilglass with burial afterwards in Scramogue Cemetery. Family flowers only please, donations if desired to the Patient Comfort Fund, Innis Ree Nursing home C/O Tully's Funeral Directors, Slatta, Kilglass, Co Roscommon or any family member.
Josephine Duffy, Drumlish, Co. Longford
Josephine Duffy (née Devaney), Drumlish, Co Longford and Lismacaffrey, Co Westmeath, on Sunday, February 12, 2017, peacefully, at the Regional Hospital Mullingar in the company of her loving family. Beloved wife of the late Philip and dear mother of the late Mary Raven (England) - recently deceased. She will be very sadly missed by her loving family Pat, Helen (Gilling), Ann (Scally) and Philip, her much loved grandchildren and great-grandchildren, daughters-in-law, sons-in-law, nieces, nephews, relatives and friends. May she rest in peace. Funeral Mass today Wednesday at 12 noon in St Mary's Church, Boherquill followed by burial in St Columcille's Cemetery, Aughnacliffe.
School is out, and so is the sun. It's a good time to think about an outdoor activity like a picnic. If you have ever tried to pack up all the food and supplies in a basket and then attempted to carry it, you know it's no picnic. You might want to consider a canvas tote instead.
One benefit of a fabric tote bag is it is literally a blank canvas just waiting for your own personal touches. A simple way to decorate the bag is to paint it, which calls for nothing more than fabric paint, a paintbrush and a sheet of self-adhesive felt.
Draw stars and stripes on the back side of the self-adhesive felt and cut them out. Peel off the backing and fasten the designs onto the bag. Paint around the stars with blue paint and around the stripes with red paint. When the paint dries, remove the felt to reveal your final design. Cleanup is as easy as rinsing the brushes with warm water, and it's simple to set the paint by ironing the back of the fabric. Extra bonus ... the bag is now washable!
The decorated tote is so lightweight it's possible to jam it with a plethora of picnic supplies including a bottle of wine, breads, cheeses, fruit and even flowers to set the mood. And there's still plenty of room for a tablecloth, dishes and silverware — everything you need for a super picnic.
Scroll for more content...
Hannah Chumley felt a hand reach out and yank on her clothes -- her bra strap, specifically.
It belonged to another skater who was falling from his board, and in doing so, trying to pull Chumley down onto the concrete with him.
The 19-year-old managed to escape his grip, but felt shaken by the encounter. It was one in a series of aggressions she says she feels on a regular basis at the skate park, where she's been practicing tricks since she was seven years old.
"Almost every time I go to the skate park, people are so shocked to see a girl that skates," she told CNN.
And when male skaters find out she identifies as queer-- she turns down their advances with the simple "I have a girlfriend" -- their responses tend to become mean, sometimes even violent.
Chumley didn't want their attitudes to stop her from doing what she loves most, but at the end of the day, she was beginning to feel unsafe at her local skate park.
The college student realized that if she wanted to find an inclusive environment for LGBTQ+ skaters in her city, she needed to make it happen herself.
So, in January, Chumley put up a flyer for Atlanta's first Queer Skate Day and hoped her idea would resonate with other people. Before long, dozens of queer skaters of all levels started gathering on a weekly basis.
Their community has grown quickly in the past six months. The Atlanta group is only one example of how LBGTQ+ skaters are rising up across the United States to break down barriers in skateboarding and build safe havens that celebrate them for who they are.
They create their own safe spaces
"Historically, skateboarding has always been dominated by straight white men," said Chumley. "It's so behind the times, and it needs to change."
She refers to high-profile skaters like Jay Adams, who was convicted of felony assault in 1982 in the fatal beating of a gay man, and Jason Jessee, who apologized in May after old interviews in which he made homophobic slurs resurfaced online.
Sophia Mackey, who has been attending Queer Skate since March, says it's made a big difference for her to have a place dedicated to the intersection of queerness and skating.
Mackey believes that both "queer culture and skate culture offer a space for free-spirited people with alternative interests."
Events like Queer Skate Day, she says, are essential in making sure LGBTQ skaters "feel safe and have a good experience that's ours."
Beyond skating itself, the meetup is also a way for LGBTQ people in Atlanta to bond and rally around one another.
"Before we had queer skate, I would go to the skate park and feel so frozen and intimidated," said Camila Izaguirre, Chumley's girlfriend and co-founder of the group. "But being there with other queer skaters makes me feel so encouraged and motivated."
Their mutual support makes it easier to learn to skate
LP White learned to skateboard as a preteen but lost interest over the years, partially because it was difficult to connect with other skaters. The 24-year-old from Portland, who prefers the pronouns they/them, decided to pick their board back up a little over a year ago. This time, they promised, they weren't going to put it down again.
To be able to keep their word, White needed to find other like-minded people to skate with.
They searched repeatedly on Facebook until coming across a group that hosts Queer Skate Night once a month at Commonwealth Skateboarding, a shop with an indoor park in Portland.
"I think for me, the importance of it is that I wouldn't have kept skateboarding if it wasn't for that," White told CNN. "And I think it's the same for so many people, so many friends from (the group) who are also queer and want to get better at skating."
What started as three or four people showing up to skate together last year has grown into 10 and sometimes upward of 20 at every meetup.
White says the skill level ranges from experienced skaters who are sponsored by companies to beginners who attended once, fell in love with the environment and kept coming back.
Being around other LGBTQ people take the competitive edge off learning, says White. Everyone is there to lift each other up and cheer on each other's accomplishments, whether it's unlocking a complicated new trick or being able to ride 20 feet without falling off.
"A big part of it for me and others I've talked to is that I think when there's queer meetups or you're skating with other queer people, it doesn't feel like there's anything to prove," White told CNN. "It feels like you're just having fun and with your friends."
And by establishing a place where people will feel accepted and embraced for who they are, the PDX Queer Skate Crew is opening the doors to a sport that saw its first professional skater come out as gay less than two years ago.
"I just think what's really important is this community-building aspect of it," White said. "I think it's important to grant access to activities to people who feel like they may not have it otherwise."
They mix skating with LGBTQ art and culture
In California, Miriam Klein Stahl, 48, and Tara Jepsen, 45, focus on the visual side of the queer and skate communities.
Stahl lives in Berkeley and Jepsen lives in Los Angeles, but the two were brought together by their desire to heighten visibility for LGBTQ imagery within skateboarding.
They partnered up last year to design skateboard decks -- the visuals featured on the boards themselves -- and apparel that highlights queer icons like poet Justin Chin and activist Audre Lorde.
Their company, Pave the Way, is a "sister company" with Unity, a Bay-Area skate and art collective that holds LQBTQ meetups in cities around the world.
The two groups sometimes host events together, at which Stahl and Jepsen like to distribute their designs for free.
"For us, we're not doing this to make money," Stahl told CNN. "We're doing because we love skateboarding and we're proud of our queer culture and want to promote both at the same time."
For Pave the Way, artwork with positive depictions of LGBTQ people is an essential way of increasing acceptance and fostering safe spaces for a variety of gender and sexual identities in skateboarding.
And the company's mission has been widely embraced by everyone, says Stahl. When skaters who may not identify as LGBTQ use Pave the Way's boards, it helps to reinforce an open and welcoming environment for everyone.
The two women also take pride in showing that anyone can skate at any age; Jepsen started when she was 36.
As they ride into their 40s, they say both their friendship and their skating has blossomed thanks to Pave the Way.
But knowing that skateboarding can be an isolated sport, and knowing it hasn't always been friendly to LGBTQ people in the past, Stahl and Jepsen hope to show newcomers that it's cool to take pride in being both queer and a skater.
"A lot of it is for the younger generations to feel like they don't have to go at it alone, that there's going to be community around them," Jepsen said.
And it seems to be working.
Stahl teaches visual arts at a high school in Berkeley. She says many of her students love the gear and "want to ride our boards."
The Smithsonian American History Museum is also acquiring a PAYE the Way deck for its permanent collection.
They seek common ground with straight skaters
Mo Hayden of Grand Rapids, Michigan, picked up her first board in August 2017.
"I saw Unity's videos and I was like, 'that looks so cool," she said.
The 23-year-old student got hooked immediately and began making art related to skating during the time she wasn't practicing.
As she entered the scene, however, Hayden also wanted other women and LGBTQ people to feel comfortable showing up to parks and skating with everyone there.
For her senior Visual Studies show at Grand Valley State University, she held two skate days to bring skaters in the community together.
Two people came to skate, which she says she expected from hosting it an art gallery, but slowly, she is encouraging other skaters in Grand Rapids to let their guard down and be kind to one another.
"I'm really open about being a beginner and being femme-presenting and queer," she said. "That's like an admission of vulnerability, and maybe we can all meet there."
Hayden and her friends hold meetups where they all help each other with tricks. She says straight skaters often welcome them and join in on the meetups.
The recent graduate stresses the importance of finding common ground instead of forming an us-versus-them narrative around mainstream skating and queer skating.
"It's not a separate culture," she said. "We all have to share this culture."
The Palm Beach County Sheriffs Office has arrested a local high school student who allegedly brought a loaded gun to school.
The incident occurred Friday at Forest Hill high school.
According to the report, the student was in violation of their curfew so authorities had probable cause to arrest the student. Authorities contacted the school which then made contact with the student. When authorities arrived to pick up the student, they discovered the loaded weapon in the student's procession.
A recorded call was sent out to parents regarding the incident, but details pertaining to the student were omitted. Principal Mary Stratos did say, however, that the student faces criminal charges and disciplinary action from the school.
This is the third incident involving a gun at a high school in Palm Beach County in a week.
The post Local High School Student Arrested with Loaded Gun appeared first on 850 WFTL.
Posted by admin on February 3, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
A Donald Trump supporter had every right to brandish a profane protest sign in a busy public park on a summer's day at Niagara Falls, Ontario's top court ruled on Monday.
In quashing a trespass notice issued to Fredrick Bracken, the Court of Appeal said the ability to protest publicly — even using vulgar language — is an essential part of the democratic process.
“In a free society, individuals are permitted to use open public spaces to address the people assembled there, to challenge each other, and to call government to account,” the Appeal Court said. “The idea that the parks are somehow different — that they are categorically a ‘safe space' where people are to be protected from exposure to political messages — is antithetical to a free and democratic society and would set a dangerous precedent.”
At the same time, the court upheld the constitutionality of a rule barring park users from abusive behaviour that could interfere with the enjoyment of other users. The provision, the court found, was a reasonable restriction on free speech.
The case arose in August 2016 in the run-up to the presidential election in the United States. Bracken, of Fort Erie, Ont., was in a park near the falls holding up a sign reading: “Trump is right. F—k China. F—k Mexico.”
Niagara Parks police decided the sign was offensive and disturbing visitors. Officers told Bracken he could not display the sign and told him to leave.
A couple of days later, Bracken went to the Parks police headquarters, where he was told that if he returned to the park with the sign, he would be removed under trespassing laws.
He turned to the courts, seeking a declaration that parks rules prohibiting “abusive or insulting language” that interferes with other park users was unconstitutional, and that the oral trespass notice police gave him had violated his free speech rights.
In September 2016, Superior Court Justice James Ramsay ruled that constitutionally guaranteed freedom of expression does not apply to shouting insulting or abusive language in parks. However, Ramsay declined to rule on the validity of the oral trespass notice because he was not satisfied police had actually issued such a notice.
Bracken turned to the Court of Appeal, which decided Ramsay was mistaken to conclude that park rules did not infringe on free speech. The judge was also wrong in deciding police had not issued a trespass notice so there was nothing to quash, the Appeal Court found.
For their part, Niagara Parks police and Niagara Parks Commission tried to argue that the parks are intended to be a place of refuge where users can experience natural beauty without the distraction of potentially divisive expression. However, the higher court found the plaza where Bracken was protesting was a busy, partly commercial area where neither quiet nor an absence of distraction was possible.
At the same time, the court upheld the law itself on the grounds that it aims to prevent individuals and groups from using public spaces in a way that makes them unfit for others to use. When the line is crossed must be decided on a case-by-case basis and, the Appeal Court said, Bracken in no way went too far.
“The public is not required to endure personalized invective, but nothing in the sign's message could be characterized in this way,” the Appeal Court said. “The display of the sign, despite its profanity, did not constitute the use of insulting or abusive language.”
In November 2016, Niagara police arrested Bracken, then 39, during a similar protest at Brock University, according to the student paper Brock News. He was charged with assaulting a student and making offensive racial comments.
Colin Perkel, The Canadian Press
Editor's note: Breaking views are thoughts from individual members of the editorial board on today's headlines.
California's prison guards are set to get a five percent pay raise this year.
Why?
Because California state government is led by unprincipled politicians who gladly throw around taxpayer money to appease public sector unions.
That's why.
The 5 percent raise was so unjustified the nonpartisan Legislative Analyst's Office had to speak up.
The LAO wrote in May that there's “weak justification for [the] large pay increase,” that there's “no evidence of recruitment and retention issues,” that “pay raises since 2001-02 have exceeded inflation,” that the “pay increase will likely be extended to managers and supervisors” and that the “pay increase could increase [the] state pension contribution rate.”
But none that mattered to the overwhelming majority of state legislators, who approved the one-year contract with the raise on June 14.
In the Senate, only Sen. John Moorlach, R-Costa Mesa, spoke up against the raise on the Senate floor. “If in this budget we are not going to make a concerted effort to reduce our unfunded liabilities, we should be very cautious about giving pay raises,” he said.
Sen. Holly Mitchell, D-Los Angeles, usually one of the wiser state senators on criminal justice issues, nevertheless urged a vote in favor.
It passed 30-3, with only Moorlach, Democrat Steve Glazer and Republican Mike Morrell voting against.
The Assembly was no better. Assemblyman Jay Obernolte, R-Big Bear Lake, was the only one to speak against it on the floor. “California already has the highest cost per incarcerated prisoner of any state in the country, this MOU will exacerbate that situation,” he said.
Then Democrat Phil Ting, wearing a bow tie, said something about how hardworking the prison guards are and how other unions have gotten similar raises too and asked for a vote in support.
It passed 73-5, with Obernolte, joined by fellow Republicans Travis Allen, Catharine Baker, Kevin Kiley and Melissa Melendez, voting against the contract.
The lopsided outcome, in defiance of fiscal responsibility and the many reasons to vote against it, and the bipartisan approval for the deal is hardly a surprise.
Most Republican politicians will talk a good game about fiscal responsibility, but they have their own favored special interests, with “public safety” unions among their favorite, and they rarely flinch at Big Government in the form of grotesque prison spending.
The Democratic establishment, meanwhile, is all too willing to abandon principle to appease its primary constituent: public sector unions. After all, they'll gladly throw disabled workers under the bus if it means pleasing the SEIU, as they just did. And they'll throw unjustifiable pay raises to the California prison guards with little objection.
Related Articles Reaffirming our independence
Janus decision gives public employees workplace freedom just in time for Independence Day
How Google's ‘do the right thing' could go wrong
Supreme Court gave free speech life with pregnancy center decision
Trump says he'll name Supreme Court nominee on July 9: Political Cartoons It's no wonder California's prison spending continues to rise even as the number of prisoners falls, and that as a result per-prisoner spending is now around $80,000 a year. It's also no wonder it took a United States Supreme Court case, and multiple voter initiatives, for California to make any meaningful progress on criminal justice reform. California needed federal court orders and voter initiatives to do things right.
With Republican politicians who abandon fiscal responsibility and all their talk about respect for the individual when it comes to locking people up, and Democrats who mostly just care about keeping public sector unions happy, it's no wonder California's the mess it is.
It unfortunately appears the LAO, Moorlach, Glazer, Morrell, Baker, Kiley, Melendez, Obernolte and Travis Allen were the only ones who had their heads on straight when looking at the prison guard contract. All the others just revealed what they're all about, and shouldn't be taken seriously when it comes to budget matters or prison spending.
Sal Rodriguez is an editorial writer and columnist for the Southern California News Group. He may be reached at salrodriguez@scng.com
FORMER Test star Adam Voges says he has big shoes to fill after being named as Justin Langer's successor at Western Australia.
Voges has been signed on a three-year deal to coach the side, replacing Langer who was named Australia's new head coach several weeks ago.
Langer enjoyed remarkable success as WA coach, guiding the Perth Scorchers to three Big Bash League titles, and the Warriors to two one-day titles.
LIVE Stream the best of international cricket outside of Australia on FOX SPORTS. SIGN UP NOW >
Camera Icon Justin Langer, former coach of the Scorchers, celebrates with Adam Voges during the Big Bash League in January. Picture: Getty Images
MORGAN: WHY WOUNDED AUSSIES HAVE A POINT TO PROVE
COACH LANGER SETS THE NEW STANDARD
GILLY: THE BIZARRE TEST ALL JUSTIN LANGER'S PLAYERS MUST PASS
He also led WA to two Sheffield Shield finals.
Now he will be succeeded by another Western Australian cricketing favourite, who retired from first-class cricket last year, and quit the T20 ranks earlier this year.
The 38-year-old will go down as one of WA's greats after amassing more than 10,000 runs for the state over a 15-year career.
He also played 20 Tests for Australia, averaging 61.87 with the bat - the second-highest of all time for players with 20 or more caps under their belt.
Camera Icon Langer (pictured with Voges) enjoyed remarkable success as WA coach, guiding the Perth Scorchers to three Big Bash League titles, and the Warriors to two one-day titles. Picture: Getty Images
Voges steps into coaching straight after his playing days, which is something he previously indicated he was willing to do.
He initially expected that to be an assistant role, but jumped at the chance to land the head role when Langer departed.
Voges said he takes over a side with ‘strong foundations' that he hopes he can take on to end WA's 20-year Sheffield Shield drought.
“We already have strong foundations in WA and I'm looking forward to building on them, the values, the structures and the people are all excellent,” Voges said.
He added: “The focus for this year is very much improving our red ball cricket and making sure we're right up there in the Sheffield Shield.”
Western Australian Cricket Association chief Ms Christina Matthews said Voges was the ‘natural progression' after Langer left.
She explained that Voges has been a key figure in establishing a culture of success in the west, and that he has a thorough understanding of the players and current staff.
“Adam has a playing group that believe in his brand of leadership, players who have followed him for many years and look up to him as a trusted mentor and friend,” she said.
“Keeping both the Scorchers and Warriors under the same head coach was a big win, it's worked well for us in the past and Adam can provide that consistency.”
With AAP
AUSTRALIAN Davis Cup hopes rest on Nick Kyrgios' shoulders with Germany taking a 2-1 lead into the final day of the first round World Group tie in Brisbane.
World No.14 Kyrgios and rookie Alex de Minaur must win their reverse singles rubbers on Sunday for Australia to qualify for April's quarterfinals after Matthew Ebden and John Peers lost the crucial doubles clash in five sets on Saturday.
It won't be easy for Kyrgios to keep the best-of-five tie alive when he faces world No.5 Alexander Zverev in the first reverse singles rubber at 1pm AEDT.
GERMAN DOUBLES PUNT STUNS AUSSIES
BERNIE WHO? DEMON CAN BE NEXT AUSSIE STAR
However the Australian star holds a dominant 5-1 winning head-to-head record in all competitions against Zverev, a good friend and fellow rising superstar of tennis.
“They are two of the young, talented players on the tour - it's going to be a great match over five sets,” Australian captain Hewitt said of the match-up.
“I am glad I have got Nick on my side.
“He has played so well for me in the past - hopefully he can go out there and do it again.
“We are a long way from beaten, that's for sure.”
If Kyrgios is triumphant, 18-year-old debutant de Minaur will then need to step up and seal the tie against power-serving world No.58 Struff — ranked 81 spots higher than the plucky Australian.
Schedule
Day 3 (Sunday): Reverse singles, from 1pm AEDT
LIVE UPDATES (if the blog does not appear, click here )
DARWINITES lined the city streets in their thousands to pay their respects to those who lost their lives in war and those still serving on Wednesday.
Veterans of past conflicts and men and women still in uniform marched through the streets with their heads held high as crowds waved flags and cheered in recognition of their service.
Royal Australian Air Force medic Katie Smith was among a group of women who led the annual parade for the first time this year, which meant she was able to join in rather than stand on the sidelines.
“I couldn't march last year because I couldn't take my children and there were no women specific (group), which was hard so I stood on the side,” she said.
“It was still great to watch, great to be a part of it but this year was fantastic.”
Leading Aircraftswoman Smith said next year her children would even be able to march along beside her.
“One of my fellow colleagues marched with her pram (this year) which I thought was absolutely fantastic,” she said.
“It's part of the whole pathway to change and understanding that this is our workforce now and honestly it makes it a lot easier for us.”
Camera Icon Veterans in the Anzac Day march in Darwin. Picture: News Limited, Keri Megelus
For Norforce Lieutenant Nicholas Piper, stationed at Larrakeyah, his third Anzac Day parade in Darwin was the biggest yet.
“It's definitely ramping up over the years, I think the public are becoming more and more proud and more (understanding) of the awareness that goes around service,” he said.
“I think they're getting around Anzac Day a lot more and it's good to see the support from the general public.”
For 86-year-old Helen Plenty, the day was a chance to remember three of her family members who served their country in past wars.
“My father was in the Army, my husband was in the Air Force and his father was in the First World War,” she said.
“He was Light Horse and they went to Gallipoli, but not the original because the Light Horse went on the 12th of May as reinforcements.”
A SHOCKING video appearing to show a father egging his son on to beat up another teen has led to the arrest of the pair in South Australia today.
Police confirmed this morning that a 14-year-old boy and a 45-year-old man had been arrested and charged with aggravated assault after the offending footage hit social media.
They will allege that the attack, which took place on Monday morning in Port Augusta, was not a random incident and that the victim was known to the pair.
In the video the father can be heard to accuse the victim of spitting on his daughter.
Camera Icon Police confirmed the pair in the video have been arrested with aggravated assault.
He then tells him: “If you throw a punch at my son, I'll smash your f---ing face in.”
The shocking video shows him telling the youngster to get on his knees and apologise before screaming: “If I ever hear you say a thing again... I'm going to come to your house and there's going to be f---ing hell.”
Police allege the incident took place on Monday morning and that it surfaced on social media shortly afterwards.
Camera Icon The video emerged on social media sparking the police to get involved.
Following their arrests the father was bailed to appear in the Port Augusta Magistrates Court on January 2, next year.
The 14-year-old boy was bailed to appear in the Port Augusta Youth Court on January 3.
After hearing from the public on a couple occasions, this newspaper has avoided overt commentary on national/world news, instead focusing on local and general matters as much as we can. However, the recent college football playoff announcement has us seeing crimson.
That's not because Ohio State wasn't one of the top four teams chosen. No, we think the only undefeated major college team, the University of Central Florida, should be numbed one, especially after an exciting 62-55 double-overtime victory over Memphis to win the American Athletic Conference.
Yes, we think the four teams with the best records should square off in the current playoff format. That means any undefeated teams should be the top seeds, with the committee picking among the top one-loss teams to round out the field. Teams with perfect seasons should be rewarded for running the table, regardless of what conference they're in. Does that mean we think they'll win it all? No, but we like seeing underdogs try.
Under the present format, Ohio State was prevented from getting in. It's not so much that they lost to Oklahoma at home early in the season, it's that second loss, by 31 points at Iowa. Sorry folks, that's a deal-breaker.
However, we'd like to see the major colleges have an expanded playoff system, just like there is at the Division II and Division III levels. Even here, exciting football is played, and one of the best college teams at any level — Mount Union — is in Ohio. We often hear sports journalists and former players say that an expanded playoff makes the season too long, but if you poll the players and the public, no one would object to more football in winter.
There are two scenarios that could work for an expanded playoff:
1. An eight-team playoff, featuring the champions of the so-called five power conferences: the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC), Big Ten Conference (B1G), Big 12 Conference, Pac-12 Conference, and Southeastern Conference (SEC). The other three would be conference champions chosen by committee, and other winning teams could play in the lesser bowl games. Under this scenario, conference champions OSU would be in the playoff; and conference runners-up Alabama could have played in this year's first bowl game, Dec. 16's Camellia Bowl in Montgomery, Ala. Camellia is a pink flower.
2. A 16-team playoff, with the champions of all 10 Division I-A conferences playing: American Athletic, ACC, B1G, Big 12, Conference USA, Mid-American, Mountain West, Pac-12, SEC, Sun Belt. The rest could of the field could be made up of FBS Independents (this year, popular teams Notre Dame and Army had winning records, while BYU and UMass would be out) and the committee's choice of conference runners-up, if you really want to see Alabama and Wisconsin that bad. That would mean this year's Cotton Bowl with OSU and the University of Southern California on Dec. 29 would be a match-up of champions, with the winner going on to the next round.
Yes, there will always be complaints about someone getting snubbed, but we think winning your conference championship should count for something, and getting all 10 conference champions in a playoff would be the fairest way to settle who is best on the gridiron. Oh well, we'll be rooting for the Buckeyes, UCF and Georgia this bowl season.
Camellia x ‘Pink Icicle' http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2017/12/web1_camellia.jpg Camellia x ‘Pink Icicle'
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — US Secretary of Defense James Mattis has directed the Pentagon's personnel to begin the review of the US nuclear posture and produce a report on it by the end of 2017, Department of Defense Chief Spokesperson Dana White said in a press release on Monday.
"Today, Secretary Mattis directed the commencement of the review, which will be led by the deputy secretary of defense and the vice chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, and include interagency partners," the release stated. "The process will culminate in a final report to the president by the end of the year."
On April 4, US STRATCOM chief Gen. John Hyten called for modernizing the country's nuclear triad.
WHEN it comes to interviews, Jack Higgins is still a little rough around the edges.
But most footy fans will be hoping that's exactly the way he stays.
The Richmond goalsneak has surged to cult hero status despite having played only two games, with his footy skills and on-field exuberance doing the talking.
Higgins booted three goals in just his second game last night, emerging as a key figure in the win over Melbourne at the MCG.
Speaking to Seven post-game, the 19-year-old spoke about his decision to give away the final year of his studies to focus on bettering his chances of being picked up in the AFL Draft.
“I wasn't doing that well at school, as you can probably see,” Higgins said.
“It wasn't worth me going through year 12.
“I'm happy with my decision and I wouldn't change it for the world.”
Camera Icon Jack Higgins has become a fan favourite already. Picture: Getty Images
Higgins had the Seven calling team in stitches with some of his answers, coupled with an already trademark smile and candour.
“My year 11 marks weren't too flash,” he said.
“I was mainly getting Fs... too busy on the iPad and YouTube and stuff like that.
“So I made the right decision.”
Watch the full interview in the player above.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
Officials from across the nation are checking out a prison program that can serve as a model for treating young adult offenders.
Officials from across the nation are checking out a prison program that can serve as a model for treating young adult offenders.
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as his colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as his colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Eric Greitens' planned resignation as Missouri governor will elevate another Republican military veteran to the office, but one with more experience in working with state lawmakers.
Eric Greitens' planned resignation as Missouri governor will elevate another Republican military veteran to the office, but one with more experience in working with state lawmakers.
(AP Photo/Charlie Riedel, File). FILE - In this Aug. 17, 2017, file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, left, talks to Lt. Gov. Mike Parson during the Governor's Ham Breakfast at the Missouri State Fair in Sedalia, Mo. Greitens abruptly announced his r...
(AP Photo/Charlie Riedel, File). FILE - In this Aug. 17, 2017, file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, left, talks to Lt. Gov. Mike Parson during the Governor's Ham Breakfast at the Missouri State Fair in Sedalia, Mo. Greitens abruptly announced his r...
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
Amazon says an "unlikely" string of events prompted its Echo personal assistant device to record a Portland, Oregon, family's private conversation and then send the recording to an acquaintance in Seattle.
Amazon says an "unlikely" string of events prompted its Echo personal assistant device to record a Portland, Oregon, family's private conversation and then send the recording to an acquaintance in Seattle.
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
By TOM JAMES
Associated Press
SALEM, Ore. (AP) - The head of Oregon's emergency management agency has apologized after a cryptic emergency alert was forced out to cellphones in and around Oregon's capital city, displaying the words "Civil Emergency" and "Prepare for Action," but carrying little other information.
Andrew Phelps said late Tuesday that a technical glitch had cut off crucial information: that the alert concerned elevated levels of a natural toxin in a local reservoir. Children and people with compromised immune systems have been told not to drink tap water in the Salem, Oregon, area, after an algae bloom caused the spike.
"The integrated public alert warning system inadvertently defaulted to a generic message," Phelps said in a video posted on the social media by the Office of Emergency Management. "I apologize for the confusion and the anxiety this incomplete message has caused."
The incident marked a high-profile glitch in authorities' use of emergency alert systems, following a false alarm sent out by Hawaii officials in January warning of an incoming ballistic missile.
The systems are capable of pushing messages directly to every cellphone in a given area even if users haven't subscribed or downloaded an app. Phelps said the message had also been broadcast via local television stations.
Confusion surrounded the initial alert even within the emergency management agency, with a spokesperson telling reporters the message had caught them unawares and state police asking residents via a Facebook post not to call 911 about the alert.
Officials sent a second message 31 minutes later with more information and a link to a municipal website, which briefly crashed under the load.
Within hours of the alert going out Tuesday night, the aisles at one supermarket in the city's downtown center were stripped of bottled water, and a shopping cart lay tipped on its side in front of the empty shelves. Workers had brought out a pallet of sparkling water, which they placed at the front of the store, and told customers they hoped they'd get more regular water in the morning.
Wednesday morning Cole Mahaffey, a Salem resident, set down a case of bottled water he was carrying down the sidewalk and described the uneasy feeling of seeing the first alert arrive on his phone, with an ominous warning but no other information.
"It almost made me not want to go outside," Mahaffey said, adding that the alert caught him at the gym, and that he had interrupted his exercise routine to ask staff at the front desk if they knew what it was about. "I didn't know if there was something going on in the area, or if there was a shooter, you just had no way of knowing."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Ballyconnell Garda Station in West Cavan which was once a 24 hour station with a superintendent covering part of Leitrim has been downgraded to part-time.
The station has gone from District Headquarters to part-time in the past four years. Located close to the border of Fermanagh, the station will now close every night at 9pm and reopen at 9am, the West Cavan area will be covered by a mobile patrol during closing hours.
Phone calls to the station past 9pm will be directed to Cavan Town and sent to mobile patrols.
Ballyconnell Garda Station was not only previously District Headquarters for West Cavan but covered areas of Leitrim, providing assistance to both Ballinamore and Manorhamilton Gardai in it's hinterland.
The station had been a critical location for Gardai with it's close proximity to the border since the foundation of the state.
The decision will be subject to a review in the future.
Residents in areas such as Dowra, Blacklion, Glangevlin and Swanlinbar of West Cavan are located almost an hour away from Cavan Garda Station and there are questions over the impact of Brexit and a possible border with Fermanagh will have on the area in the future.
Perhaps it's unfair, but one has to wonder for whom the animated feature film "My Little Pony: The Movie" has been made. Ostensibly, it's for young kids, who count for double the ticket money with their parents in tow. But there's also a large market to be found in the "bronies" and "pegasisters," young adults who have developed a cultish fandom around the animated series "My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic." No matter who you might encounter in the theater, "My Little Pony: The Movie" signals that the unrelentingly positive pastel ponies have hit the big time.
My Little Pony is a brand that has been somewhat ubiquitous since the 1980s. A toy line from Hasbro, My Little Pony was the more popular younger sibling of the hard plastic full-grown My Pretty Pony. Girls of the '80s will remember the soft, rubbery My Little Pony dolls for their resplendent and colorful manes and rump tattoos, aka "cutie marks." Like most kids merchandise, there was an accompanying animated series. And though a revival of the brand in 1997 was unsuccessful, the relaunch in 2010 has proved to be wildly popular, thanks to the bronies and pegasisters, and there's a whole dissertation to be written about the cultural factors that may be at play in the brand's contemporary success. But who can resist pretty pink ponies?
"My Little Pony: The Movie," directed by Jayson Thiessen, has a remarkably retro vibe. The film is done in the classic 2-D animation style and embraces the flat, colorful, Saturday-morning cartoon look and feel. If part of the appeal of the Little Pony renaissance is the nostalgic warm-fuzzies about childhood cartoons, then this film fully delivers. All we'd need is a bowl full of sugary cereal to complete the experience.
Storywise, the stakes start out quite low. Princess Twilight (Tara Strong) wants to throw the best Friendship Festival in Equestria, and her pony friends support her by singing about it. But all too soon their happy kingdom is invaded by the Storm King (Liev Schreiber), an ape/ox hybrid beast, his army led by fallen pony Tempest (Emily Blunt), a unicorn who lost her horn many years ago.
The Storm King is essentially a corporate fascist overlord, and he wants to steal the ponies' magic so he can control the weather, and everything else. Little Princess Twilight is the only one to escape, and so she sets off with her pals to ask for help from the Queen of the Hippogriffs (Uzo Aduba).
It's a classic children's story —parental figures in peril, a misfit group of pals, a hero's journey, and lots of songs along the way to underscore the pertinent message and pad out the running time. Truthfully, this film feels like four episodes of a cartoon strung together, and there are times, especially during some of the latter musical numbers, where it truly drags.
The approach to animated features these days is to create technological spectacle, line up an all-star cast of voice talent and pack the script with jokes for the accompanying parents to enjoy. But "My Little Pony: The Movie" zigs where others zag, throwing it back to the old school with its traditional animation and musical structure. It might not be everyone's cup of tea, but for those who already love it, it'll be just right.
Tribune News Service
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PHILADELPHIA — Video has captured a gorilla walking upright for several seconds — all to keep his hands clean, according to zoo officials.
The Philadelphia Zoo posted the video on Twitter March 5. It's since been shared or liked nearly 5,500 times.
Gorillas don't typically move around bipedally, a term for walking upright on two legs, over long distances, the zoo posted.
Louis, however, likes to keep his hands clean.
"He can often be seen walking bipedal when his hands are full of snack or when the ground is muddy (so he doesn't get his hands dirty)!" the zoo posted.
The Philadelphia Zoo wrote in a 2015 blog post about Louis:
“When caught out in a rainstorm, he'll run bipedally across the yard to seek cover, and when he accidentally steps in mud, he'll find a leaf or a paper bag and wipe his hand or foot off until they are clean again.”
A curator told the Associated Press that 18-year-old Louis cares about his cleanliness so much that the zoo had to install a fire hose over a mud puddle in the gorilla's yard. Louis walks across it like he's on a tightrope.
By Scott T. Sterling
Sam Smith has announced that his new album The Thrill Of It All will be released on November 3.
The announcement was coupled with the release of a new single, “Pray.” The song is mid-paced and emotive, matching Smith's powerful vocals with piano and a sparse beat, and gradually blossoming with a background choir, strings and guitar. “Pray” was produced by Timbaland.
The singer also announced a large run of North American tour dates for 2018.
Related: Sam Smith Shares Emotional ‘Too Good at Goodbyes' Video
Smith recently sat with Radio.com to discuss the new album.
“It's a diary, but not just about me, the singer said. “It's my thoughts and feelings on my family, fame, the world, all these different things. It's still a diary just attacked it from a different angle.”
Sam also opened up about the role his family played in the making of his sophomore effort.
“My family have been a part of every single moment of this record, I live with my sister so every time I come back from the studio, I play her everything I've made,” he said. “I sat with my mom and dad this time a lot and actually my mom throws amazing dinner parties and I would go over their house and we'd all crack open a bottle of wine and we'd sit round the table and I'd play them stuff. They're actually really honest with me and when they're not feeling something they'll let me know, and I'll disagree with them.”
“My dad hated, “Stay with Me” I remember when I played it for him he absolutely hated it, so they're very honest,” he continued.
“Some of my family's stories have made it into the album so, which, it's an amazing thing. The relationships my family have been in have inspired songs so it's also their diary now as well.”
Sam Smith is set to perform at this year's We Can Survive concert, set for Oct. 21 at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles. Smith will appear alongside Alessia Cara, Harry Styles, Kesha, Khalid, Lorde, Macklemore, P!nk and Sam Hunt.
Check out “Pray” and the full tracklisting for The Thrill Of It All below.
The Thrill Of It All – Standard Track Listing
Too Good At Goodbyes
Say It First
One Last Song
Midnight Train
Burning
Him
Baby, You Make Me Crazy
No Peace (feat. YEBBA)
Palace
Pray
U.S. Deluxe Edition also includes:
Nothing Left For You
The Thrill Of It All
Scars
One Day At A Time
The Thrill Of It All Tour – 2018 North American Dates
6/18 – Toronto, ON @ Air Canada Centre
6/19 – Montreal, QC @ Bell Centre
6/22 – Detroit, MI Little @ Caesars Arena
6/23 – Columbus, OH @ Nationwide Arena
6/26 – Boston, MA @ TD Garden
6/27 – Brooklyn, @ NY Barclays Center
6/29 – New York, NY @ Madison Square Garden
7/3 – Washington, DC @ Capital One Arena
7/4 – Philadelphia, PA @ Wells Fargo Center
7/6 – Charlotte, NC @ Spectrum Center
7/7 – Nashville, TN @ Bridgestone Arena
7/10 – Duluth, GA @ Infinite Energy Center
7/11 – Orlando, FL @ Amway Center
7/13 – Tampa, FL @ Amalie Arena
7/14 – Miami, FL @ AmericanAirlines Arena
7/17 – New Orleans, LA @ Smoothie King Center
7/18 – Houston, TX @ Toyota Center
7/20 – Dallas, TX @ American Airlines Center
7/21 – Austin, TX @ Frank Erwin Center
7/25 – Monterrey, MEX @ Arena Monterrey
7/27 – Mexico City, MEX @ Palacio de los Deportes
8/14 – Saint Paul, MN @ Xcel Energy Center
8/15 – Chicago, IL @ United Center
8/17 – St. Louis, MO @ Chaifetz Arena
8/18 – Kansas City, MO @ Sprint Center
8/21 – Denver, CO @ Pepsi Center
8/22 – Salt Lake City, UT @ Vivint Smart Home Arena
8/24 – Sacramento, CA @ Golden 1 Center
8/28 – Los Angeles, CA @ STAPLES Center
8/29 – Los Angeles, CA @ STAPLES Center
8/31 – Glendale, AZ @Gila River Arena
9/1 – San Diego, CA @ Valley View Casino Center
9/4 – Oakland, CA @ Oracle Arena
9/5 – San Jose, CA @ SAP Center
9/7 – Portland, OR @ Moda Center
9/8 – Seattle, WA @ KeyArena
9/10 – Vancouver, BC @ Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena
9/12 – Edmonton, AB @ Rogers Place
9/13 – Calgary, AB @ Scotiabank Saddledome
The agency that investigates reports that involve police where there has been death has found the death of a 29-year-old man in Washagamis Bay was due to acute pneumonia.
Tony Loparco, the director of the Special Investigations Unit (SIU) terminated the investigation as announced Monday, April 23. A post-mortem examination was conducted and revealed no serious injury, including no recent or visible fractures. The cause of death was determined to be acute pneumonia.
The press release announcing the end of the investigation said Kenora detachment OPP arrested the man twice on Feb. 27 and Feb. 28. He was arrested once at a home after police received a complaint, and arrested again outside of the Kenora Fellowship Centre. Each time the man was arrested, he was lodged in a cell and released a short time later.
Roughly a week after his last arrest on March 5, paramedics and police officers responded to the man's residence in Washagamis Bay as he was in medical distress. He was brought to the hospital where he was pronounced dead a short time later.
The NFL wants to help players craft their social media accounts, and, presumably, to prevent them from publishing content that could embarrass themselves, their team, and the league.
Awful Announcing reported that the ADP career placement job site lists the title of the new position as “Coordinator, Player Social Media Initiatives.”
advertisement
The responsibilities are as follows:
—Identify and distribute relevant and engaging photo and video content to NFL players –Work with a team of digital content creators — writers, designers and social producers — to produce original social and digital content to be distributed to players —Help ideate around how to best use league-owned content to help players grow their social media accounts —Monitor and evaluate content to help players understand what is and is not working
To begin with, there will be two people hired to take on these responsibilities, one working at NFL headquarters in New York and the other at NFL Network in Culver City, California.
The obvious problem with this development is the NFL could end up trying to control players means of expression by issuing restrictions on what they can or can't post on their accounts. Sounds a little too much like, “Big Brother” to me.
No doubt, the NFL Players Association will want to have some say in all this.
The word 'password' is pictured on a computer screen in this picture illustration taken in Berlin May 21, 2013. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski
BERLIN The German government is scrambling to respond to a serious and growing threat of cyberattacks, but it lacks the legal framework to retaliate with cyberattacks of its own, top officials said on Monday.
Cybersecurity is a major concern for Berlin as a Sept. 24 federal election approaches. German intelligence agencies said in December Russia was seeking to use propaganda, cyberattacks and other means to destabilise German society before the vote.
"Cyber is what keeps me up at night," Deputy Defence Minister Katrin Suder told reporters at an event hosted by the Federal Academy for Security Policy, a government training body. "This is not science fiction anymore ... It is a topic of immense and growing importance."
Suder said the German military was making progress with a new cyber command that starts operations on Wednesday, and control over cyber functions that had been scattered across the military had become more centralised.
She underscored the division of responsibilities between the military and the Interior Ministry, which is responsible for domestic cyberattacks, adding that the Bundeswehr itself would call the police if it suffered a major cyberattack.
Suder said the military would only retaliate after a large-scale attack on Germany if parliament ordered it to. She rejected some lawmakers' concerns about insufficient oversight of the various governmental arms involved in cybersecurity.
"Existing laws apply, even in cyberspace," she said, noting that any offensive cyber measures would come as part of military mandates that had already been approved by parliament. "The rules are very clear and we observe them."
But Agnieszka Brugger, a member of the pro-environment Greens who serves on the defence committee, said the ministry's decision to sanction offensive measures raised risks that had not been fully considered. The military should focus more on defending its own weapons and computer systems, she said.
Brugger also questioned how the new cyber command's work would intersect with that of the BND foreign intelligence service, the BSI cybersecurity agency and other bodies.
"We need a single parliamentary control body that has the overview of all operations. The current fragmented legal authorities and the multitude of actors result in grave gaps in control," she told Reuters. "Many legal questions are unclear."
Andreas Koenen, head of the cybersecurity directorate at the Interior Ministry, agreed, telling the conference that Berlin so far lacks an adequate legal basis for counter-attacks. New legislation was unlikely to be approved before the September elections, he said.
"No agency is explicitly empowered to carry out such measures," he said. "We don't have a legal basis. We might get the technical capabilities together at the last minute."
Thomas Wriessnig, vice president of the Federal Academy for Security Policy, said it was clear that more work was needed to prepare for a large-scale cyberattack.
"Clearly there are deficits and something has to happen. We're not ready for a broad attack."
(Reporting by Andrea Shalal, editing by Larry King)
NASSAU, The Bahamas – The Government of The Bahamas has and will implement a number of initiatives aimed at improving the ease in which business is conducted in-country, Prime Minister, Dr. the Hon. Hubert Alexander Minnis said Wednesday.
Three priority areas will be targeted that will result in greater ease in conducting business within The Bahamas.
“Because time is money, the amount of time it has taken The Bahamas to respond to various investors (in the past) has likely cost the country hundreds of millions of dollars at minimum,” Prime Minister Minnis told a gathering of local representatives of Chambers of Commerce throughout The Bahamas.
“Easing the cost and time of doing business will help boost economic growth,” Dr. Minnis added.
Addressing the Opening Session of the National Conclave of Chambers of Commerce in The Bahamas, hosted by the Bahamas Chamber of Commerce and Employers Confederation at Baha Mar resort, Prime Minister Minnis said much of the decline in the ease of doing business in The Bahamas is due to inertia.
That “inertia” experts say, has helped to allow The Bahamas to fall behind a number of its regional counterparts with regards to the ease of doing business.
A 2017 World Bank Doing Business Report, ranked The Bahamas 121 out of 190 global countries for its ease in doing business. The Ranking placed The Bahamas behind other regional countries such as Jamaica (67), St. Lucia (86), Trinidad and Tobago (96) and the Dominican Republic (103).
“Countries around us are rapidly instituting changes and simplifying processes to make it easier for businesses to operate,” Prime Minister Minnis said.
“But The Bahamas has been slow to modernize, slow to adapt to change, slow to introduce certain innovations, and slow to embrace various technologies. And we have been slow to adopt new mindsets.”
Prime Minister Minnis said his Administration will undertake a number of steps aimed at improving the country's ranking in order to not only retain greater investor confidence in The Bahamas, but to also help boost the country's economic growth.
In order to do that, the Minnis Administration will target three priority areas. Those areas include the business license process, the investor proposal process and various immigration processes, including work permits.
“We urgently need to simplify and streamline government processes, including the simplification of forms,” Prime Minister Minnis said. “Applicants are often asked to provide repetitive or unnecessary information.”
Prime Minister Minnis said he has advised the Minister responsible for Immigration “as a matter of urgency” to reduce the time it takes for an application or renewal to be processed.
“Getting a response from the Department of Immigration is often a nightmare. There has historically been a problem of public officers in Immigration wanting something for doing their job,” Prime Minister Minnis said.
“We are also undertaking other measures in Immigration that will be revealed at another time. Those who may not be acting in an appropriate manner should take note. It will not be business as usual.”
Prime Minister Minnis said the business license process will also be improved.
“In the age of advanced computer algorithms and Smart Technology, waiting weeks or even months for the processing of certain documents or approvals must be a thing of the past. The business license process takes too long and must be shortened. The inertia in the process must be removed,” Prime Minister Minnis added.
The Government will also move to bring “greater transparency” to the processes of doing business in The Bahamas.
“Transparency International and other agencies have documented the degree to which corrupt practices stymie economic growth and development,” Dr. Minnis said. “Corruption has cost The Bahamas untold hundreds of millions or more over the decades. Times have changed. A new sheriff is in town.”
Start to Farm: New Farmer Learning Networks are for beginning and early-career farmers looking for an edge in managing and growing their farm business. The Iowa State University Extension and Outreach Dairy Team will continue their dairy beginning farmer series to improve business practices and production techniques, tour successful farm operations, and to form a community to share new ideas and profitable farming methods.“Our goal is to provide an open atmosphere for discussion, sharing of ideas and learning about resources for producers who are considering dairy farming or in their early years of dairying”, said Jennifer Bentley, ISU Extension and Outreach dairy specialist. “It is important to help producers make sound dairy farm management decisions that are backed by current and relevant information.”Registration for the program is requested, but there is no participation fee. Start to Farm will be facilitated across the state and you can attend all or some sessions. Dates in January include:Jan. 12 – The People Side of Dairy; ISUEO Farm Management Specialist, Melissa O'Rourke will provide communication strategies in working with family and non-family employees. Jan. 26 – Raising Calves & Heifers; ISUEO Dairy Field Specialist, Jennifer Bentley will provide guidelines and recommendations for raising both calves and heifers to maximize production in the milking herd. Start to Farm will be offered at four locations with the same topics presented at each site. Programs will start at noon and conclude by 2 p.m.
Golf's second major of the year, the U.S. Open Championship, begins today at Erin Hills in Wisconsin.
There are 4 Irish players going for glory; Rory McIlroy, Shane Lowry, Paul Dunne and Graeme McDowell.
Betfair gave Ian Dempsey and John Duggan €250 each to bet with for charity and here is who they have gone for.
Betfair are playing 1/5 of the odds for the first 8 places.
The tournament starts at 12.45 Irish time.
Ian Dempsey
€50 each way Justin Thomas 33/1
€50 each way Jon Rahm 18/1
€25 each way Paul Casey 45/1
John Duggan
€75 each way Louis Oosthuizen 50/1
€25 each way Rickie Fowler 20/1
€25 each way Hideki Matsuyama 30/1
There will be just three cruise ships in the Port of Nanaimo this season.
Speaking for the Nanaimo Port Authority, David Mailloux says the numbers of vessels may be down but the ships are big ones…..
The first ship arrives April 9th, the next is in mid May and the last one of the season will arrive in mid September.
The whole region benefits from the cruise ships as passengers fan out for excursions into the Cowichan Valley, Port Alberni and Parksville Qualicum areas.
Global industrial wireless vibration sensors network market stood at US$ 903.2 Mn in 2015 and is estimated to expand with a CAGR of 5.4% from 2016 to 2024.
End
-- According to a new market research report published by Credence Research "(By End-use Industry – Manufacturing;Oil and Gas; Automotive; Metals and Mining; Water and Wastewater; Food and Beverages; Chemicals and Others) - Growth, Future Prospects, Competitive Analysis and Forecast 2016 - 2024", the global industrial wireless vibration sensors network market stood at US$ 903.2 Mn in 2015 and is estimated to expand with a CAGR of 5.4% from 2016 to 2024.The industrial wireless vibration sensors network market has been primarily driven by increasing need to monitor and assess machine condition in order to avoid major downtimes and loss of production time. With technological advancements in sensor technology and rise of effective wireless communication protocols suitable for the industrial applications have led to the rise of various condition monitoring systems based on various types of sensors such as vibration, temperature, pressure, and humidity, among others.The vibration sensors have gained immense popularity in the manufacturing and processing related applications on account of its higher accuracy and effectiveness. In addition, increasing adoption of communication protocols such as WirelessHART and ISA 100.11a has further enabled the adoption of industrial wireless vibration sensors network into various manufacturing and processing units.Some of the major factors driving the growth in the industrial wireless vibration sensors network market is the increasing need to ensure operations continuity and avoid machine downtime. With the use of sensors networks, plant operators can quickly and precisely identify any particular point of error and rectify the issue before resulting into machine failure. Thereby, the use of industrial wireless vibration sensors network helps plant owners to avoid huge losses associated with machine downtime. Furthermore, by assessing vibration readings of various components within the machinery, the plant operators can continuously monitor the machines condition and predict the requirement of any appropriate maintenance services. Thereby, the overall industrial wireless vibration sensors network market is expected to witness significant growth during the forecast period.The global industrial wireless vibration sensors network market is fragmented with top four manufacturers accounting for less than 45% of the market revenue. The global market is characterized by the presence of large number of players, across the entire wireless sensor network value chain. The increase in the number of manufacturers/suppliers, distributors, and service providers has ensured a highly competitive market. The global industrial wireless vibration sensors network market is characterized by the presence of large number of players with diversified businesses who are struggling to gain meaningful differentiation. Thus, new product development, product innovation, and developing easy-to use, energy-efficient, and technology advanced IWSNs are some of the requisite market strategies adopted by the manufacturers in the marketBusiness expansion through strategic alliance and acquisitions is another important strategy adopted by the leading players in this market. A dominant trend of market moving towards consolidation can be witnessed as small players are merging operations with well-established players to leverage their resources. In a relatively matured and slow growing market, manufacturers are focusing on offering application specific wireless vibration sensors network solutions in order to strengthen their position in the market. Considering that major portion of sales come through indirect sales channel, an established distribution network is a necessity and manufacturers across the globe are focusing on strengthening their marketing and distribution channels to improve their product penetration and position in the market. A trend of international manufacturers forming alliance with local players to expand its geographical footprint can be seen in the market. For instance, BeanAir has recently announced that it has signed an agreement with Ambetronics with an aim of promoting and distributing its wireless sensor network solutions for condition monitoring applications in the Indian market.· Market moving towards consolidation through various mergers and acquisitions· High growth rate in the automobile, food and beverages industry· Continued adoption in the manufacturing industryCredence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we've manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task.Name: Chris SmithAddress: 105 N 1st ST #429,SAN JOSE, CA 95103 USE-mail: sales@credenceresearch.comPh: 1-800-361-8290Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com
Writer and director Mike Leigh demonstrated his fascination with Gilbert and Sullivan in his biographical 1999 film Topsy-Turvy in which he cast actors rather than singers. But it wasn't until 2015 that Leigh staged one of their operettas for the first time, for the English National Opera.
Now back for a limited run, this predominantly recast production (under the care of revival director Sarah Tipple) proves surprisingly conventional – with the exception of Alison Chitty's boldly colourful geometric designs which come from another era altogether.
The story is both silly and simple - though with an unexpected little twist which I won't give away. Young Frederic (David Webb with a light but pleasing tenor voice) has been accidentally indentured to a band of soft-hearted pirates, but has now reached the age of 21 and so, he believes, is free to pursue a more law-abiding life and pledges to run them to ground.
Things don't go quite to plan, though, and the arrival of Andrew Shore's Major-General - with far more daughters in tow than any man should reasonably father - turns the pirates' thoughts to grabbing a wife and settling down.
credit: Tom Bowles
John Tomlinson's Sergeant of Police with his chorus of truncheon-wielding policeman ups the comedy after the interval, Ashley Riches is a persuasive Pirate King with a rich baritone, and a perky Soraya Mafi brings cheeky charm, vitality and a lovely voice to the role of Mabel, the daughter who promises to remain true to Frederic no matter how long she has to wait for him.
The witty libretto doesn't always fly, but with the aid of a strong chorus, this welcome revival makes for an entertaining (if hardly ground-breaking) evening with enough catchy tunes to send you home smiling.
English National Opera at the London Coliseum
St Martin's Lane, WC2N 4ES
Tube: Leicester Square/Charing Cross
Until 25th March
£12- £125
eno.org
Four candidates are fighting for your vote in South Carolina against the current governor. Some hot topics that were discussed at the gubernatorial forum were education.
Catherine Templeton, one candidate says, "Improving the education in South Carolina, we need competition, universal school choice, I'm from a family of teachers, we need to let the teachers teach and let the principals lead instead of dictating it from Columbia."
But, what some politicians do want to be able to control is making life easier for senior citizens.
Candidate John Yancey Mcgill said, "They got a good home state exemption but what we're going to do is change that picture from 50 thousand a year and carry that to 100 thousand a year. But any kind of taxes we can get off of seniors, that's where we're headed."
Kevin Bryant, another candidate remarked," To help seniors stay as independent and stay at home as long as possible. It's good for the senior they want to be independent, they want to be home."
For other people seeking independence, they will need jobs and that is one of the things John Warren says he has experience in. "I've also created hundreds of jobs in the private sector, other candidates may talk about the economy, I've actually helped stimulate the economy."
Notably absent from the forum was Governor McMaster who declined to attend.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Authorities are investigating a shooting that critically wounded two contract workers outside an Overland Park elementary school.
Scroll for more content...
The shooting happened about 9 a.m. at Sunrise Elementary School. The school is part of the Blue Valley School District and is located in the 15800 block of Linden Street. All schools in the district have been placed on secure entrance, which means the front doors have been locked and no one is allowed in.
District spokeswoman Becky Miller says no students were on campus. Overland Park police said that no school employees were involved.
Authorities say the two contractors, both men, were on the school's playground when they were shot. They say the two men were part of a group of up to six workers in the area and that the suspect in the case was a fellow contractor who had an argument with the victims.
Multiple car-jacking attempts have been reported in connection to the suspect in the shooting, one, unsuccessfully, at a car wash near 151st Street and Metcalf Avenue and one successfully near 149th Street and Metcalf. Police say the suspect took a black, "newer model" GMC Denali.
Officers say they have found the vehicle near the scene. They say they know the identification of the suspect but do not have the person in custody.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. — Louisville senior running back Jeremy Smith plans to transfer after sustaining a season-ending foot injury in September.
Cardinals spokesman Rocco Gasparro said Monday night in a text message that coach Bobby Petrino granted Smith's request for a release to transfer. Louisville's top returning rusher entering this season played one game and was injured in practice two days before the team faced defending national champion Clemson.
The 6-foot-2, 224-pound Smith transferred from Fresno City Community College after one season and rushed for 270 yards and three touchdowns as a sophomore. He had 382 yards rushing in 2016 and ranked third on the team with eight TDs.
___
Sweating what to give this holiday? Well then we bet you sure wish you were wearing one of Thompson Tee's patented undershirt that totally blocks armpit sweat. Grab some now and get 25% off your order.
Sofia Vergara is breathing life into everyone's favorite party-girl emoji, voicing the Flamenco Dancer in the upcoming The Emoji Movie.
Her character, debuted exclusively on PEOPLE, is a take on the familiar dancing woman in the red dress from your keyboard, updated with Vergara's animated likeness. The Vergara version of the emoji sports a black dress and a clench a red rose between her teeth.
“I play the Flamenco Dancer,” Vergara tells PEOPLE of her character, who is the life of the party in the movie. “And she is always doing the Flamenco. She does it in the morning when she gets up, she does it when she's eating, she probably does it when she's sleeping. It makes things like driving or putting on her makeup very difficult.”
Also starring T.J. Miller, James Corden and Anna Faris, The Emoji Movie unlocks the never-before-seen secret world inside your smartphone.
“I thought it was a great adventure and who doesn't like an emoji?” Vergara says of taking the role. “I thought it was going to be a perfect role for me because people are always saying that I look like her!”
In the film, Vergara and her emoji friends live in the city of Textopolis. All the emojis in town have only one facial expression, except for Gene (voiced by Miller), who was born without a filter and boasts multiple expressions. Determined to fit in with his uni-emotional peers, Gene and his friends embark on an epic adventure through the apps on the smartphone in search of the code that will fix Gene.
From Coinage: Top 5 Most Expensive Movie Collectibles
Directed by Tony Leondis, the animated adventure also stars Maya Rudolph, Steven Wright, Jennifer Coolidge and Patrick Stewart.
The Emoji Movie hits theater July 28.
[India], July 4 (ANI): Reacting to the Supreme Court judgement in Delhi Government-LG power tussle case, Bharatiya Janata Party spokesperson Nalin Kohli said that there is no reason for the Delhi Government calling it a victory, as their demand for statehood to Delhi has been rejected by the top court.
"I don't understand how Delhi Government is claiming this to be a victory? Their main plank was that this is a state whereas Court has unequivocally said it's not a state. They said they had the exclusive executive control that was rejected too. This is a UT (Union Territory), Centre has a role to play," Nalin Kohli said.
The Supreme Court, in its judgement, said that the Lieutenant Governor must work harmoniously with the state but also added that Delhi cannot be granted statehood, citing an earlier judgement. Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra, who headed the five-judge bench comprising A.K. Sikri, A.M. Khanwilkar, D.Y. Chandrachud and Ashok Bhushan said, "LG cannot act independently unless where the Constitution allows. LG cannot be an obstructionist." "L-G cannot act independently unless where the Constitution allows. L-G cannot be an obstructionist, he must take advice from the Council of Ministers. The Council has to inform the L-G of its decisions. The L-G must work harmoniously with the state, the L-G and council of ministers has to be constantly aligned. There is no space for anarchy," the CJI said. The power tussle between the Delhi government and the Lieutenant Governor has been on since the formation of the AAP government in the state. Recently, Kejriwal, along with Delhi's Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia and others, sat on a nine-day sit-in strike against Delhi Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal at the latter's office-cum-residence. (ANI)
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said late Monday that the federal government is "monitoring this situation closely." He offered his condolences to the loved ones of those who were killed, adding, "We should all feel safe walking in our cities and communities."
Trudeau was scheduled to make another statement about the attack early Tuesday morning outside the House of Commons.
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said there was no information to change Canada's risk level and the "horrendous" events "do not appear to be connected in any way to national security.
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said it was too early to suggest a motive for the deadly incident.
Aras Reisn, who lives near the scene, said a family member told him someone had been hit in front of their condo.
"I looked through the window and I saw someone just collapse," Reisn said. "Granted, I have first aid training, so the first thing I did was put on my gloves and rushed out of the door to offer help."
He said he only noticed that other people had been injured while attending to the man hit in front of his home.
"I'm asking Canadians to please get first aid training — you never know when you will need it," Reisn said. "The more people we have, the better and very likely you will be helping a member your own community and your own family and friends."
Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre, which on Monday night said it was treating five patients in critical condition, two in serious condition and one in fair condition, said the victims' status was unchanged early Tuesday.
Henry Yang, who was making a U-turn on Yonge Street to head south, said he noticed a white van in front of him driving on the sidewalk, hitting mail boxes, newsstands and bus stop signs.
"I realized then that something is wrong," he said, adding that the van didn't slow down and hit a pedestrian right after.
Yang said the van then veered into incoming cars heading north and hit a pedestrian crossing the street before it veered back into the southbound lanes.
"I kept on following him and I kept honking my horn non-stop and trying to make a commotion so pedestrians would know that something was going on," he said.
"I have seen people being run over, thrown in the air ... it's very tragic."
A makeshift memorial has been set up along Yonge Street where residents have been leaving flowers and candles and writing messages of support and condolence on large cardboard squares.
A Muslim-Canadian non-profit group called DawaNet, which helped raise more than $800,000 for the victims and their families of last year's mosque shooting in Quebec, has launched a GoFundMe page for the victims of the Toronto incident. It had raised more than $21,000 by early Tuesday.
The stretch of Yonge Street where the victims were struck remains closed to traffic and was expected to stay blocked off for several days as police continue what is likely to be a lengthy investigation.
The incident prompted police to beef up security and close several streets around the Air Canada Centre Monday night for the Toronto-Boston NHL playoff game. Police tweeted that similar road closures may be in effect for the Toronto Raptors NBA playoff game on Wednesday night.
By The Canadian Press
As the fate of the US-North Korean peace summit remains unclear, Pyongyang's interest in foreign investments may lead to a Western fast food franchise gaining a foothold in the country.
The North Korean leadership has no intention of relinquishing its nuclear capabilities in the near future, NBC News reports, citing three officials familiar with the latest CIA report on the matter.
"Everybody knows they are not going to de-nuclearize," one of the officials stated.
At the same time, the CIA analysis mentioned by the officials reportedly notes the possibility of a “Western hamburger franchise” opening in Pyongyang as one of the concessions the North Korean leadership may be willing to make to the United States.
According to the media outlet, the aforementioned report "offered analysis at low or medium confidence — language intelligence agencies use to signal that analysts lack hard information to buttress their conclusions."
The CIA and the White House have declined to comment on this issue, and the report's veracity could not be confirmed.
READ MORE: Expert Explains How North Korea Nuclear Issue Could Be Solved Without US
The fate of a peace summit between the leaders of the United States and North Korea which was originally scheduled to take place on June 12 in Singapore remains unclear after US President Donald Trump announced his intent to cancel it, even after North Korea officially shut down and demolished its primary nuclear testing site.
Trump's declaration was preceded by North Korea cancelling ministerial-level negotiations with the South and also expressing doubts about the Singapore summit in light of the South Korean-US Max Thunder military drills that were held from May 11 until May 25, criticized as provocation by Pyongyang.
Shortly afterwards however the US president indicated that he might yet meet the North Korean leader as scheduled or postpone the summit.
AUTHORITIES have declared a Mediterranean fruit fly outbreak in Kilburn following the detection of a single female fly in the area on Friday.
Biosecurity SA issued an alert on Saturday morning announcing a total of three single flies were detected in the past two weeks.
A 1.5km outbreak area has been established around the Kilburn detection point and quarantine restrictions apply.
Camera Icon Here's what a Mediterranean fruit fly insect looks like. Picture: News Limited
Affected suburbs include Kilburn and small areas of Blair Athol, Dry Creek, Enfield, Gepps Cross, Prospect, Regency Park and Wingfield.
The latest outbreak follows an infestation of Queensland fruit fly larvae discovered in more than 125,000 mangoes forcing the fruit to be pulled from SA supermarket shelves in mid December and an outbreak in Woodville Gardens in late January.
Camera Icon There was a mango recall for South Australia because fruit fly were larvae found in fruit purchased in Adelaide in December 2017. Picture: Supplied
Despite this, SA remains the only mainland state to be fruit-fly free.
Biosecurity SA chief plant health Officer Geoff Raven said staff had commenced an eradication program aimed at eliminating any fruit flies from the outbreak area and surrounding suburbs.
“Residents and businesses within the outbreak area will be receiving information from Biosecurity SA about the outbreak and associated quarantine, detailing what part they can play in preventing its spread,” he said.
“An organic bait spotting program will be undertaken with staff also concentrating on the removal of fallen fruit from properties within the affected 200m outbreak zone area.
“Mediterranean fruit fly doesn't exist in South Australia and can only be brought into our state from infested fruit originating from Western Australia.
“This outbreak, is separate from last month's Queensland fruit fly outbreaks in West Hindmarsh and Woodville Gardens and has no impact on our fruit fly free status.”
“It is the first time since the 2013-14 season that both Mediterranean and Queensland fruit fly outbreaks have occurred.”
Mr Raven said residents and businesses inside the quarantine area could help eliminate fruit fly by practising a few simple measures including:
DO NOT give away or move any fruit or fruiting vegetables, including tomatoes, capsicums, chillies and eggplants unless cooked or preserved.
DO NOT leave fruit or fruiting vegetables lying on the ground.
DO place all unwanted fruit and vegetables in your green bin for normal collection.
DO report any maggots found in fruit or fruiting vegetables immediately to the Fruit Fly Hotline on 1300 666 010.
DO cook or preserve excess fruit and fruiting vegetables.
If no further wild flies or larvae are detected it is expected the quarantine in Kilburn will remain in place until at least 27 April 2018.
These days Don Collins enjoys a quiet life, as a resident of the Watkins-Logan Texas State Veterans Home.
But as a young Marine in World War II, life was anything but calm for Collins.
"I was a machine gunner."
Collins had trained at Camp Pendleton, before being sent to the Pacific Theater of war, where American forces were taking back Japanese held Islands.
Goodnaugh Island in New Guinea was Collins first landing, soon followed by Cape Glouster in New Britain. But then things got really hot at Pelilu in one of the fiercest battles of war. It was also at Pelilu in September 1944 that Collins was wounded for the first time.
"A bullet went right through my arm and split that muscle."
Collins was also wounded in the leg
"The leg was probably the worst wound."
Collins wounds were treated, and soon as he could he was back action, in the battle for Okinawa.
"We landed with LST's."
Collins was the first Marine out of the LST, but the next man following him, didn't make it.
"He'd been shot through the head."
While Collins made it to the beach without injury, it wasn't long before he was wounded by an exploding shell.
"I got hit in the hand."
Don Collins was awarded three purple hearts and a bronze star, as well as other medals for his service in World War II, service he takes pride in as a Marine veteran.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
PHOENIX — Adam Duvall's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit, and the Cincinnati Reds rallied to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7-4 on Wednesday.
Scott Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth, helping the last-place Reds salvage the finale of the three-game set. Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez each had three hits.
Both of Cincinnati's homers came off Patrick Corbin (5-2), who gave up a season-high six runs and eight hits in six innings.
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks, who have dropped 16 of 20 overall.
Cincinnati right-hander Sal Romano (3-6) pitched five innings in his first win since May 4, yielding four runs and seven hits. He was 0-3 with a 12.79 ERA in his previous three starts.
Raisel Iglesias got four outs for his ninth save in his first appearance since being sidelined by a biceps injury. Pinch hitter Daniel Descalso and Jarrod Dyson singled to start the ninth but Goldschmidt fouled out, Duvall made a sliding grab of Jake Lamb's sinking liner to left and Murphy popped out.
Corbin was cruising with a 4-0 lead when Tucker Barnhart and Votto opened the fourth with singles and Suarez walked on a 3-2 pitch to load the bases. That brought up Duvall, who hit a drive into the seats in left-centre for his second career grand slam.
Suarez opened the sixth with a single, Duvall struck out and Schebler launched a shot 433 feet to right.
It was a disappointing finish for Arizona after a fast start.
Dyson led off the first with a single and Goldschmidt, moved up to second in the batting order in recent games, knocked Romano's 1-1 pitch into the visitor's bullpen for his seventh homer of the season. After Jake Lamb flew out, Murphy doubled to the left-centre gap and scored on David Peralta's single, sliding in just ahead of Billy Hamilton's throw from short centre field.
That should speed up the process, and perhaps fix some of the more egregious incidents, but likely won't end the howls of protest from players and coaches when a decision goes against their team. And goalies are now wondering if they need to start embellishing contact to get the officials attention.
In Winnipeg, goalie Connor Hellebuyck was slashed on the mask by James Neal as Vegas' Erik Huala scored. In Boston, goalie Jake Allen was swept out of his crease by a sliding Jake DeBrusk, leaving an open net for David Krejci.
"I can take a stick to the face, but just because I don't throw my head back and make it obvious, I feel like I got kind of screwed on this," Hellebuyck lamented after the game.
There was consternation in Edmonton in May when Corey Perry backed into Cam Talbot just as a goal was scored that helped Anaheim come back from a two-goal deficit for a key Game 4 win in their second round playoff series.
Perry also has no idea what will or won't be called, but won't stop going to the net looking for goals.
"It can go any way on any given night," said Perry. "It is what it is and you just keep pushing forward.
"You have to score and you have to go to those areas to score. If it doesn't go your way you move on. I think in the end they even out but you might not be happy on a given night."
Former NHL goalie Brian Hayward, the analyst on Ducks' broadcasts, has noticed something of a pattern to the calls.
"Where I see the interference being called is when the goalie is being aggressive," said Hayward. "We had an incident with the Ducks (Thursday) night where Bobby Ryan had both skates in the crease, but Ryan Miller didn't make it look like he was trying to get to the top of the crease.
"You almost have to do that now — to fight for your space. I don't know if embellishing it a bit helps or not, but I know that the hyper-aggressive goaltenders like Jon Quick in Los Angeles, who like to play in front of the crease, seem to get the calls a lot more than the guys that play a little more passively."
Montreal forward Brendan Gallagher, who likes to park near the crease, recognizes there may be no clear-cut way to interpret the rules, but says there is a way for the calls to be consistent.
"To me it feels like an easy solution," said Gallagher. "Right now, there's a call on the ice and it's a different person making the decision every night when the refs look at it.
"That's where the inconsistencies come from. If you just have one or two people sitting in an office in Toronto watching the games and they make the final decision, you'll start to see more consistency because they'll have the same viewpoint on the rule.
"It isn't something that's black and white, but if it's the same person making the decision over and over, you'll start to get more consistency and players will start to understand it."
By Bill Beacon, The Canadian Press
TORONTO — Canadian mining stocks helped give the main Toronto stock index some lift in late-morning trading, while U.S. stocks were mixed.
The S&P/TSX composite index was up 15.94 points to 16,112.01, after 90 minutes of trading.
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.02 points to 24,321.14. The S&P 500 index was up 2.05 points to 2,653.55 and the Nasdaq composite index was up 11.79 points to 6,851.87.
The Canadian dollar was trading at 77.82 cents US, up from an average price of 77.76 cents US on Friday.
The actress also talks about life with Nico Bolzico
Published 9:13 PM, April 24, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Solenn Heussaff is ready to be a mom. The Kapuso actress revealed that by next year, she and husband Nico Bolzico will start trying for a baby.
“Parang ita-try ko na (I think I'll try it) just in case it takes me years,” Solenn shared during the press conference for her new movie, My Two Mommies, Saturday, April 21.
“Kasi ‘yung mom ko, nag-four years before nabuntis. Tapos ‘yung sister ko naman one year and a half. So, who knows?”
(My mom waited for 4 years before getting pregnant. And then my sister, about one year and a half. So, who knows?)
While excited to start a family, Solenn admitted that she's still not as confident about the idea of raising kids of her own.
“Ready naman ako for three years, kaso lang ayoko pa… Like, confident ba ako to raise a person, a human being? ‘Di pa timing ngayon but we will eventually get there, pero di pa ngayon. In the next year, but not this year.”
(I have been ready for 3 year, but I just didn't want to...Like, am I confident enough to raise a person, a human being? I'm not yet ready, but we will eventually get there... but not now. In the next year, but not this year.)
Nico wanted 4 kids but Solenn is happy with just having two – a boy and a girl.
“Sabi ko sa kanya, ‘Eh ‘yung katawan mo, katawan mo ‘yan. Katawan ko magbabago.' So dalawa lang muna.”
(I told him 'Your body is your body. Mine will change.' So two is okay with me.)
Taking cues from celebrity moms who were able to maintain their figure, Solenn is confident that she can get her body back in no time post-pregnancy.
“‘Di naman ako worried kasi there are ways of maintaining. Siyempre naman makikita mo, like si Ina Raymundo, ilan ‘yung mga anak niya, mas fit pa siya sa mga 20-year-olds na you see ‘di ba?”
(I'm not worried because there are ways of maintaining [your figure]. You see [people] like Ina Raymundo, who has many children and yet, she's fitter than 20-year-olds you see right?)
“Siyempre naman, it also depends on your body. May mga girls na kahit ‘di sila kumakain for two, it's hard for them to take the weight off. Depende sa hormones and everything.”
(Of course it also depends on your body. There are girls who may not eat for two, but it's hard for them to get the weight off. It also depends on your hormones and everything.)
When asked what this means for her career, Solenn admitted that being a mother would inevitably affect her image but she's ready for that next chapter.
“‘Di ko alam ano ‘yung future ko pagkatapos ng baby pero siyempre naman (I won't know my future after having a baby but) I'll try to be healthy. Take care of myself at the same time not burden my child. Alam ko (I know) it will change, my career will change. ‘Di na magiging sexy ‘yung title ko or baka magiging sexy din (I'll probably won't have the sexy title anymore or still be sexy) but in a different way.”
On married life
During the press conference, Solenn's My Two Mommies co-star Paolo Ballesteros candidly talked about crushing on her husband Nico. Rather than get uncomfortable, Solenn said her friends will make similar jokes, and added that she's actually happy that people appreciate her husband.
“Dami rin akong friends na super bet na bet si Nico. ‘Pahiram si Nico isang gabi lang, may sakit na nga ako.' Ganun sila!” Solenn shared. (READ: Why Nico Bolzico calls Solenn Heussaff 'wifezilla')
(I also have friends who are so into Nico. Like 'can I borrow Nico for one night only, I'm not feeling well.' They're like that.)
“Happy din ako. Alam ko naman na guwapo si Nico, mabait, so kung may mga tao, boy or girl, na nagkakagusto sa kanya eh di happy rin ako. Kasi the prize is mine.” (I'm very happy. I know that Nico is very handsome, nice, so if any person whether guy or girl likes him, I'm happy as well. Because the prize is mine.)
Solenn also explained that she has never felt threatened because she has complete trust in her husband.
“I trust Nico so kahit may mga kasama siyang ibang girl (even if he's with another girl), nasa ibang bansa siya (He's in another country) with friends and everything I don't ask any questions. Kasi kilala ko siya (Because I know him) and we trust each other and that's what's nice with our relationship.”
My Two Mommies opens in cinemas on May 9. –Rappler.com
While we mortals have the luxury of laying low after experiencing a particularly brutal breakup, most celebs don't — especially if they boast a huge social media following.
Celebs like Nikki Bella and Jenna Dewan didn't hold back when they returned to social media after announcing their high-profile splits. All eyes were on these newly single stars as they made heartbreaking revelations … or posted pics from their recent puppy or family outings. Both equally important, of course.
Here, we break down those moments.
Nikki Bella
Bella returned to Instagram six days after PEOPLE learned she and John Cena called off their engagement mere weeks before their destination wedding. The WWE star accompanied her oceanside photo with a poignant quote: “For whatever we lose (like a or a), It's always our self we find in the sea.”
Gigi Hadid
It took exactly one week before the supermodel made her grand Instagram debut since splitting from boyfriend Zayn Malik, whom she dated for more than two years, in March 2018. The comeback can be attributed to Hadid's younger sister, Bella, who was featured on her ‘gram.
Jenna Dewan
A little over a week (10 days to be exact) after Dewan and husband Channing Tatum announced they were separating after nearly nine years of marriage, the pro dancer took to Instagram to thank her fans for their support. “Love you right back,” she wrote.
Justin Theroux
Just call it a cuddly comeback. It took Theroux, who split from Jennifer Aniston after seven years together in February 2018, 10 days before breaking his silence. He posted this adorable photo to announce his Instagram return.
Kendra Wilkinson
“Life is precious,” the Kendra On Top star captioned her pensive snapshot, taken on the beach, which was posted the same day she announced her split from husband Hank Baskett on Instagram Story. Wilkinson hasn't been shy since sharing the couple's life-changing news. She has since posted pics with her kids, as well as a selfie with Baskett.
Lena Dunham
Dunham and ex Jack Antonoff have had only nice things to say about each other since their breakup in January 2018. Dunham referenced their split in an Instagram post, one day after PEOPLE confirmed they had indeed parted ways after more than five years together. She posted the quote, “Starting over is the beautiful moment where you choose yourself first”, with the caption, “Forever love”.
Brielle Biermann
While her mom, Kim Zolciak-Biermann, was the one who spilled the beans on Brielle and baseball player Michael Kopech's breakup, the 21-year-old star addressed life after love on her Instagram, days after the Real Housewives of Atlanta star's Watch What Happens Live appearance in March 2018. “If you look for perfection you will never be content,” she wrote.
Amber Rose
A few days after Rose and rapper 21 Savage unfollowed each other on social media, the video vixen posted this sweet video clip with her 5-year-old son Sebastian.
Courtney Stodden
The same day PEOPLE shared that Stodden filed from divorce from husband Doug Hutchison, the aspiring singer shared a sneak peek at her new song, “6Teen”, referencing the age she wed the actor who was 51 at the time. The song was accompanied by video clips from their wedding day. “This day marks a new chapter in my life,” Stodden wrote. “It's a lot scary and a little surreal. But all change is.”
Sarah Silverman
Two days after revealing to her Twitter followers that she and Michael Sheen had decided to lovingly separate after three years of dating, the comedian posted a bowl of customized M&Ms (with her and Sheen's face on them), hilariously writing that Sheen's amicable ex Kate Beckinsale had gifted her the snack after hearing of their breakup news. Though the comedian has since said that the actress didn't give those M&Ms to her after their split, Silverman's ‘gram still made quite the splash among followers.
Syria will continue beefing up its air defenses after getting help from Russia, President Bashar Assad said in an interview with the RT news channel.
"Our air defense is much stronger than before, thanks to the Russian support, and the recent attacks by the Israelis and by the Americans and British and French proved that we are in a better situation," he said. "The only option is to improve our air defense, this is the only thing we can do, and we are doing that."
Assad accused Israel of being in contact with Syrian militants from the start of the seven-year war. He said militants appeared to have acted in the interest of Israel when they picked air defense systems as their primary target.
READ MORE: Assad May Limit Iran's Access to Syria's South to Restore Territorial Integrity
"The first target of the mercenaries in Syria was the air defense. Before attacking any other military base it was the air defense… This is the other proof that Israel was in direct link with those terrorists in Syria. So, they attacked those bases, and they destroyed a big part of our air defenses," he pointed out.
US Strikes on Syria
Bashar Assad said that he did not exclude another US strike anytime as long as the United States continued to violate international laws.
"Of course, it could, because when the Unites States trampled over the international law, on daily basis sometimes in different areas for different reasons, any country in the world could have such an attack," he said in response to whether an attack was likely.
© REUTERS / Marius Bosch Iran to Maintain Advisory Role in Syria Despite US' Demands to Withdraw
"As long as you don't have an international law that could be obeyed by the United States and its puppets in the West, there is no guarantee that it won't happen," Assad added.
Assad said that Russia's threat to strike at US launch sites had prevented a broader attack by the United States and its allies than the one Syria came under in April.
"The Russians announced publicly that they are going to destroy the bases that are going to be used to launch missiles," he said. "Our information — we don't have evidence, we only have information, and this information are credible information — that they were thinking about a comprehensive attack all over Syria, and that's why the threat pushed the West to make it on a much smaller scale."
READ MORE: Russia Holds the Key to Washington's 'Face-Saving Exit' From Syria — Analyst
"We were close to have direct conflict between the Russian forces and the American forces, and fortunately, it has been avoided, not by the wisdom of the American leadership, but by the wisdom of the Russian leadership," he said.
The president stressed Russia's support was needed to stabilize the country, "but we need at the same time to avoid the American foolishness," he added.
"Our enemies and our opponents – mainly the West led by the US, and their puppets in Europe and in our region, with their mercenaries in Syria – they try to make it farther, either by supporting more terrorism, bringing more terrorists to Syria or by hindering the political process.
Assad said his government faced the challenge of acting faster than its adversaries to "close the gap between their plans and our plans." "I think we are succeeding in that regard," he added.
The United States carried out a series of airstrikes on Syria's alleged chemical sites on April 14 in a joint effort with the United Kingdom and France.
Talks With SDF
Syrian President Bashar Assad said that his government is ready for peace talks with the US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces but the military option remains on the table.
© AP Photo / Hassan Ammar EU Extends Sanctions Against Syria for One Year
Assad said the United States put its faith in the SDF, a militant alliance of predominantly Kurdish fighters controlling Syria's north, after other "moderate" rebel groups it backed turned out to be Islamists.
"They are looking for another card. This card is the SDF now because when we are moving forward in different areas to defeat the terrorists the only problem left in Syria is the SDF," he said.
"We are going to deal with it by two options," Assad continued. "The first one: we started now opening doors for negotiations, because the majority of them are Syrians… If not we're going to resort to liberating those areas by force."
The president said the areas under SDF control would be retaken "with Americans or without Americans." "And the Americans should leave somehow. They are going to leave," he added.
Iranian Troops in Syria
Despite Israel's claims there are no Iranian troops in Syria, but there are Iranian officers who assist as military advisers, Bashar Assad said.
"The most important fact regarding this issue, is that we do not have Iranian troops. We never had, and you cannot hide it, and we are not ashamed to say that we have, like we invited the Russians, we could have invited the Iranians," Assad stressed.
The Syrian president noted, however, that there were Iranian officers "who work with the Syrian Army as help."
READ MORE: US to Limit Input in UN Conference on Disarmament Due to Syria's Presidency
"The starkest fact about their [Israel's] lies about this issue, the Iranian issue, that the recent attack a few weeks ago, they said that they attacked Iranian bases and camps, as they said, allegedly, and actually we had tens of Syrian martyrs and wounded soldiers, not a single Iranian. So, how could they say that we have it? So, it is a lie," Assad stressed.
Syrian Conflict Not Civil War
The conflict in Syria is not a civil war, since the very beginning it was a struggle against terrorists and "the West's mercenaries," Syrian President Bashar Assad said.
"The word 'civil war' has been used widely since the beginning of the conflict in Syria, even by our friends, and by our allies by mistake, without understanding the content of this meaning. Syrian 'civil war' means there are sectarian lines based on either ethnicities or sects or religions or maybe political opinion or political currents, let's say, something we do not have in Syria," Assad said.
The Syrian president noted that people of various ethnicities and religious beliefs resided in the area controlled by the government, but all of them backed Damascus.
"What we have actually from the very beginning are mercenaries, Syrians, and foreigners being paid by the West in order to topple the government … If we had civil war for seven years, we should have been divided by now. You cannot have one country, united country, united society, it is not geographically because now of the Unites States' puppets and the Turkish puppets. If there were a civil war, then you should have a divided society," Assad stressed.
READ MORE: Control Over S Syria Borders to Be Handed to Damascus — Source
"The more we get closer to the end, the more they want to make it farther … The more reconciliation you have in one area, the more killing and destruction and trying to capture more areas by the terrorists we will have. That is why within the reconciliation, when we started reconciliations in many areas, the other factions in the same area tried to destroy it, because they have the orders from the outside not to go toward any reconciliation, of course, you have the orders with the pocket of money," Assad said.
The Syrian president stressed that the farther the situation escalated, the more determined the Syrian government was "to solve the problem."
"Because you do not have any other choice – either you have a country or you do not have a country," Assad said.
Tuesday on MSNBC's “Morning Joe,” host Joe Scarborough elaborated on an op-ed he penned that appeared in Tuesday's Washington Post by making a sports analogy.
Scarborough suggested Democrats look to the coaching techniques of Alabama head football coach Nick Saban, who according to Scarborough was looking at the next play and not at the scoreboard.
“I've noticed in columns, on Twitter, in commentary — especially over the last two or three weeks a lot of Democrats, a lot of left-of-center commentators are going into despair,” Scarborough said. “‘This is just too much, everything is coming at us,' and dadada. Some gifted columnist and Mika Brzezinski and others are overwhelmed. That's what Trump wants you to be: overwhelmed. I know you want a Nick Saban analogy. Alabama can be down by three touchdowns, and you know what the players are thinking about? The next play. He trains them — you just think about the next play. You don't look at the scoreboard. You don't care about the scoreboard. Look at the next play. Look at the blocking and tackling, and in this case — it's organize, knock on doors, put up yard signs, get your team together for Election Day.
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
Man sentenced to 38 years in prison for Fort Collins killing
FORT COLLINS, Colo. (AP) — A 19-year-old man was sentenced to 38 years in prison for stabbing to death a Fort Collins man last year.
The Fort Collins Coloradoan reports Dylan Thompson was sentenced Monday after pleading guilty in April to second-degree murder in the death of 65-year-old William Grabusky.
Fort Collins police found Grabusky dead inside his apartment in August 2017 after his out-of-state wife requested a welfare check.
Thompson told the court Monday that he killed Grabusky in self-defense after the man had tried to sexually assault him at knifepoint. Thompson said he took control of the knife and stabbed Grabusky in the chest.
Attorneys say Grabusky and Thompson had connected weeks before the killing after Thompson posted an ad on Craigslist seeking a "sugar daddy-type situation."
___
Information from: Fort Collins Coloradoan, http://www.coloradoan.com
DAMASCUS (Sputnik) — The Russian Defense Ministry's Center for Syrian Reconciliation and the all-Russian organization of veterans Combat Brotherhood sent 3.5 tonnes of humanitarian aid to the residents of the Orthodox town of Muhradah in Syria's western-central Hama Governorate, timed to coincide with Orthodox Easter celebrations, Dmitry Sablin, the member of the lower house of Russia's parliament, said Monday.
"We wanted the fighting Syrians to feel the support from Russia in the Easter days. We are sending to the residents of Muhradah, who are repelling the terrorists' attacks every day, the medicines for treating those ill and injured, products, gifts for children and even some Easter cakes from Russia," Sablin said.
He added that the Russian Defense Ministry's Center for Syrian Reconciliation is also sending food packages to Muhradah. A total of 500 kilograms of medicines, more than three tonnes of products, as well as school kits have been sent to the town, according to the parliamentarian.
"We wanted to support our Orthodox brothers, who are not leaving their soil despite the terrorists' persecution. It is a part of the Holy Land," Sablin stressed.
Muhradah, home to more than 40,000 people, has been repeatedly attacked by terrorist groups, including Daesh (outlawed in Russia), operating in Syria. On April 1 Syria's government army managed to recapture the town from terrorists after a two-weeks siege, according to media reports.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Congressman Bill Flores on WTAW
Representative Bill Flores of Bryan (R-TX) discussed the firing of Michael Flynn, taxes, job creation, how to get in touch with him or his office, and more during his weekly Washington update on The Infomaniacs on Wednesday, February 15.
Click below to hear Bill Flores visiting with WTAW's Scott DeLucia.
BillFlores021517
A CLUTCH of South Australian crossbench senators could stand between the Federal Government and its much vaunted National Energy Guarantee.
They are backing calls by former prime minister Tony Abbott for his energy policy to include a power price target.
Centre Alliance Senator Rex Patrick told The Advertiser the Government must set price targets in order to secure the party's potentially crucial two votes.
Australian Conservatives leader Cory Bernardi went further and said that the Government must pull out of the Paris agreement on emissions reduction.
The Government will next month seek agreement of the states on the NEG before a looming showdown within its own party room over the policy.
Camera Icon Centre Alliance Senators Rex Patrick and Sterling Griff flank Justice Party Senator Derryn Hinch in the Senate last week. Picture: AAP
Any changes to national energy laws agreed to by the state need to pass the South Australian Parliament – where Centre Alliance sister party SA Best holds two critical votes – before being mirrored around the country.
In Federal Parliament, politicians will be asked to back changes to the national emission reduction target.
“In principle we support the general principles of affordable, reliable and clean energy,” Senator Patrick said. “It's my hope that we find a bipartisan position because it's critical to the future of industry in this country to have investment certainty.
“But if it comes down to Centre Alliance we would be insistent on price targets.
“Not on what those targets are but the Government needs to come up with something that is realistic and that performance of the NEG can be benchmarked against.”
Mr Abbott this week argued the NEG would be greatly improved if it contained a “price target as well as an emissions reduction target”.
Energy Minister Josh Frydenberg said he was focused on implementing the NEG as recommended by the independent Energy Security Board.
“We are seeing positive messages come through on price and ultimately that's the fundamental concern of my colleagues,” he said.
Labor energy spokesman Mark Butler said that tearing up the Paris Agreement would send a signal to the world that Australia's word could not be trusted.
But deputy leader Julie Bishop batted down Mr Abbott's claims, saying it was always intended Australia would be accountable and stick to the targets.
“Australia plays by the rules – if we sign an agreement we stick to the agreement.”
Nielsen Media Research reports CNN ratings suffered a major collapse in May, while Fox News Channel continues to dominate the cable news wars.
In ratings data released Wednesday by Nielsen Media Research, FNC extended its run of consecutive months at number one to a staggering 197, while building hitting another impressive milestone: Fox News Channel has now beaten every other network in basic cable for 23 months straight, based on total day ratings, with an average total day audience in May of 1.4 million viewers. In prime time, Fox News destroyed its competition, with an average total audience of 2.381 million viewers, compared to MSNBC's 1.384 million and CNN's 835,000. Among viewers 25-54, the group most coveted by advertisers, FNC shook off a challenge in recent months from MSNBC to claim a clear victory: 461,000 viewers, well ahead of MSNBC (329,000) and CNN (265,000).
Of all the cable news networks, CNN experienced the biggest decline in primetime viewership, down a full 25 percent in May.
Fox News' Sean Hannity averaged 3.261 million viewers per evening, while Rachel Maddow of MSNBC took a distant second with 2.627 million.
As reported by Breitbart News' Editor-at-Large John Nolte, CNN's highest-rated program, Anderson Cooper 360, attracted fewer viewers than all Fox News programs after 6:00 am EST for the month of April.
CNN's second-highest-rated program, Erin Burnett OutFront, had only 965,00 total viewers, putting the show in 27th place.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die.".
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going...
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
By TERRY SPENCER and CURT ANDERSON
Associated Press
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) - In chilling cellphone videos released Wednesday, the suspect in a February massacre at a Florida high school announced his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die."
The three videos released by prosecutors were found on the cellphone of suspect Nikolas Cruz after the Feb. 14 shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that killed 17 people and injured 17 others.
Cruz, wearing a ball cap, introduces himself in the first video and says he is "going to be the next school shooter of 2018." He goes on to say that he wants to use an AR-15 to kill at least 20 people and specifies the high school in Parkland. The videos are undated, but on one he says, "Today is the day. Today it all begins. The day of my massacre shall begin."
"When you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am," he says in another and then laughs. "You're all going to die. ... Can't wait."
In a second video, Cruz briefly discusses logistics, including that he will take Uber to campus about 2:40. He then says he'll walk onto campus, go up some stairs, open his bag to take out his weapon and start firing. School surveillance video shows that was almost exactly what he did -the only difference being that he arrived at the school at 2:19 p.m.
In the third video, the camera apparently pointed at pavement, he talks about his loneliness, anger and hatred, and announces that the "day of my massacre shall begin."
"I live a lone life. I live in seclusion and solitude. I hate everyone and everything. But the power of my AR you will all know who I am. I had enough of being told what to do and when to do," he says. "I had enough of being told what to do and when to do. I had enough of being told that I'm an idiot and a dumbass. You're all stupid and brainwashed by the political and government programs."
He also referenced a former girlfriend, saying "I hope to see you in the afterlife."
Cruz is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the attack. His lawyers have repeatedly said Cruz would plead guilty if guaranteed a sentence of life without parole, but prosecutors refuse to waive the death penalty. Cruz, 19, is a former Stoneman Douglas student.
The Broward State Attorney's Office released the video because under Florida law, with few exceptions, evidence becomes a public record when it is turned over to the defendant's attorneys as part of the pretrial discovery process. Cruz's attorneys say they did not request evidence such as video from inside the building where the massacre happened and autopsy reports so they would not become public and "further hurt and inflame the victims' families and the community."
"This is an awful case and today is more of that awfulness and further shows how severely broken a human being the defendant is," Broward County Public Defender Howard Finklestein, whose office is representing Cruz, said in a statement.
Cruz spent several years at a school for children with emotional disabilities before being allowed to transfer to Stoneman Douglas. He spent several months there before being kicked out. His late mother also called 911 on him almost 20 times over the years and he had a history of killing animals then posting images on the internet and taking body parts as souvenirs.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
​Welcome to What We Learned This Week, a digest of the most curiously important facts from the past few days. This week: NJ Transit truly sucks, Santa Claus is dead and buried, and farmers markets are full of frauds.
If you ride regularly on a mass transit system, you likely complain regularly about said mass transit system. Especially in the US, there aren't really any "good" transit systems. There are "good enough" ones. There are "bad" ones. And then there's "New Jersey Transit."
Through a public records request, Bloomberg Businessweek obtained 666 pages of complaints filed by NJ Transit riders during a four-week period last spring. It's worth reading through the worst of the worst complaints Bloomberg found, but this complaint from one rider really sums things up for us: "Please stop treating us like idiots and give us the information we need so we can get home rather than spending hours in the world's worst train station."
There's nothing like waking up early on a crisp fall morning, brewing a hot cup of coffee, pulling on a warm sweater, heading to your local farmers market and... buying some apples grown by a huge commercial agriculture operation?
The CBC's Charlsie Agro went on the hunt at a number of Ontario-area farmers markets and discovered that many of the "local farmer" stalls were stocking produce that definitely did not come from a small local farm — some of it still sporting grocery stickers.
I know what you're thinking: Christmas is canceled and 2017 can't get any worse. Fear not, Christmas will proceed as it has for the last 1600 years, because Santa Claus (that is, St. Nicholas, the 4th century saint from Turkey) has been dead since 343 AD and that hasn't changed.
One thing that has changed: Archaeologists in the province of Antalya in southern Turkey think they've found old St. Nick's final resting place. While they're pretty confident they've got the right tomb, they're still digging to figure out if Santa's skeletal remains are still intact. Happy holidays!
When you think of Tom Petty (RIP), "American Girl" is probably one of the songs that first comes to mind. But that wasn't always the case. Released as a single in 1977, "American Girl" flopped in America, as Katherine Brooks details over at the Huffington Post.
Ironically, it hit the charts in the UK in '77, but didn't catch on in the US until nearly 2 decades later thanks to rounds on the karaoke circuit and movie soundtracks.
Nobody would ever accuse George Lucas of being good at writing dialogue. Exhibit #1 (through infinity):
&amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/e823482a017449db88e3bd1dc6f0fe2f_7d40a5fb89de4b648bbaabc28b97bc0c_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;gt;
Conversational difficulties aside, Lucas still rates pretty high (16) on Vulture's list of the top 100 screenwriters ever, thanks the fact that he created perhaps the most popular and enduring sci fi universe out there. Check out the full list over at Vulture, which unfortunately doesn't answer our one pressing screenwriter question — which Coen brother is better (they share the #2 spot)?
This is to inform the readers that opting for the required teak root furniture, live edge furniture and also the teak dining table from chleseahoeandlesiureltd.co.uk works out as an 'ideal' choice as this UK Based company has managed
Contact
Devid Roy
***@chelseahomeandleisure- ltd.com Devid Roy
End
-- Our Company, The Chelseahomeandleisureltd.co.uk offers a wide range of live edge furniture, teak root furniture and also teak dining tables in a wide range of designs and styles. We ensure we cater to all the requirements of our different customers keeping the budget in mind.The multiple beneficial features of the teak root furniture and the live edge furniture available at chelseahomeandleisureltd.co.uk makes it an ideal purchase. This can add elegance and style to the outdoors as well as the indoors, increasing the value of your home to a great extent.We, at chelseahomeandleisureltd.co.uk understand that investing in teak root furniture is quite a lot and keeping this factor in mind we ensure that we provide the best quality of the furniture, satisfying the requirement and taste of each individual customer.The teak root furniture, teak dining table or any other teak wood furniture needs to last long. Chelseahomeandleisureltd.co.uk ensures that this furniture lasts for decades without any need for a replacement. Investing on this live edge furniture or the teak root furniture with our company is once in a lifetime.Teak root furniture bought from chelseahomeandleisureltd.co.uk can be safely used in the outdoors besides the indoors as this is manufactured from Grade A Teak which is resistant to all types of weather. In other words, you are saved from the hassles of finding a storage space to store this when not needed.Our company ensures that the teak used in the manufacturing of the teak dining tables, live edge furniture or the teak root furniture is obtained from sustainable harvesting. This ensures there is no harm done to the environment as we also ensure certification.The best quality of teak root furniture of the natural and unfinished kind tends to change colour over a period of time. This turns into a silver gray which only adds to the charm of the interiors or even the outdoors, wherever placed.Manufacturers of all types of teak furniture, chelseahomeandlesiureltd.co.uk ensures the quality by making sure there is no use of plastic, petroleum or VOC in the manufactured teak root furniture. The wood is dried to a specific degree ensuring there are no chances of warping or twisting.As our company, chelseahomeandleisureltd.co.uk stresses on the quality of the teak wood used for the different types of furniture like the teak dining tablelive edge furniture and also the teak root furniture maintaining the same is easy. All that is required is wiping the furniture on a regular basis and opting for water and baking soda in case of stains.The experienced team of manufacturers at chelseahomeandleisureltd.co.uk can help you choose the right design and style of the teak root furniture you desire. For further detailed information on the different types of live edge furniture, dining tables, teak root furniture and more, you can contact chelseahomeandleisureltd.co.uk. at your convenience. We are always ready to help you in your choice.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
[India], Mar. 20 (ANI): A day after Suheldev Bharatiya Samaj Party (SBSP) chief Om Prakash Rajbhar threatened to boycott voting for the upcoming Rajya Sabha elections, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah on Tuesday asked the Uttar Pradesh Minister to come to Delhi and meet him.
Rajbhar, whose party is an ally of the BJP in Uttar Pradesh, yesterday, threatened to boycott voting for the Rajya Sabha elections if he is not allowed to speak Amit Shah.
Talking to ANI, Rajbhar had said yesterday, "If I don't get to speak to BJP president Amit Shah, I will boycott the voting for Rajya Sabha elections."
The BJP has the numbers to send its eight candidates to the Rajya Sabha, the SBSP, which has four MLAs in the 403-member Uttar Pradesh Assembly, holds key to the fate of its ninth nominee. The Rajya Sabha polls are scheduled for March 23. There will be 59 vacancies in the Rajya Sabha in April, including 17 from the BJP and 12 from the Congress party. (ANI)
© Sputnik/ Irina Kalashnikova Macron Denies Allegations on Hiding Sources of Income, Offshore Accounts
–
PARIS (Sputnik)According to the survey, Macron is set to beat Le Pen with 23 percent to her 22 percent. Head of left-wing political movement La France Insoumise (Unsubmissive France) Jean-Luc Melenchon is 0.5 percent ahead of The Republicans' nominee Francois Fillon, who lost 0.5 percent since Monday and now stands to receive 19 percent of the projected votes.
The survey, which was carried out between April 14 and April 15 among 1,851 people, also showed that 30 percent of potential voters would abstain from casting their ballot.
The first round of the French presidential election is scheduled for this Sunday, while the run-off is set for May 7.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - An Oklahoma City oil and gas industry repairman has pleaded guilty in federal court to defrauding a Texas company of more than $400,000 by submitting bogus invoices.
Federal prosecutors say 54-year-old Luis Enrique Damazo pleaded guilty Friday to mail fraud.
Damazo worked as a repair technician for Beaumont, Texas-based Dexter Field Services, a business that provides leak detection, environmental monitoring and consulting services energy industry clients.
Prosecutors say he ordered replacement parts through a company he secretly operated from 2009 to 2015. He used the company to prepare phony order forms and invoices that showed purchases purportedly made on behalf of Dexter Field Services for equipment, parts and tools.
Damazo faces up to 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine when he's sentenced in the next three months.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Toronto police say a 26-year-old man who was fatally shot while walking to his car last week was the victim of a "cowardly" attack meant to strike fear in a west end community.
Det. Jason Shankaran says Nnamdi Ogba was walking toward his parked car in a Toronto Community Housing complex shortly after 11 p.m. Friday after visiting friends when two men approached him from behind and began shooting.
Police say the two men ran off into an SUV waiting nearby.
Shankaran says Ogba, who was pronounced dead at the scene, did not live in the complex and did not know his attackers.
He says police believe the assailants were looking to kill someone in the neighbourhood in order to seek some sort of vengeance in the community, but he did not elaborate what may have provoked such retaliation.
The community has seen its share of violence in the past, Shankaran says, adding that police believe the suspects came from another area of the city.
"I know that the community of Scarlettwood Court has received its share of tragedy and also violence," Shankaran told reporters Monday. "I believe those suspects may harbour some sort of animosity toward the neighbourhood ... and those residents who reside in it."
Nnamdi, an electrical engineer who was engaged, was "an innocent man" who had no criminal record or known gang affiliation, Shankaran said.
He said that while fears of safety in the community are justified, co-operation from residents will help investigators find those responsible for Ogba death.
"Mr. Ogba did nothing to bring this upon himself. The evidence we have in front of us tells us that Mr. Ogba's lifestyle, his activities, anything he did prior did not lead to this particular incident," he said, "The only thing that led to his death was simply walking out of that building at that particular time and place."
They're everyday heroes, saving lives while putting their own at risk. But how tough do you have to be to become a firefighter? Jack Morphet found out the hard way.
VIGO COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - Many people want to help out, but aren't sure how. Well, there's now a new website for the Wabash Valley to find ways to give back!
Scroll for more content...
It's called Volunteer Wabash Valley.
The website shows you organizations in our community that are in need and are looking for help. This is put on by the United Way of the Wabash Valley.
Over the past few months, non-profits and charities began posting their volunteer opportunities and events.
They include everything from fostering animals with the Parke Vermillion Humane Society to helping at the Happiness Bag.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – Officials have been urged to reconsider the Barna section of the preferred route for the planned outer city bypass.
The project was raised at county council level where Connemara area councillor Tomás O Curraoin said he didn't agree with the area its going in at all when, he argued, there is room through the bog.
He told officials many people have problems with it due to the number of houses to be knocked, and asked where they will get planning or if they will have to move out of their areas.
He stressed he wouldn't support anyone's house getting knocked down when, he argued, there is another way.
Director of Services Jim Cullen said the process will involve the public having their say when An Bord Pleanála will hear all of the arguments.
He added there would be a process to make sure people are compensated.
Councillors have been told all preparatory work for the proposed corridor is now complete and officials are waiting on the go-ahead to publish.
It's estimated around 40 homes are likely to be demolished if the plan goes ahead.
More at 9
FILE PHOTO: Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen reacts during an interview with Reuters at the Presidential Office in Taipei, Taiwan April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu
TAIPEI Taiwan's President Tsai Ing-wen called on China to change its thinking and extend goodwill in its relationship with the self-ruled island, according to an interview published on Wednesday by a newspaper considered close to her main opposition.
Beijing, which claims Taiwan as its own, cut official communication channels with Taipei soon after Tsai took power in May last year to pressure her and her party into recognising the "one China" principle agreed by the previous Nationalist government.
The United Daily News, a major Taiwanese daily regarded as close to the Nationalists, reported that Tsai said stable cross-Strait ties would also benefit China, referring to the body of water separating the two sides.
China should consider how it can use an attitude of goodwill in its approach, Tsai was paraphrased as saying in the front page article.
She said the global situation is changing and that it takes both sides to keep peace and stability in bilateral relations.
Tsai leads the independence-leaning Democratic Progressive Party and says she wants to maintain peaceful ties without bowing to pressure from China.
Tsai has said she will "maintain the status quo", but has not conceded to the "one China" principle. The principle recognises there is one China, but leaves room for each side to interpret whether Beijing or Taipei rules it.
When asked how she sees ties developing with China after a Communist Party congress later this year, at which President Xi Jinping is expected to further consolidate his power, Tsai said any political decision-maker should be prepared for all possible outcomes.
The interview, Tsai's second within a week, is likely aimed at laying the ground before a speech she is expected to deliver on May 20 to mark the anniversary of her taking office.
China slammed Tsai's inaugural speech last year as offering an "incomplete answer" to what it called an exam on bilateral relations.
In an interview with Reuters last week, Tsai said: "Why not say we both are facing a new exam. We also look forward to China using a different perspective to face this new exam."
Defeated Nationalists fled to Taiwan in 1949 after losing a Chinese civil war to Mao Zedong's Communists, and the island has been self-ruled ever since. The young democracy has shown no interest in being ruled by autocratic China.
(Reporting by J.R. Wu; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
A girl, barely 10 years old, sent on New Year's Eve to blow up some Maiduguri residents failed her mission as she self-destructed before getting to her target.
While she died, only one person was seriously injured, hit by shrapnel
Reports indicate that the girl approached a crowd buying noodles from a food vendor in the Customs area of the city around 9:30 pm on Saturday and detonated her explosives.
Although no one has claimed responsibility the attack bore the hallmark of Boko Haram Islamists who are notorious for using suicide bombers, mostly women and young girls, in attacking civilian targets.
A witness revealed that “The girl walked towards the crowd but she blew up before she could reach her target.”
“She died instantly, while one person was seriously hurt after after he was hit by shrapnel.”
“Judging from her corpse, the girl was around 10 years old.”
An aid worker involved in the evacuation of the body gave a similar estimate of the bomber's age.
“The girl was clearly not more than 10 and this could have made her too nervous, making her to detonate the explosives prematurely,” the aid worker suggested.
Meanwhile, Borno State Police Spokesman, Victor Isuku, revealed that a second female suicide bomber was caught and lynched by an angry mob. Her bomb was safely detonated by security forces, he said.
Saturday's attack came a week after Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari said the jihadist group had been routed from Sambisa forest, its last stronghold in Borno state.
THEWILL
A suicide bomber attacked a van carrying judges in the Pakistani city of Peshawar on Wednesday, killing the driver and a passerby, police said, the second attack of the day in a new surge in militant violence.
Security has improved in Pakistan over the past few years but a spate of attacks in recent days, and a threat by a hardline militant faction to unleash a new campaign against the government, has raised fears of bloodshed.
“A suicide bomber on a motorbike rammed into an official van in which some judges were travelling,” senior superintendent of Peshawar police, Sajjad Khan, told media.
He said three female judges and one male judge had been taken to a nearby hospital while the driver of the van and a passerby had been killed.
The attack took place in a wealthy neighbourhood of the northwestern city, where Taliban gunmen attacked a military-run school in December 2014 and killed 134 children and 19 adults.
Former cricket star Imran Khan, Pakistan's main opposition leader, was due to visit the nearby hospital. Media reported that he was unharmed.
Khan's party rules Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of which Peshawar is capital.
In a separate attack on Wednesday, a suicide bomber blew himself up outside a government office in the northwestern Mohmand Agency, killing five people.
There was no immediate claim for the Peshawar attack but the Jamaat-ur-Ahrar, a faction of the Pakistani Taliban, claimed responsibility for the Mohmand blast.
The same group claimed an attack in the city of Lahore on Monday in which 13 people, five of them policemen, were killed.
The group said the Lahore attack was the beginning of a new campaign against the government, security forces, the judiciary and secular political parties.
Separately on Monday, a bomb squad commander was killed along with another policeman while they were trying to defuse a bomb in the south-western city of Quetta.
The spate of attacks has underlined the threat militants pose to the government of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif despite an army offensive launched in 2014 to push them out of their northwestern strongholds.
Pakistan had announced a 20-point National Action Plan after the Peshawar school massacre in 2014, the main thrusts of which included expanding counter-terrorism raids, secret military courts and the resumption of hangings.
Pickford the hero as England's penalty curse ends
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Matthias Schrader, AP Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford saves a penalty during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford saves a penalty during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Matthias Schrader, AP Image 2 of 5 Englands Harry Kane, right, goalkeeper Jordan Pickford, centre, and Kieran Trippier celebrate at the end of the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. England won after a penalty shoot out. less England's Harry Kane, right, goalkeeper Jordan Pickford, centre, and Kieran Trippier celebrate at the end of the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak ... more Photo: Victor R. Caivano, AP Image 3 of 5 England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford celebrates during a penalty shoot out during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. England won after a penalty shoot out. less England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford celebrates during a penalty shoot out during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, ... more Photo: Victor R. Caivano, AP Image 4 of 5 England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford, center, leaves the field with England head coach Gareth Southgate, left, after defeating Colombia in a penalty shootout at the end of the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. less England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford, center, leaves the field with England head coach Gareth Southgate, left, after defeating Colombia in a penalty shootout at the end of the round of 16 match between Colombia ... more Photo: Antonio Calanni, AP Image 5 of 5 Pickford the hero as England's penalty curse ends 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
MOSCOW (AP) — The research paid off for Jordan Pickford.
When Carlos Bacca stepped up to take Colombia's fifth and final penalty, Pickford knew he was likely to shoot to the left.
The 24-year-old goalkeeper, in just his seventh England appearance, trusted his research and leaped. Research wasn't enough on its own — he also needed lightning reactions to shoot his left arm up to paw away Bacca's high shot.
The save gave England's Eric Dier a chance to win the shootout , and he converted. England moved on 4-3 on penalties after a 1-1 draw.
"I did a whole bunch of research," Pickford said, his confidence sky-high. "(Radamel) Falcao is the only one who didn't go his way. I don't care if I'm not the biggest keeper in the world. I have the power and agility."
Pickford was just two years old when England last won a penalty shootout, a few days older when the now-England coach Gareth Southgate missed the deciding penalty in a European Championship semifinal loss to Germany. That defeat at home was treated almost as a national trauma, as was the penalty loss to Argentina two years later.
Pickford only emerged as a leading Premier League keeper last year and made his debut for England in November. But he has rapidly become part of Gareth Southgate's new generation of English talent.
At 6 foot 1 inch (1.85 meters), Pickford is small for a World Cup goalkeeper.
"A top-class save. I'm surprised he could reach it, given his height," Southgate said of the save from Bacca's penalty.
"His athleticism around goal is excellent and again he executed the planning in the penalty shootout. We'd studied all their penalty takers. Great credit to a collective of staff and him for taking on that information and preparing in the right way. You don't always get what you deserve in life, but I think tonight we did."
On an evening that ended with such frenetic energy, Pickford had little to do earlier.
Colombia was on the defensive for most of the first half and lacked bite in attack. England took the lead on a Harry Kane penalty in the 57th and Colombia came charging back. In stoppage time Mateus Uribe fired a stinging shot from long range and Pickford leaped to keep it out with one outstretched hand, sending it wide of the goal and cannoning into the advertising boards.
Pickford could do nothing about the subsequent corner. Colombia defender Yerry Mina rose above Harry Maguire and headed the ball off the turf and in despite Kieran Trippier's headed clearance attempt. Extra time and penalties loomed, and fans felt the weight of those 22 years without a shootout win.
After the 90 minutes were up, "we just reset. And just go 'Bang, we're going again and however long it takes.' Like the gaffer said, 'If it takes extra time, if it takes penalties, we are going to win this game,'" Pickford said. "It's a bit of a lottery, but you can do your research."
It wasn't just England's miserable record which seemed to stack the odds against the team. Its penalty takers lacked experience of major tournaments — though none of the penalty takers had been involved in any of those shootout losses — and had to stare down a stand packed with raucous Colombian fans.
While Colombia's David Ospina stood taciturn, Pickford was a ball of energy. He jumped and jiggled on the line.
Falcao sent Pickford diving headlong before placing the ball through the unguarded center. Juan Cuadrado put the ball high and left, far beyond Pickford's reach. Luis Muriel sent him diving the wrong way.
With England 3-2 down and facing elimination, Pickford leaped to touch the crossbar as Mateus Uribe stepped up, and the Colombian blasted the ball into the bar.
Trippier made it 3-3, and Pickford was up again to face Bacca. After saving from the AC Milan forward, he squatted to the side of the penalty area, frog-like in his green uniform. Dier hit the winning penalty low and left for England and Pickford's teammates charged toward him to celebrate in a group hug.
The joy of victory was built on self-belief, Pickford said.
"Our mindset and mentality, we never stopped," he said. "We knew we had this game even if it went to penalties."
___
John Leicester and Frank Griffiths contributed to this report.
___
James Ellingworth is at https://twitter.com/jellingworth
___
More AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
HMEYMIM (Syria) (Sputnik) — The Russian Center for Syrian reconciliation delivered 4.9 tonnes of humanitarian aid to the Syrian provinces of Aleppo and Damascus within the past 24 hours, the Russian Defense Ministry said on Tuesday in a humanitarian bulletin.
“Within last 24 hours, the Russian Center for reconciliation of opposing sides has held 2 humanitarian events in the Aleppo and Damascus province. Civilians have received 2,000 portions of hot meal and 3.5 tons of bread in Afrin in the Aleppo province. Citizens of Damascus have received 250 sets with food products for the Easter. Within last 24 hours, 2,700 civilians have received humanitarian aid. Total weight of humanitarian aid has reached 4.9 tons.” the bulletin said," the bulletin said.
The Defense Ministry said that Russian aircraft had delivered 21.3 tons of food products provided by the United Nations to the besieged city of Deir ez-Zor.
Syrian residents are in dire need of assistance amid continuing fighting between the Syrian government forces and various opposition and terrorist groups, such as the Islamic State (Daesh), outlawed in Russia and many other countries.
* LME inventories for lead at lowest in a year
* LME/SHFe arb: tmsnrt.rs/2oQ5nm2 (Updates with closing prices)
By Zandi Shabalala
LONDON, April 28 Lead hit its highest price in nearly two weeks on Friday as concerns about availability on the London Metal Exchange were reinforced by falling warehouse stocks.
Benchmark lead on the LME ended up 2 percent at $2,249 a tonne, its highest since April 18.
"I'm positive on the fundamentals of lead," said Société Générale ‎Head of Metals Research Robin Bhar, adding that falling stocks should help support prices and offset seasonally weaker demand.
LEAD: Stocks in LME-registered warehouses have fallen 13 percent to 165,275 tonnes over the last 27 days, their lowest in more than a year. MPBSTX-TOTAL
CANCELLED WARRANTS: Cancelled warrants -- material already earmarked for delivery and so not available to the market -- at nearly 52 percent of total stocks are adding to worries about tight supplies on the LME.
WARRANTS: Traders are also concerned that a large holding of LME warrants -- between 30 and 39 percent -- could exacerbate limited supply. <0#LME-WHC>
PREMIUM: The premium for nearby lead can be seen in the tom/next trade -- at $24 a tonne compared with a discount of $3 on Thursday CMPBT-0. The premium for the cash contract over the three-month has jumped to $24 a tonne from $13. CMPB0-3
COPPER: Three-month copper was bid up 0.4 percent to $5,713 a tonne, reversing losses from the previous session.
CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The pace of expansion in China's manufacturing sector likely slowed this month, a Reuters poll showed. Data is due on Sunday, April 30.
ANTI-MINING: Nickel prices have been rising since Philippine Environment Secretary Regina Lopez said on Thursday she would ban open-pit mining.
NICKEL: LME nickel ended 1.2 percent higher to $9,450, touching its highest in nearly two weeks. The metal hit a 10-month low earlier this week.
ALUMINIUM: Aluminium shed 0.6 percent to $1,911.50 per tonne, near 27-month highs hit in March as LME stocks were at their lowest since 2008.
BHP SHAREHOLDERS: Two weeks after Elliott Management's surprise assault on BHP Billiton, its demand for change is gaining little traction.
MARKET NEWS: Asian stocks slipped as investors took profits after a strong week, while the Korean won weakened after U.S. President Donald Trump said he would renegotiate or terminate a trade deal with South Korea.
OTHER METALS: Tin rose 0.3 percent to $19,900, while zinc added 1 percent to $2,623.
* For the top stories in metals and other news, click or
(Additional reporting by James Regan in Sydney; Editing by David Evans and Elaine Hardcastle)
ASPIRING pilots will walk straight out of their university graduation and into a job and $80,000 salary as part of a new recruitment program to be launched next month.
QantasLink is offering the direct pathway as part of its Qantas Future Pilot Program in collaboration with UNSW, Griffith University, University of Southern Queensland, Swinburne University of Technology and RMIT University.
In the past 12 months, Qantas and QantasLink have recruited more than 300 pilots between them, and this number is set to grow.
Camera Icon Arika Maloney (Qantas Second Officer), Anna Garliss (RMIT Student), Kate Richards (Griffith University Student), Nick Bevis (QantasLink First Officer). Picture: Mark Sherborne Picture: Supplied
The aviation students taking part in the program will be mentored by experienced pilots throughout their studies and, if successful, transition to a job at QantasLink straight after graduation.
They will complete a 12-week airline transition course then begin their employment with four to six weeks of simulator training and about eight weeks of in-flight training.
As a first officer in their first year, they will earn a salary of about $80,000.
QantasLink chief executive John Gissing said the program was about building the next generation of exceptional pilots from within Australia's top aviation schools.
“As the national carrier we have a history of attracting the best and brightest to fly for us. The
students chosen for this program will have an enormous head start to their career as a pilot.
They will benefit from a direct pathway to Australia's largest regional airline and access to our experienced pilots throughout their studies,” he said.
The program follows the airline's launch of its Nancy Bird-Walton Initiative, in which Qantas Group has committed to a 20 per cent intake of women in its 2018 pilot recruitment, with the vision to double that figure over the following decade.
Griffith University aviation student Kate Richards said it was an exciting time to be a pilot.
“This program is the opportunity of a lifetime for students who want to go from high school to studying aviation at university, with the opportunity to start flying with QantasLink straight after graduation,” she said.
The Qantas Future Pilot Program will launch in January 2018, open to all future and current aviation students at all stages of their degree.
Applications are open at qantas.com/careers
We are constantly surprised at just how stupid some people are behind the wheel but here is the latest qualifier for numpty of the year.
Gardai in Sligo clocked a car travelling at 152km an hour on a regional road today. A regional road!
There is no excuse for this sort of idiocy.
Joe Arpaio, the former sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, who is now running for US Senate, is distancing himself from a fringe publication that promotes anti-Semitic conspiracy theories that he's given multiple interviews to.
Scroll for more content...
The Republican candidate said Thursday he does not support anti-Semitism and was not aware the American Free Press published anti-Semitic articles.
"It was brought to my attention I gave interview to publication that supports antisemitism; I was unaware and don't support that view point," Arpaio tweeted Thursday.
The Arizona Republic reported Wednesday that Arpaio has given five interviews to the American Free Press since 2014, most recently on January 21, 2017.
Before his tweet, Arpaio told The Arizona Republic that he was not going to criticize the American Free Press.
"I talk to all media, so what am I supposed to do? Investigate every media outlet to see what stories they write?" Arpaio told the Arizona newspaper. "I don't do that. You know that. I talk to all reporters, all publications."
Arpaio announced his candidacy in January. The former sheriff is one of several Republican candidates vying for retiring Sen. Jeff Flake's seat.
Arpaio is no stranger to controversy. He has been criticized for his hard-line tactics on illegal immigration and for "Tent City," an outdoor jail he oversaw when he was sheriff that human rights groups decried. Last year, he was convicted of criminal contempt for defying a court order to stop racially profiling Latinos, but was pardoned by President Donald Trump before serving any jail time.
The Southern Poverty Law Center lists the American Free Press, based in Washington, DC, as an active hate group. The publication regularly promotes conspiracy theories including that terrorism attacks on September 11, 2001, were a "Jewish plot" and the Holocaust was a hoax.
Arpaio is not the only Senate candidate who recently gave an interview to American Free Press. CNN reported that Rep. Lou Barletta, who is a Republican candidate in the Pennsylvania Senate election, gave an interview to the website in October 2006.
One of the New Year's Christmas Millionaire tickets was sold in the north west.
The American House on Main Street in Bundoran sold one of the runner-up tickets worth a quarter of a million euro for last night's draw. This shop sold a €12million ticket last year.
The winning ticket worth €1 million was sold in Co. Cork.
The ticket worth the most after that was the one sold in Donegal and it was sold on December 31.
It's not yet known if the lucky winner is local or was a visitor to Bundoran on New Year's Eve.
Four other tickets worth €100,000 each were also drawn and won in locations around the country.
The number of the winning ticket which was bought in Bundoran was 435295.
All Christmas Millionaire Raffle ticket holders have 90 days from the day of the draw to collect their prizes. The top six prizes can only be collected in National Lottery offices in Dublin.
Full draw results detailing all 3,176 prize winning numbers will be available on the National Lottery's website www.lottery.ie from today, January 01, 2017.
CARLTON'S new CEO Cain Liddle is happy to continue coach Brendon Bolton's unique rolling contract.
Bolton is the only coach in the AFL without a locked-in contract after Liddle's predecessor Steven Trigg implemented on his appointment in 2015.
Liddle took over from Trigg last month but has not spoken to Bolton about his future, content to back the 38-year-old to lead the Blues back to success.
JON RALPH: BLUES SHOULD BACK BOLTON IN WITH DEAL
CLASH STRIP: BLUES' NEW TRADITION A FRESH AFLW LOOK
The Blues have finished 14th and 16th in Bolton's two years but have shown significant improvement with one of the AFL's most exciting batch of youngsters.
“I think those sorts of decisions are situational to some extent,” Liddle told Sportsday radio.
“I can see why that decision would have been made under the circumstances.
“Brendon and I haven't really spoken about it ... what we need to remember is that Brendon is the only coach in the League that doesn't have an expiry date.
Camera Icon Brendon Bolton at Carlton pre-season training. Picture: Getty Images
“We think he's a great coach and he's going to coach us a long time into the future. If there comes a time where we need to have a chat, then we certainly will but I think all parties are reasonably happy.”
However, Liddle wasn't going to put expectations on Carlton's future.
“I'd be hesitant to put any predictions on next year, but everyone expects to see a continued investment in our young players”
Football returned to Ikon Park last year with the Blues' AFL Women's team drawing huge crowds with a push to play low-drawing games at the boutique stadium.
However, Liddle didn't see that happening any time in the near future.
“It is the spiritual home of Carlton. Our average crowd for AFL is around 40,000, which would not fit at Ikon Park. On that front, I don't see any AFL games being played here in the future”
Although the EU is divided on a number of internal matters, such as the distribution of migrants within the union, most member states have remained united with Brussels during Brexit negotiations.
Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz warned the UK against any attempt to divide the EU to secure a more favorable Brexit deal, The Independent reported on Wednesday.
READ MORE: 'Fake News': Pro-Brexit Politician Denies He's Launching a Coup Against UK PM
“Of course as the presidency in office there are various issues on the table that we haven't chosen – I'm thinking of Brexit. Of course we're unhappy that the United Kingdom is poised to leave the European Union but more important than that is managing an orderly departure,” Mr. Kurz said while addressing the European Parliament.
He said facilitating Britain's exit from the bloc in an unharmful way is “important” and highlighted the importance of “sound political and economic relations” with Britain post-Brexit.
Commenting on the efforts of EU Chief Negotiator Michel Barnier, Chancellor Kurz said, “We will do our best to support him and also preserve the unity of the 27 [member states] in these matters.”
© AP Photo / Yves Logghe EU Brexit Negotiator Praises Dutch PM for Standing Up to Trump Over Trade
Austria has now taken over the presidency of the European Council, which changes on a rotational basis.
UK negotiators and diplomats have reportedly been annoyed by only being allowed to negotiate and discuss concerns with Michel Barnier, as opposed to officials from the member states which make up the EU.
Brexit negotiations have yielded significant progress on a number of matters, but solutions to some issues, including the Irish border, are yet to be finalized.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker mentioned this matter while addressing the European Parliament, saying “We have been waiting for months now for the white paper from No 10 Downing Street and we will analyze it once we receive it. We will not accept that the Irish issue is isolated in such a way that it is the only issue not resolved at the end of these discussions.”
READ MORE: Hammond to Warn That Canada-Style Deal With EU Would Cost Up to 10% of GDP
LOS ANGELES – Grateful Dead continue its ambitious 50th anniversary reissue series with ANTHEM OF THE SUN: 50th ANNIVERSARY DELUXE EDITION.
Like all the albums in the ongoing series, Anthem Of The Sun will be released 50 years after its anniversary date as a two-disc deluxe edition that includes the original album with newly remastered sound, plus a bonus disc of unreleased live recordings. The album will also be released as a 12-inch vinyl picture disc produced in a limited edition of 10,000 copies. Both versions will be available on July 13, a few days before the album's official golden anniversary on July 18.
ANTHEM OF THE SUN: 50th ANNIVERSARY DELUXE EDITION will be available for $24.98 and includes two versions of the original album – one fully remastered from the original 1968 mix, and the other remastered from the more well-known 1971 mix. Both mixes of the albums were mastered by Grammy®-winning engineer David Glasser from the original analog master tapes. The set also includes a bonus disc with a previously unreleased complete live show recorded on October 22, 1967 at Winterland in San Francisco, CA. Newly remastered by Jeffrey Norman, this is the first known recording of the Grateful Dead with Mickey Hart, who joined the band in September 1967.
ANTHEM OF THE SUN: 50th ANNIVERSARY VINYL PICTURE DISC will be available the same day for $21.98 and will feature the remastered 1971 mix of the album.
The band's most experimental album, Anthem Of The Sun was an unprecedented mix of studio and live recordings stitched together to create a hybrid. Fifty years later, it remains a pinnacle of psychedelic music. It also marked a departure for the band, as they began to channel their creativity into longer jams on songs like “Alligator” and “Caution (Do Not Stop On Tracks)” – two live staples of the Dead's early days.
“This is one the most thrilling albums the Grateful Dead ever produced, mixing portions of live recordings from the first six months of Mickey's tenure with the band, along with studio experimentations that would hint at where the Dead would go when they started recording to 16-track tape the following year,” says archivist and producer David Lemieux. “The 1971 remix, produced in order to make the album more accessible to the newer fans who were brought on board with Workingman's Dead and American Beauty, has been the most commonly heard version for the past 45+ years. However, having this side-by-side with the original 1968 mix demonstrates countless differences, with the original mix being more primal, psychedelic, and experimental. Add to this the first extant live recording featuring Mickey as a member of the Grateful Dead, and you have a very special release in every way.”
The bonus disc that accompanies the deluxe edition features an unreleased recording of the band's October 22, 1967 concert at Winterland. In addition to performing songs from the group's eponymous debut (“Beat It On Down The Line” and “Morning Dew”), they also previewed tracks from Anthem Of The Sun (“New Potato Caboose” and parts of “That's It For The Other One.”) During this period, the band included: Jerry Garcia, Bob Weir, Ron “Pigpen” McKernan, Phil Lesh, Mickey Hart, and Bill Kreutzmann.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 20 Lee Counselman, an investment banker focused on software and services, has left Deutsche Bank AG to join boutique investment bank Moelis & Co, a statement by Moelis said on Thursday.
Counselman will be based in Boston and he starts in July. He was most recently the global head of software investment banking at Deutsche Bank and held a prior role as Deutsche Bank's co-head of technology M&A.
He joined Deutsche Bank in 2005 from Merrill Lynch. Deutsche Bank could not immediately be reached for comment.
Moelis co-president Navid Mahmoodzadegan said that Counselman will join the firm's technology, media and telecommunications franchise.
"Our clients will benefit tremendously from Lee's deep industry experience as they continue to look for opportunities to transact," Mahmoodzadegan said.
Counselman has more than 15 years experience advising companies on mergers and acquisitions, debt and equity financing, initial public offerings (IPOs) and private placements, Moelis said in a statement. (Reporting by Liana B. Baker in San Francisco; editing by Grant McCool)
Just in time for the height of the summer driving season, Saudi Arabia's government said Tuesday that it will stand ready to pump more oil
“The kingdom is prepared to utilize its spare production capacity when necessary to deal with any future changes in the levels of supply and demand,” a statement from the Saudi cabinet statement said Tuesday, according to the official Saudi Press Agency.
Oil briefly touched $75 a barrell on Tuesday before retreating following the news of the Saudi government decision. The announcement was made following a cabinet meeting headed by Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud.
The White House said Saturday that King Salman had promised President Donald Trump that he would raise oil production if needed. The U.S. president and the Saudi King spoke on Friday, according to the White House.
President Trump also touted the promise in a tweet Saturday.
“Just spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia and explained to him that, because of the turmoil & disfunction in Iran and Venezuela, I am asking that Saudi Arabia increase oil production, maybe up to 2,000,000 barrels, to make up the difference…Prices to high! He has agreed,” Trump tweeted.
× HPV test more effective than Pap smear in cancer screening, study suggests
Cervical cancer is among the easiest gynecologic cancers to prevent, and two screening tests can help detect the disease early: the routine Pap smear and testing for human papillomavirus, or HPV.
The cytology-based Pap smear involves looking for cancer or precancer cells by testing cells taken from the lower end of a woman's uterus, called the cervix. Diagnosing diseases by looking at single cells and small clusters of cells is called cytology or cytopathology.
On the other hand, a woman's cervix also can be tested for the presence of certain high-risk types of HPV that can cause cancers, including cervical cancer.
Now, a study published in the journal JAMA on Tuesday suggests that cervical HPV testing may be able to detect signs of cancer earlier and more effectively than Pap smear over a 48-month period.
The findings are part of the Human Papillomavirus For Cervical Cancer screening trial, a publicly funded Canadian study.
“There has been a significant body of evidence that shows that by including HPV testing — as co-testing with cytology — we could improve detection of precancerous lesions of the cervix,” said Dr. Gina Ogilvie, professor and Tier 1 Canada Research Chair in Global Control of HPV-related diseases and prevention at the University of British Columbia, who was lead author of the study.
“So this study is the next step, showing that by using only HPV testing in a screening scenario, four years later, women who received HPV testing were less likely to develop precancerous lesions,” she said. “The HPV virus is the cause of 99% of cervical cancers. By focusing on detecting the virus, we are then better able to determine which women have developed precancerous lesions and treat those earlier.”
In 2017, the US Preventive Services Task Force put forth draft recommendations to explore the idea of recommending screening every three years with cervical cytology alone in women ages 21 to 29 and then either continuing that testing or screening with HPV testing alone every five years, up to age 65. A final recommendation has yet to be published.
In 2012, the task force recommended screening for cervical cancer with Pap smear in women 21 to 65 every three years. Women 30 to 65 can screen with a combination of cytology and HPV testing every five years.
Cervical cancer is the fourth most frequent cancer in women globally, according to the World Health Organization. There were an estimated 530,000 new cases in 2012, representing 7.9% of all female cancers.
In the United States this year, the American Cancer Society estimates that there will be 13,240 new cases of invasive cervical cancer diagnosed, and 4,170 women will die from cervical cancer.
Weighing screening options
The new study involved 19,009 women across British Columbia who had no history of invasive cervical cancer. The women, ages 25 to 65, were randomly assigned to one of two groups between 2008 and 2012.
In one group, the women underwent HPV testing alone. In the other group, the women underwent routine cytology-based Pap smear testing. Lastly, if women in the HPV testing group received positive results for HPV, it was followed by cytology, whereas HPV-negative women underwent cytology screening at 24 months after their results.
All participants were invited to complete a demographic and behavioral questionnaire, which included questions related to their HPV vaccination status, sexual health and sociodemographic status, among other factors.
The researchers found that significantly more women showed signs of precancer cells in the first round of HPV testing compared with the Pap test group, despite the groups having similar questionnaire responses.
Referral rates for followup appointments related to concerning test results were significantly higher in the HPV testing group, at 57%, compared with the Pap test group, at 30.8%. By 48 months, those referral rates were lower in the HPV testing group, at 49.2%, compared with the Pap test group, at 70.5%.
“What this study could offer is confidence that the most important part of screening in co-testing is HPV, and health agencies can now consider whether offering Pap tests is good use of limited and scarce health dollars,” Ogilvie said.
“Offering women HPV [testing] for cervical cancer screening detects more precancerous lesions earlier, and also a negative HPV test offers more assurance that women will not develop precancer in the next four years,” she said. “This can mean that women may need to be screened less frequently but have more accurate results.”
Limitations of the study included that the women were mostly highly educated and primarily from two specific regions in British Columbia. More research is needed to determine whether similar results would emerge among a more diverse group of women.
The study was funded by Canada's public research agency, the Canadian Institutes of Health Research.
A few authors of the study reported conflict of interest disclosures with ties to Siemens, a company behind an array of HPV tests, and Merck, maker of the HPV vaccine Gardasil.
Though the findings turn a new spotlight on cervical cancer screening approaches, they should not change current screening guidelines, said Dr. Mark Spitzer, medical director of The Center for Colposcopy in Long Island, New York, and past president of the American Society for Colposcopy and Cervical Pathology. Spitzer was not involved in the study.
“In the US, co-testing is currently the recommended gold standard, and neither doctors nor their patients should be willing to give up the added benefit you get from screening with a Pap test and HPV test together,” said Spitzer, a professor of obstetrics and gynecology at the Zucker School of Medicine at Hofstra/Northwell.
“We have known from years of clinical research that primary HPV testing is more sensitive than cytology testing, a fact that was confirmed by this study. However, the study only compared primary HPV testing to liquid-based cytology,” he said. “There was no co-testing comparison group in the study.”
‘This could really potentially simplify how we screen women'
The study was “well-designed” and provides a much-needed comparison of Pap versus HPV testing, said Dr. Kathleen Schmeler, a gynecologic oncologist and co-leader of the HPV-Related Cancers Moon Shots Program at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, who was not involved in the new research.
“The bottom line is that this could really potentially simplify how we screen women and have it be more effective and not quite as complicated and burdensome — and opens the door for doing just HPV testing, which is actually what's currently recommended by the World Health Organization for countries that don't have Pap testing capabilities,” Schmeler said.
“They say if you don't have Pap testing right now, don't start Pap testing; instead invest in doing primary HPV testing, because it is that much more effective if it's the only option that you have,” she said. “So these implications are important for North America, but they're really important for the whole world. Cervical cancer is more common in lower-resource settings where people don't have access to screening.”
Dr. L. Stewart Massad Jr., a professor of obstetrics and gynecology in the division of gynecologic oncology at Washington University School of Medicine, wrote an editorial that accompanied the study in JAMA.
“What will replace the Pap test? In 2012, the American Cancer Society endorsed co-testing with cervical cytology testing and HPV testing at 5-year intervals as the preferred strategy for screening women 30 to 65 years of age because this approach combines the sensitivity of HPV testing with the familiarity of traditional Pap testing,” Massad wrote.
“However, the addition of cervical cytology testing adds little to the accuracy of HPV testing while increasing cost and false-positive results,” he wrote. “In 2018, organizations that develop cancer screening guidelines are wrestling with whether to recommend replacing co-testing with primary HPV testing as the optimal screening strategy.”
With this new study, that wrestling continues.
It's cold in Minneapolis. Like, bone-chilling cold.
Scroll for more content...
So, the employees of advertising agency Hunt Adkins decided it'd be funny to drive home the point to the hundreds of thousands who'll be descending on their city for the Super Bold this weekend.
Using 1,000 Post-its, they painstakingly spelled out "Cold Yet?" on the window of their office.
Sure, it took them hours. But after they learned some out-of-towners were surprised by the temperatures, they couldn't help but poke a little fun.
"A few of us decided what to write, mapped it out and assembled it in about three hours. It was a labor of love," Sarah Kearin, a 35-year-old copywriter for the agency, told CNN.
There's no snow in the game day forecast, but the predicted high is 7 degrees, with a low of 5 below zero. Factor in the wind chill, and it likely will feel below zero the whole day.
"We thought it might make people smile," Kearin said. "Even if they can't feel their faces."
Hard or soft Brexit aside, pound nervous of economic slowdown
LONDON Last week's shocking British election result and the period of political uncertainty that looks set to follow may have come at the worst of times for the country's economy and the value of the pound sterling.
SHANGHAI, April 28 China's primary money rates jumped for the week as seasonal demand for funds did little to ease tight liquidity despite a central bank-led net cash injection. The volume-weighted average rate of the benchmark seven-day repo traded in the interbank market, considered a key indicator of general liquidity in China, was at 2.9085 percent, around 10 basis points higher than the previous week's closing average rate. The People's Bank of China (PBOC) injected a net 70 billion yuan ($10.16 billion) through open market operations this week, down from a net injection of 170 billion yuan a week earlier. Traders said liquidity conditions remained tight in the money market this week due to seasonal factors, including from pressure caused by month-end demand for funds from banks to shore up their cash buffer to meet regulatory requirements. "Apart from the month-end factor, cash demand from individuals and companies ahead of the upcoming Labor Day long weekend also went up," said a trader at a Chinese bank. The trader expects liquidity conditions to loosen after the holiday, though a second trader at a different Chinese bank doubted that the cash situation would ease. Market participants also noted the government was in favour of tighter policy to reduce financial leverage and reduce systemic risks. Chinese President Xi Jinping called for increased efforts to ward off systemic risks to help maintain financial security, the official Xinhua news agency said this week. The three-day public holidays for Labor Day start on Saturday. Financial markets are closed on May.1. The Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate (SHIBOR) for the seven-day tenor rose to 2.8699 percent, the highest since June 2015, up around 11 basis points from the previous week's close. The one-day or overnight rate stood at 2.7816 percent, the highest level in two years. Key money rates at a glance: Volume-wei Previous Change (bps) Volume ghted day (%) average rate (%) Interbank repo market Overnight 2.7816 2.8597 -7.81 0.00 Seven-day 2.9085 3.0319 -12.34 0.00 14-day 4.1360 3.8731 +26.29 0.00 Shanghai stock exchange repo market Overnight 5.7650 3.9700 +179.50 323,262.9 0 Seven-day 14-day 3.3500 3.9950 -64.50 4,108.30 PBOC Guidance Rates Overnight 2.8000 2.8500 -5.00 Seven-day 4.3000 4.0000 +30.00 14-day 4.5000 4.7000 -20.00 SHANGHAI INTERBANK OFFERED RATE Overnight 2.8190 2.7920 +2.70 Seven-day 2.8699 2.8449 +2.50 Three-month 4.2974 4.2917 +0.57 KEY INTEREST RATE SWAPS: Instrument RIC Rate Spread vs 1 yr official deposit rate* 2 yr IRS based on 1 CNABAD2YF= 0.0000 -1.5 year benchmark 5 yr 7-day repo swap CNYQB7R5Y= 3.9150 n/a *This spread can be seen as a proxy for forward-looking market expectations of an interest rate cut or rise China FX and money market guide: China debt market guide: SHIBOR rates: Reports on central bank open market operations: New Chinese debt issues: Prices for central bank bills, treasury bonds and sovereign bonds: Overview of China financial market data: ($1 = 6.8868 Chinese yuan) (Reporting by Winni Zhou and John Ruwitch; By Shri Navaratnam)
NEW YORK — Joey "Jaws" Chestnut extended his reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for an 11th time.
Miki Sudo held onto her title as the top woman's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
"I found a vicious rhythm," the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session. "I was feeling good today."
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74.
"At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record," said Cincotti, who celebrated his 26th birthday on Wednesday. "Apparently they were good dogs."
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year, but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, 41, of Franklin, New Jersey, said she was attending the competitive eating competition to support her husband Dwight, who "loves wieners."
"We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list," she said.
First Lady Melania Trump strutted in style on Monday alongside President Donald Trump as she departed the White House for New Hampshire to speak about America's opioid crisis.
Wearing a navy coat with a funnel-like collar by French luxury brand Chloé and breathtakingly rich Gianvito Rossi knee-high Italian leather boots, Mrs. Trump was easily the most fashionable woman in the room (not uncommon for her) during the event on opioids.
Mrs. Trump chose big brown-shaded sunglasses to conceal her smokey eyes from the sunlight. The knee-high boots paired with long coats and dresses look that Mrs. Trump chose has been all over the runways in Milan and Paris. Très chic!
John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder
Plans to close a teenage sexual health clinic have been scrapped after an outcry from patients.
Wakefield Council was considering shutting down the service, which runs at Castleford Health Centre, to save cash.
READ: Measles warning to new Wakefield residents
The clinic, which is open to people under the age of 20, offers testing for sexually transmitted infections (STIs), as well as support on issues like pregnancy and contraception.
READ: Why Tommy Robinson was jailed over Facebook rant outside Leeds Crown Court
Health bosses had discussed the possibility of moving the service, which runs on Mondays and Tuesdays, to individual GP surgeries. Patients would also have been directed to similar clinics in Pontefract and Wakefield.
But a consultation of people who'd used the service over the last year found strong opposition to the move and as a result the plans have now been shelved.
Anna Hartley, Wakefield Council's interim director of public health, said: “Following feedback from users of the service, the sexual health clinic running from Castleford Health Centre will remain open.
“The consultation, held at the end of January, showed that some people would be unable to travel to another clinic and that they would like to access local services in Castleford. Therefore, the decision has been made to keep the service running from the centre.”
When the proposals were discussed at a public meeting in February, concerns were raised by a local doctor that the closure would affect “vulnerable women” in Castleford and teenage pregancy numbers could rise as a result.
Ward councillor Tony Wallis said the decision to keep the clinic open was “good news”.
He said: “Castleford is a well populated town and to my mind this is an important service for the area.
“I'm very pleased it's staying open as it's clearly needed.
“It just goes to show the power of a public consultation and it's good to know that people are being heard.”
Anyone wanting to contact the sexual health services can call 0800 1214860.
David Spereall , Local Democracy Reporting Service
The Mississippi Supreme Court issued a ruling last week that will allow the family of Patrauna Hudson to continue their lawsuit against the city of Yazoo City, who they believe is responsible for the drowning death of the nine-year-old girl in 2014.
--- The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The YAZOO HERALD. If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://bit.ly/1B095Lm If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://bitly.com/1wHXqwM If you're not currently a subscriber, click here for more information about our affordable online subscription options: http://bitly.com/18fdnEp
The Golden Triangle describes a mineral-rich region of northwest British Columbia. Its mines and exploration projects are in the watersheds of salmon-rich rivers that enter the ocean in or near southern Southeast Alaska.
Exploration companies say they're finding more and higher-grade ore that could lead to new gold mines. But more drilling doesn't necessarily mean more development.
“In the northwest corner of British Columbia lies a geologic formation known as the Stikine Terrain, which holds some of the richest gold ore bodies in the world,” begins a YouTube video by iResource Media, which covers the mining industry. “This area is so rich, in fact, that they call it the Golden Triangle.”
It and similar reports describe two active mines and close to a dozen exploration projects in the area. They're upstream from the Stikine or Unuk Rivers, which flow through southern Southeast Alaska. Or they're in the headwaters of the Naas River, which empties into the ocean just south of the Alaska border.
One of the newer drill projects is the Iskut, owned by Seabridge Gold. Spokesman Brent Murphy said the company is in its second year of exploration.
“We had some success last year where we found some evidence of gold mineralization, and now we want to go out and see if we can find the origin and source of that gold so that we can develop a potential resource,” he said.
The project includes the closed Johnny Mountain Mine. Seabridge has removed and cleaned up abandoned fuel tanks and other contamination that project left behind.
Murphy said it looks promising. But that doesn't mean it will become a mine.
“It's way too early to even speculate. We are just in the very early stages of exploration,” he said.
Seabridge also owns the Kerr Sulphurets Mitchell project, which it's been pursuing since the early 2000s. In recent years it's been granted key permits needed for construction. The company is actively seeking investors.
KSM, as it's known, is the largest project in B.C.'s Golden Triangle. Murphy said the company has located new deposits of valuable minerals.
“What we've found over the last three to four years is we're definitely hitting higher copper grades and gold grades,” he said.
Iskut and KSM are but two of the exploration projects claiming to have found valuable metals in the Golden Triangle. Calls to other companies were not returned. But all are clearly taking advantage of regional upgrades and the lucrative trend in the industry.
A key factor is the rising price of gold, which has been hovering around $1,300 per ounce. That's more than twice the value of a dozen years ago.
Another factor is infrastructure. New pavement, hydroprojects and power lines have been developed with support from the British Columbia government. And a deep-water port has been developed at Stewart, the anchorage nearest to the Golden Triangle mines.
“There's a lot of exploration work taking place and that kind of waxes and wanes,” said Kyle Moselle, large mine project manager for Alaska's Department of Natural Resources.
He and a state biologist toured some of the Golden Triangle sites last fall and saw evidence of increased activity. The improved business climate is leading to more drilling, but that's it.
“Does that mean that there's a flood of mine projects coming? I don't think so. I've never seen exploration work be an indication of actual mines being developed or proposed,” he said.
The number of projects makes it difficult for environmental, fisheries, tribal and government mine critics.
They say pollution from digging and milling could end up in transboundary rivers, threatening salmon and other fisheries.
“It's hard to really prioritize which are the most important ones, which are the ones that might go ahead and which are the ones that could have effects down here in Alaska,” said Chris Zimmer, Alaska campaign director for Rivers Without Borders.
He's tracked transboundary mines and exploration projects for years.
He's encouraged by political changes in the federal and provincial governments. They continue to support development, but appear to be putting more emphasis on environmental protections. But he said those are long overdue.
“As I look at that, all that does be put us back to where we basically should have been 10 years ago. Fix the flaws in the B.C. assessment process over there. It's definitely not a magic bullet and not the best way to address our concerns downstream,” he said.
Climate change is also making it easier to explore for gold and other rare minerals.
Warming global temperatures are melting back ice fields and glaciers in the Golden Triangle, allowing easier access to once hidden ore.
Thursday's New York Times bombshell, which has effectively ended Oscar-winning producer and Democrat super-donor Harvey Weinstein's career, contains two equally disturbing pieces of news, only one of which the national media will report and explore.
The first, of course, involves three decades of sexual misconduct allegations against Weinstein, who has released a broad statement accepting “responsibility” for his behavior coupled with the claim that the Times got some things wrong.
advertisement
The second bombshell, the one our national media is already sweeping under the rug, is that for twenty-plus years, many in Hollywood believed Weinstein was abusing his power to procure, harass, and manipulate young women, and no one said anything — not even the powerful.
The Times' story opens with an allegation from former-movie star and strident leftwing feminist Ashley Judd:
Harvey Weinstein invited Ashley Judd to the Peninsula Beverly Hills hotel for what the young actress expected to be a business breakfast meeting. Instead, he had her sent up to his room, where he appeared in a bathrobe and asked if he could give her a massage or she could watch him shower, she recalled in an interview. […] Mr. Weinstein soon issued invitation after invitation, she said. Could he give her a massage? When she refused, he suggested a shoulder rub. She rejected that too, she recalled. He steered her toward a closet, asking her to help pick out his clothing for the day, and then toward the bathroom. Would she watch him take a shower? she remembered him saying. “I said no, a lot of ways, a lot of times, and he always came back at me with some new ask,” Ms. Judd said. “It was all this bargaining, this coercive bargaining.”
According to Judd, this disturbing incident occurred in 1997 while she was shooting Kiss the Girls, the movie that, for a short while, would make her a major star. Then comes her most damning admission:
In speaking out about her hotel episode, Ms. Judd said in a recent interview, “Women have been talking about Harvey amongst ourselves for a long time, and it's simply beyond time to have the conversation publicly.”
In other words, in Judd's own mind, Weinstein had not only harassed her, but did so to numerous women. And she said nothing. Even at the peak of her Hollywood powers, she remained silent.
If the Times' article proves accurate, Judd is far from alone. Over the course of a three-decade career, Weinstein reportedly settled eight sexual harassment complaints, including one with actress Rose McGowan, who presents herself today as the wokest of wokened feminists.
The Times claims that McGowan's silence was purchased for a mere $100,000.
Silence, silence, silence… And all of this indefensible silence reportedly allowed Weinstein to use and abuse his company and staff as a sort of sexual harassment perpetual motion machine:
[A former employee] suspected that she and other female Weinstein employees, she wrote, were being used to facilitate liaisons with “vulnerable women who hope he will get them work.”
This pattern of alleged harassment went well beyond a leer, an indecent proposal, or ham-handed pass from a clumsy fat guy. It was downright creepy:
In interviews, eight women described varying behavior by Mr. Weinstein: appearing nearly or fully naked in front of them, requiring them to be present while he bathed or repeatedly asking for a massage or initiating one himself. The women, typically in their early or mid-20s and hoping to get a toehold in the film industry, said he could switch course quickly — meetings and clipboards one moment, intimate comments the next. One woman advised a peer to wear a parka when summoned for duty as a layer of protection against unwelcome advances.
Worse still, there are also allegations of outright sexual assault. In March of 2015, Italian model Ambra Battilana told police, “Weinstein had grabbed her breasts after asking if they were real and put his hands up her skirt.” Another settlement followed. More silence.
All these powerful people, all of these alleged victims, and no one went public.
So what about the entertainment media? Where the hell were they?
Variety's editor-in-chief Claudia Eller told CNN Thursday that this was “the story we all tried to get for decades.” She added, “We knew there were settlements, but there was no paper trail. And unfortunately, alleged victims contacted refused to go on the record.”
But here is the thing; according to Peter Biskind's 2004 non-fiction book Down and Dirty Pictures: Miramax, Sundance, and the Rise of Independent Film, Weinstein manipulated and pocketed the entertainment media in extraordinary ways. He hired countless “journalists” to work for his company in various capacities, offered them glamorous opportunities, and oftentimes threatened to pull advertising from publications working on negative stories. An entertainment media starved for Oscar campaign dollars simply could not afford to lose Hollywood's most prolific Oscar-winner and advertiser.
Finally, there is just the simple truth that Weinstein's appalling behavior was no secret in Hollywood. Whether it was his explosive temper, his bullying of anyone he could bully, or the alleged sexual harassment and assault, everyone knew, and no one did anything to stop it.
No one expects a vulnerable, fresh-off-the-bus-from-Ohio wannabe actress to drop a dime on a Harvey Weinstein. And we will probably never know just how many insecure and desperate Ohio girls he procured over the decades. But silence is complicity and a whole lot of powerful people, by their own admission, remained silent, even though they believed these Ohio girl-victims were piling up like cord wood.
And now we come to the part the national media will never-ever-ever go near…
You can bet the house that Bill and Hillary Clinton knew all about the rumors surrounding Weinstein's indefensible behavior, and so did Barack and Michelle Obama, and so did every single Democrat who benefitted from Weinstein's donations and mega-fundraising.
But they still took the money, didn't they?
Of course they did.
And even though they knew the truth, Variety still took Weinstein's advertising money.
And even though, going all the way back to 1997, she believed Weinstein was a monstrous serial-harasser, Ashley Judd still worked with him in 2002's Frida and 2009's Crossing Over — still put on a pussy hat and lashed out against “sexist” President Trump before she ever went public with what she knew for a fact about Weinstein.
And even as the mainstream and entertainment media, even as Bigtime celebs called for the heads of Roger Ailes and Bill O'Reilly over alleged behavior that pales in comparison, they kept Harvey's dirty little secret.
So why go public now?
Weinstein is 65 years-old, his company is reportedly going broke, and he has not produced a hit in nearly five years. In other words, he is an aging, washed-up hasbeen who can no longer do anything for Hollywood's Ashley Judds and Varietys.
Harvey Weinstein's world did not collapse this week because oh-so progressive Hollywood suddenly grew a conscience over all of those Ohio girls.
This is about score-settling, not feminism.
This is about payback, not making the world a better place.
These are bad people who allowed a bad man to get away with doing bad things for as long as he was useful to them — as long as the price paid by the Ohio girls was made up for in campaign donations to The Cause.
Rotting leftwing Hollywood, the co-opted entertainment media, the Democrat Party and its national media enablers… a wicked and entrenched system, enablers all, who are every bit as guilty as good ole' Harvey.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC. Follow his Facebook Page here.
JOHANNESBURG, March 31 The firing of South African Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan is "totally unacceptable" and President Jacob Zuma made the decision because of a "dubious" intelligence report, Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa said on Friday.
Ramaphosa also told reporters that he would not resign following the cabinet reshuffle.
"I'm staying to serve our people," he said. (Reporting by Nqobile Dludla; Writing by Ed Stoddard; Editing by Joe Brock)
Scroll for more content...
The "Top Gun" sequel just got a little more interesting.
With a retweet of a report from Variety, Miles Teller appeared to confirm the news he will star as the son of Anthony Edward's character in the forthcoming film "Top Gun: Maverick."
"I feel the need..." Teller's tweet read.
The 1986 original starred Tom Cruise as Navy pilot Pete "Maverick" Mitchell. "Top Gun" fans have been thrilled since news broke that a sequel was on its way.
Related: Tom Cruise teases 'Top Gun' sequel
Edwards played Nick "Goose" Bradshaw, a co-pilot and best friend of Mitchell, who dies in the original film.
The plot for the sequel hasn't been released, but there has been speculation that it will center on Mitchell mentoring younger pilots.
In October, director Joseph Kosinski told ComingSoon.net, "The Navy is very different now than it was in 1986."
"Back then, they hadn't been in any war for 15 or 20 years at that point," he said. "The tone of that movie and what those guys were doing was very different. Now, here in 2017, the Navy's been at war for 20 years. It's just a different world now, so you can't remake the first movie."
According to Kosinski, the sequel has to "adapt."
"That being said, I certainly want to recreate the experience of that movie, which gives you a front-seat into the world of Naval aviation and what it's like to be in a fighter jet," he said. "The approach is going to be appropriate for the times we live in."
According to Variety, Teller's character will be a protege of Cruise's character.
"Top Gun: Maverick" is set for release in July 2019.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Feb. 15 (UPI) — Kate Upton is featured on the cover of Sports Illustrated's annual swimsuit issue for the third time in her career.
Unveiled on Jimmy Kimmel Live! Tuesday, the issue hits newsstands with three official covers featuring Upton in a trio of revealing beachwear.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“Is that really a swimsuit that you'er wearing because it seems just like a hammock that got torn to bits,” Kimmel joked about one of her swimsuit's on display.
“I think it's just a rope,” the model responded laughing.
Upton started her career modeling for Sports Illustrated's swimsuit edition in 2011 when the magazine named her Rookie of the Year. She has landed a spread in the swimsuit issue five times and appeared on the cover in back-to-back years in 2012 and 2013.
“It's a full circle moment for us,” Sports Illustrated editor MJ Day said in a statement. “We started Kate in her career, and you know, we watched her grow and become not only this worldwide, superstar phenomenon; she changed the direction of the modeling industry. Kate Upton was really this trailblazer that led the way for the Ashley Grahams of the world and everything you're seeing happen that's different in fashion right now.”
“I was very excited when MJ asked me to be back in the issue,” Upton added. “Especially when this year's theme is about every woman of every age and every body type being accepted. It was inspiring to be asked to be a part of that issue.”
“Those are the campaigns I want to do and the career I want to have — to inspire women to love themselves. That's a balance of working hard and eating healthy but also enjoying life and having cheat days and for the emphasis not to be on the ideal perfect body. It makes me proud to be asked back,” she continued.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. — Syracuse guard Tyus Battle has decided to withdraw from the NBA draft and return to school for his junior year.
Battle says in a statement on the university website that he feels it's in his best interest "to focus on improving some fine points" in his game and work toward his degree.
Battle says he plans to re-enter the draft next year and calls his decision to return an easy one.
Battle had a standout sophomore season, leading Division I in average minutes played and the Orange in scoring at 19.2 points per game. That earned him a second-team All-Atlantic Coast Conference selection, and his 712 points were the most for a sophomore in school history.
Ex-wrestlers say congressman knew of alleged Ohio St abuse
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Carolyn Kaster, AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Files –This Oct. 22, 2015 file photo shows U.S. Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, on Capitol Hill. Two men who were wrestlers at Ohio State University in the 1990s say Jordan isn't being truthful when he says he wasn't aware of allegations team doctor Richard Strauss was groping male wrestlers, NBC reported Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Male athletes from 14 sports at Ohio State have reported alleged sexual misconduct by Strauss, whose 2005 death at the age of 67 was ruled a suicide. Jordan's spokesman says in a statement the congressman never saw or heard about any abuse or had any abuse reported when he was an assistant wrestling coach at Ohio State. less FILE –This Oct. 22, 2015 file photo shows U.S. Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, on Capitol Hill. Two men who were wrestlers at Ohio State University in the 1990s say Jordan isn't being truthful when he says he wasn't ... more Photo: Carolyn Kaster, AP Image 2 of 3 Former Ohio State wrestler Mike DiSabato discusses abuse he says he suffered at the hands of a late Ohio State team doctor in the 1990s, on Monday, July 2, 2018, in Dublin, Ohio. DiSabato and another former wrestler also say U.S. Rep. Jim Jordan, a former Ohio State wrestling coach, isn't being truthful when he says he wasn't aware at the time of abuse allegations against Dr. Richard Strauss, who died in 2005. less Former Ohio State wrestler Mike DiSabato discusses abuse he says he suffered at the hands of a late Ohio State team doctor in the 1990s, on Monday, July 2, 2018, in Dublin, Ohio. DiSabato and another former ... more Photo: Andrew Welsh-Huggins, AP Image 3 of 3 Ex-wrestlers say congressman knew of alleged Ohio St abuse 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — An Ohio congressman isn't being truthful when asserting he was unaware of allegations that a now-dead team doctor was abusing athletes, according to two former university wrestlers.
U.S. Rep. Jim Jordan, a former standout college wrestler at the University of Wisconsin and later a coach at Ohio State, knew when he was at the university that the doctor was groping male wrestlers, said ex-wrestlers Mike DiSabato and Dunyasha Yetts.
The wrestlers' allegations were first reported Tuesday by NBC. Jordan, a two-time NCAA Division I wrestling champion, denies them.
Jordan, a founder of the conservative Freedom Caucus, is one of the most powerful Republicans in Congress and a potential contender for speaker. He's taken leading roles in fighting the Affordable Care Act and in pushing back against the government's Russia investigation, most recently interrogating Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein in committee.
Male athletes from 14 sports at Ohio State have reported alleged sexual misconduct by Richard Strauss, who was on the faculty and medical staff and published a variety of research. Strauss died in 2005, and it was ruled a suicide.
Ohio State has not released details about the claims but said more than 150 former students and witnesses have been interviewed so far. The school has urged anyone with information about Strauss to contact the independent investigators from Seattle-based law firm Perkins Coie.
Perkins Coie also is reviewing whether Strauss examined high school students.
Yetts, 47, of Steubenville, said Strauss groped him at least three times during routine exams when he wrestled in the early to mid-1990s. Jordan was Yetts' weight-class coach at the time, and the two spoke frequently about Strauss, he said. Jordan was among the people Yetts told about groping the first time in happened in 1992, Yetts told The Associated Press Tuesday.
"He'd even make comments, 'This guy better not touch me,'" Yetts said.
Beginning in 2007, Yetts served 18 months in prison after pleading guilty to federal mail fraud charges. Yetts are accused of bilking investors out of $1.8 million as part of an investment scheme he ran from 1998 to 2001.
Yetts, an operations manager for a gas drilling company, said Tuesday he has paid his debt for past mistakes. He said the fraud case has nothing to do with what he went through as a student-athlete.
DiSabato, of Dublin in suburban Columbus, also told the AP that Jordan had direct knowledge of the Strauss allegations. DiSabato, 50, said he was moved to tell Ohio State of Strauss' actions after hearing accounts last year of gymnasts sexually abused by sports doctor Larry Nassar. DiSabato says he's angered that Jordan hasn't acknowledged the abuse.
Jordan's spokesman said in a statement that the congressman never saw or heard about any abuse or had any abuse reported to him during his time at Ohio State.
"He has not been contacted by investigators about the matter but will assist them in any way they ask, because if what is alleged is true, the victims deserve a full investigation and justice," said spokesman Ian Fury.
Late Tuesday, a law firm representing Ohio State contradicted that statement. An investigative legal team looking into the allegations against Strauss previously contacted Jordan's office by phone and email requesting he participates in an interview, but Jordan did not respond, said Kathleen Trafford of Porter Wright in Columbus.
"The investigative team is continuing its efforts to schedule an interview with Rep. Jordan, as well as other individuals with potential knowledge relating to the allegations," Trafford said.
Fury said the office can't find a record of those requests but remains willing to assist investigators.
The U.S. House speaker's office on Tuesday called the allegations against Jordan "serious."
Doug Andres, a spokesman for GOP Speaker Paul Ryan, said the university has "rightfully initiated a full investigation into the matter" and the speaker will "await the findings of that inquiry."
Nassar, 54, pleaded guilty to molesting women and girls under the guise of treatment and was caught with child pornography. He is serving three prison sentences that likely will keep him locked up for life.
___
Associated Press Writers John Seewer in Toledo, Kantele Franko and Julie Carr Smyth in Columbus and Congressional Reporter Matthew Daly in Washington, D.C., contributed to this report.
___
Andrew Welsh-Huggins can be reached on Twitter at https://twitter.com/awhcolumbus.
Britain's Heathrow Airport says baggage handling disrupted at two terminals
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said some passengers might have to travel without their bags on Thursday after an issue with its baggage system affected Terminals 3 and 5.
Australia's biggest bank repeatedly tried to mislead the corporate watchdog over the extent of its problems selling junk insurance to students, pensioners and the unemployed, the banking royal commission was told yesterday.
The Commonwealth Bank made multiple attempts to underplay the number of customers affected by sales of the junk insurance policies before finally agreeing last year to repay about 64,000 customers sold credit card insurance they would not be able to use.
The insurance covers repayments if clients lost their job, but it was sold to students, pensioners and the unemployed. They were charged 55¢ a month for every $100 owing on the card — or $16.50 for an average $3000 credit card debt — despite the bank knowing they could not make a claim as they had no job to lose.
The Australian Securities and Investments Commission identified the problem in 2011 but senior counsel assisting the royal commission, Rowena Orr, said the bank kept selling the products for four years, until an internal audit identified the breach. Ms Orr said the bank in a 2015 review identified 64,000 victims of the junk credit card insurance, but it consistently underplayed the issue when it self-reported the problem to ASIC.
Camera Icon The royal commission into banking has heard how the Commonwealth Bank mislead the corporate watchdog on the extent of how it pushed junk insurance. Picture: Robert Cianflone/Getty Images
Ms Orr said the bank initially told ASIC of about 28,000 customers with current policies, not those who had dropped the cover, and had to be “pushed and pushed and pushed” before finally agreeing to reimburse everyone who had bought junk cover.
The royal commission was told bank staff kept selling separate lines of insurance covering personal and home loans, despite the bank knowing similar problems existed with those products from 2015.
While it modified its sales scripts to try to exclude those without jobs that year, the Commonwealth did not tell ASIC it had broken the rules for another two years.
Even then it only admitted the breach after a customer sold the dud insurance complained to regulators.
A cash for loans bribery ring has been exposed on day one of the banking royal commission The West Australian A cash for loans bribery ring has been exposed on day one of the banking royal commission
The bank's executive general manager of retail products, Clive van Horen, denied the bank had tried to “sweep aside” the problems, but admitted it had failed in its obligation to disclose its breaches of consumer credit rules “honestly, efficiently and fairly”.
“We should have done it earlier. I'm not going to deny that for one second,” he said.
Commissioner Kenneth Hayne queried whether the bank's response involved a “series of unfortunate events”, or was a pattern of behaviour.
“The alternative is whether it is open to me to conclude that CBA swept the problem aside in the hope it would go away,” Mr Hayne said.
Mr van Horen said the bank had erred by trying to deal with its credit card insurance problems before looking at issues with other products.
“In all of my engagement on this matter, and everything I've observed from investigating, CBA had no intention to sweep the matter aside or pretend it didn't exist,” he said.
Amid the ongoing fight against the dire threat of international terrorists, who are striking back across the world, Sputnik Italy sat down with Ranieri Razzante, an Italian lawyer and professor at University of Bologna and G. Marconi University in Rome. He is also the director of the Observatory on Money Laundering and the Financing of Terrorism at the Fondazione Bruno Visentini Luiss University, in Rome, and adviser to the Parliamentary Anti-Mafia Commission.
"My answer might seem quite trivial: we need weapons and war to defeat terror. The war terrorism declared against us requires a tough response and less dialogue, even though diplomacy and dialogue, as real weapons of a state, should also be applied," he told Sputnik.
He further suggested that the countries where traditional Islam is practiced will help to take on those lunatics who buy into the religion of death and deface the real faith. Even though traditional Islam might be of great help, the expert said, there should be a military response to terrorism in the form of military attacks on those countries which support terror.
"It is necessary to introduce sanctions against those countries which finance Daesh. We should take a hard line against those countries which do it for the sake of their certain interests. They should be sanctioned by Europe, the US and others," he said.
Ranieri Razzante further suggested that if it is revealed and proven that a certain country is financing terrorism, the rest of the world should impose an embargo on it. There should also be control over banking and financial systems in the countries outside Europe, where there is basically no control.
"I do not understand why in some countries of the Middle East, Asia and Africa there is almost no control over banking transactions. There is a whole system of banks which enables to provide illegal financial support to Islamic extremists with the help of donations and contributions. And we can no longer close our eyes to it," he said.
"We can no longer afford, as we have been erroneously doing until now, to hold in confidence any personal data both at a national and international level. We can't restrict the access of special services to the computers of suspected citizens. In such cases the protection of personal data should be secondary to the protection of a democratic state," the expert said.
Razzante then commented on the recent terror attack which happened in St. Petersburg, Russia, which was not widely reported in Italy. Terrorists, he said, do not make any distinction between countries, they have declared war on the whole civilized world, on Europe, Russia, the US, and so on.
Russia is doing a lot for the fight against terrorism. It is leading the anti-terrorist coalition in Syria and Iraq. Russia, Europe, the US and NATO, he said, should sit down at the negotiation table and should find a solution to the problem, which can be tackled only through unified international efforts.
In an interview with Sputnik, Polish MP Janusz Sanocki, who voted for amendments to the law on the Institute of National Remembrance, said that he was by no means surprised by the angry uproar it had caused abroad, including in Ukraine.
“I knew that our law would not sit well with the Ukrainians, I mean their politicians who are basing their quest for national and state identity on blatant lies about the ‘heroism' allegedly displayed by the OUN-UPA, by people like Shukhevych and Bandera, dyed-in-the-wool murderers and fascists whom they are touting as heroes! I'm sure that we took the right decision. I voted for it too. Here in Poland, people consider Bandera's ideology as Nazi and Hitlerite. We outlawed attempts to lionize these criminals,” he said.
Speaking about Israeli authorities' criticism of the bill, Sanocki said that the lawmakers should have been more precise when formulating its provisions focusing more on the ban to write and speak about “Polish death camps.”
“Unfortunately, during the time of Nazi occupation, some Poles reported on Jews, just like there were Jews who served as policemen in Warsaw's Jewish ghetto! Not all Poles are angels but we really feel offended when we hear about ‘Polish death camps' which never existed,” he emphasized.
He added that if Ukraine wants to become a civilized country it must denounce Bandera's ideology and respect all its citizens, Polish, Russian, whoever.
“We know, however, that after the Maidan coup they repealed the law that guaranteed the equal status of languages and of ethnic minorities – sheer nonsense,” Janusz Sanocki noted.
On January 31, the US State Department appealed to Poland to “reevaluate the legislation in light of its potential impact on the principle of free speech and on our ability to be effective partners.”
Sanocki described Poland's past and present foreign policy as a mistake because it has made the country completely dependent on the United States.
“The US is anything but an apostle of good, truth and love. It's a mighty power with its own interests, including a close bond with Israel. If the Americans were to choose between Israel and Poland, they would certainly go for Israel. Meanwhile, we have soured our relations with Russia by being foursquare behind Ukraine and taking other strange steps, just as our American Big Brother was dressing us down and bringing us to heel. Our constitution is legitimate, logical and historically correct. We should not let any of the two Big Brothers tell us what to do,” Janusz Sanocki concluded.
READ MORE: Jewish Union Head Warns Poland's Nazi 'Death Camp' Bill Stifles Honest Debate
To become law, the amended bill on the Institute of national Remembrance must now be signed by President Andrzej Duda, who has previously expressed his support.
Violations will be punished by a fine or a jail sentence of up to three years.
Guests at Kaley Cuoco and Karl Cook‘s June 30 wedding were incredibly generous — but the gifts they brought to the celebration weren't for the newlyweds.
In an Instagram post on Tuesday, Cuoco, 32, explained she'd asked friends and family to do something a little different on her big day.
“In lieu of human wedding gifts, Norman [Cuoco's dog] asked that guests bring dog and cat donations for @pawworks which will be delivered this week. Wow did everyone come through!!! Unbelievable donations and gifts for our 4 legged friends. Thank you to everyone, what an incredible turn out! We feel so blessed and happy.”
An accompanying photo showcased all of the goods, plus a giant portrait of Norman, done by photographer Monica Hoover.
Cuoco has never been shy about her love of animals, regularly sharing photos of her pups and horses on Instagram. Her wedding was even equestrian themed, taking place at a San Diego stable — in part because her new husband, 27, is a professional equestrian. Naturally, Cuoco's dogs took part in the nuptials, too. ” All I wanted was to be surrounded by our animals,” she wrote in another Instagram. “Nothing made me happier.”
Paw Works is an animal rescue organization in Ventura County, California; Cuoco has long been a donor and also sits on the board.
Hungry and cold to fed and clothed. It's been a week of opportunity for the 150 people who were kicked out of the Economy Inn on Augusta Rd.
Scroll for more content...
That night, families stood on the curb with all of their belongings wondering where they would go next.
Shelters were full and they had no time to plan, but in nine days, many of them said they've experienced a lifestyle change they could have never imagined.
For Craig Dunbar, life has done a 180 just in the last week. He shows off his new shoes that he said might not be important to some people, but to him the donated sneakers symbolize hope.
"We would walk all the way from the Economy Inn to Rutherford Road to the labor finders and that was just so we could make a few dollars so we could pay for our room every day," said Dunbar.
He and his roommate would get up in the middle of the night to begin their three hour walk. He said you could see his feet through the soles of his shoes, but it's what had to be done if he wanted a roof over his head.
"It's all we knew at that time, it's all we could basically afford," Dunbar said.
Even if it meant sleeping next to roaches and mice, but as Dunbar hangs up his donated suits, he's grateful Nicholtown Missionary Baptist Church and the community were there to help get him back on his feet.
"They took us to the job fair and we all got hired on," Dunbar said.
Jobs, toiletries, clothes and most importantly three meals a day. Dunbar said it's a lifestyle many of those displaced had never seen.
Susan Stall said she was in the church hallway when she realized she had to step in and help. She saw an elderly gentleman, curled up sleeping on an air mattress.
"He brought me some of his things and so I didn't even think about the fact that it might not be a good idea to dump everything out on the floor of my laundry room and everything was completely filled with huge bed bugs," Stall said.
Stall brought to tears just thinking about it, she said this man had no family, nowhere to go, and somehow he reminded her of her father. She lives just one mile away from the Economy Inn and that's when she realized their paths were always so close to crossing.
"My husband asked him if he used to sit outside on a bucket," Stall said. "Jerry said yes and my husband saw him every time he drove by the Economy Inn."
That man has been placed in housing and now stall and dozens of others, including Senator Karl Allen, are trying to make sure the other 149 are just as lucky.
"This is a mammoth effort that has taken place because of this crisis effort that was created," Allen said. "We cannot leave these activists, we cannot leave Nicholtown Church, we cannot leave them out in the cold. We must embrace them."
A SOUTH Perth shopkeeper staged a courageous citizen's arrest yesterday afternoon after business owners were allegedly threatened by a gunman.
According to police the drama unfolded shortly after 5pm last night after a man allegedly armed with a hatchet and a replica gun, stormed into stores along Mends Street.
Police claim the man stole property from a dress shop inside South Shore Piazza, before tyring to rob a newsagent and a hairdresser.
Paul Noble from the Mends Street Newsagency says the gun was held just centimetres from his head, in the chaos.
"He pulled the gun up with his right hand... straight in my face. I was literally looking down the barrel," he said.
Camera Icon Paul Noble from the Mends Street Newsagency said the alleged offender put the gun inches from his head.
It was during his alleged attempt to take on the hairdressers that staff and a customer were able to detain him until police arrived.
Other frightened shopkeepers and locals huddled together in shock as the trouble unfolded.
One witnesses, Brenda Brown, described her shock at the scenes.
"I was just frightened thinking, 'Oh my god. A gun... in South Perth!'' she said.
“You just don't expect it do you, you know?"
Police confirmed a 35-year-old Bentley man has been charged with several offences including armed robbery and is due in court today.
Portland police have declared a Patriot Prayer march on Saturday a riot.
Scroll for more content...
On Saturday, a Patriot Prayer march had a permit to begin in the area of Madison and Third Avenue, according to police.
Officers said fireworks and other objects were being thrown around Second and Main Street and that the permit was canceled.
Later on, police said they observed "assaults, criminal behavior, and projectiles being thrown" and declared the event a riot.
Police continued to say that people must leave the area and failure to comply may be subject to an arrest.
The Federal Protective Service has closed Terry Schrunk Plaza, according to police and the permit is revoked for the plaza.
Stay with FOX as we update on the march.
Wales secured a vital 1-0 victory in Georgia to keep their hopes of automatic World Cup qualification alive on Friday as Tom Lawrence sealed the points with his first goal for his country.
Lawrence lashed home right-footed from just outside the area in the 49th minute to earn Wales only their fourth victory in nine qualifying games and put them clear in second spot in Group D with 17 points, a point behind leaders Serbia.
Should third-placed Ireland suffer a shock home defeat by Moldova later on Friday Wales would be guaranteed at least runners-up spot in the group and a possible playoff place as they bid to reach the World Cup for the first time since 1958.
Serbia is in action at fourth-placed Austria where victory will see them finish as group winners and qualify for the finals.
Wales, who are without injured talisman Gareth Bale, face Ireland on Monday in what is shaping up to be a colossal match with a likely playoff spot up for grabs.
“I always knew this was going to be a tight group and always thought it would go the wire,” Wales manager Chris Coleman said.
“All we can do is work hard and take care of our business. We have a huge test on Monday night against the Republic of Ireland. We have a game plan and we will see where it takes us.”
Only the eight runners-up with the best records from the nine European groups will take part in the two-legged playoffs.
Wales were ninth best going into the match in Tbilisi but victory lifted them to sixth in that complex table.
Without Bale, Wales produced a disciplined performance against a tricky Georgian side who drew 1-1 in Cardiff — one of five draws for Coleman's team.
Chances were few and far between but Derby County's Lawrence produced a quality finish to break the deadlock.
Turning into space 30 metres out he advanced before firing a powerful drive across Georgia keeper Giorgi Loria.
There were nerves at the end as Georgia pressed for an equaliser — their best chance coming when a superb pass sliced open the Welsh defence to leave Otar Kakabadze in the clear but he elected to cross rather than shoot and wasted the chance.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Pro-Syrian government forces that attempted to move inside the deconfliction zone with Russia near al-Tanf are now gathered outside the area, US Secretary of Defense James Mattis stated on Wednesday.
"They have now hovered outside the deconfliction zone having learned the lesson that if they'd listened to the Russians, they would not have had to learn the hard way," Mattis said in a US Senate hearing.
[India], December 12 (ANI): The Supreme Court will today hear the review petitions filed by one of the four convicts in the Nirbhaya gang-rape and murder case.
Mukesh, who has been sentenced to death along with three other convicts in the case, had filed the petition.
The apex court, in May, upheld the order of Delhi High Court, which had sentenced the four convicts - Akshay, Pawan, Vinay Sharma and Mukesh - to death.
On December 16, 2012, six people gangraped a 23-year-old physiotherapy intern in a moving bus in Delhi.
The woman succumbed to her injuries in a Singapore hospital on December 29, 2012. One of the accused, Ram Singh, had hanged himself in the prison, while another person, who was a juvenile at the time of the crime, was convicted in August last year and is serving the maximum sentence of three years in a reform home. (ANI)
0 2 women accused of burning 5-year-old girl in voodoo ceremony, police say
EAST BRIDGEWATER, Mass. - Two women are accused of performing voodoo on a 5-year-old girl who will now have scars on her face for the rest of her life.
>> Read more trending news
Police said two family friends poured boiling water with chemicals on her face because they thought she was possessed by the devil.
East Bridgewater police said Rachel Hilaire and Peggy Labossiere burned the girl and told her 8-year-old brother they would cut off his head with a machete.
“Two friends did a voodoo procedure is what they called it,” Deputy Police Chief Paul O'Brien said. “They are young kids, and they were writing it off as there were evil spirits possessing the kids.”
The incident happened while the two kids and their mother were staying at a West Union Street apartment. A man who lives upstairs told Boston 25 News he had no idea what happened just feet away from where he lived.
Authorities said, the mother told her friends that the kids had been possessed by the devil and they “needed to perform prayers.”
“They applied a couple of chemicals to the face, packed it with some oil, we don't have the identification of them,” O'Brien said.
According to court documents obtained by Boston 25 News, the girl told police Labossiere tied her up and put water and other substances on her eyes. It was “cold and nasty, and it hurt.”
“She is all scared up below the eyes,” O'Brien said. “From what we are hearing, they are probably not going to heal.”
The brother told police that Labossiere “held a long stick to his throat and it was hard to breathe.
Both women are being held on $50,000 bail with a dangerousness hearing scheduled for next week. Police said their investigation is ongoing and the mother is at a mental health facility for an evaluation.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Ecobank invites entries for fintech challenge
Ecobank is inviting African fintech entrepreneurs to enter its Ecobank Fintech Challenge.
Now in its second year, the initiative gives African start-ups the chance to promote their fintech solutions, and potentially to partner Ecobank in rolling-out their solutions across Ecobank's 33 markets.
Ten finalists will be selected to participate in an Awards and Innovation Fair at the global headquarters of Ecobank in Lomé, Togo in July 2018. Following a series of pitches from the finalists, a panel of judges will select the top three winners, who will receive cash prizes worth $10 000, $7 000, and $5 000 respectively.
All 10 finalists will also be conferred Ecobank Fintech Fellows and will qualify to explore opportunities to partner with Ecobank including:
* Multi-national product roll-out: the most commercially viable start-ups can launch their products in Ecobank's 33 markets across Africa.
* Service provider partner deals: start-ups with deep capabilities to become pan-African service partners within Ecobank's ecosystem.
* Mentoring and networking support: founders will be conferred as Ecobank Innovation Fellows for a year, which grants them access to networking and mentoring from Ecobank's vast global network of technology leaders, fintech experts, investors and management coaches.
Ade Ayeyemi, group CEO of Ecobank Transnational Incorporated, comments: “We, at Ecobank, believe that the current winds of change led by technology and innovation will redefine how banks do business, and indeed the relationships people have with their money. We want to be at the forefront of this change, in partnership with Africa's rising start-ups, and that is why we created the Ecobank Fintech Challenge.”
Eddy Ogbogu, Ecobank group executive for operations and technology, says: “The maiden 2017 edition of the Challenge proved that Africa has an impressive army of highly capable fintech start-ups. Ecobank is looking forward to another successful competition.”
Applications for the competition will close on 20 May, 2018.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
April 28 Tan Chong International Ltd :
* Co and TCMS updated programme to allow either co or TCMS to issue notes in series of aggregate principal amount of up to s$500 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Binghamton University is set to host a “respect rave” for “body positivity” on Monday.
Binghamton University in New York is set to host an event on Monday that aims to celebrate “body positivity” for students struggling with body image issues. The event, a “respect rave,” will invite students to celebrate the diversity of their body sizes by dancing into the night with the peers.
Sarah Thompson, a lecturer of health and wellness at Binghamton, said, “Dance is a way of pulling people in and feeling their bodies and respecting what their bodies can do and [understanding] how it feels to be well in the body. Moving our bodies and feeling our bodies and not worrying about what we look like when we move, but rather experiencing the joy it brings, makes us more connected to our bodies.”
“While being healthy, the party is also meant to be interactive and engaging,” Thompson said. “We want people to come in, participate and dance.”
While the Binghamton University event seems relatively tame, the “fat acceptance” movement has seen significant growth over the past several years, finding a comfortable home on college campuses. On March 1, “fat sex therapist” Sonalee Rashatwar gave a lecture about “fat acceptance” at the University of Vermont. She told students to “throw [their] scales in the trash.”
Earlier this month, a guest speaker at Johns Hopkins University argued that humans can be healthy at any body weight.
At the beginning of the month, Danish comedian Sofie Hagen accused a cancer research organization of “fat-shaming” after they published an advertisement that highlighted the link between obesity and cancer.
The academic journal, Fat Studies, dedicates its pages to the promotion of the perspective that the overweight people are oppressed in the Western world. In November, Breitbart News reported on a Fat Studies article that argued that overweight females have a hard time in school because they can't fit comfortably in small classroom furniture.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
"In 2016, first fifth-generation J-20 fighter jets were transferred to the People's Liberation Army Air Force," he said. "This is currently the riskiest and the most technically complex project for the Chinese industry as is evidenced by America's experience in testing and phasing in fifth-generation fighter jets."
The Chengdu J-20 is a stealth, twinjet, fifth-generation fighter aircraft developed by China's Chengdu Aerospace Corporation for the People's Liberation Army Air Force. It has been in service since 2016.
The analyst added that it is hard to say when some of the J-20 aircraft will become combat ready, but added that the J-20 program appears to be proceeding as planned.
"Combat units of the People's Liberation Army Air Force are likely to adopt the J-20 faster than the fighting units of the Russian Airspace Forces. At the same time one must understand that 4++ generation fighter aircraft will form the backbone of China's and Russia's offensive airpower for many years to come," he said.
Kashin mentioned that the J-31 was considered to be a less risky project than the J-20, but its development slowed down in 2016. In the meantime, China continued to mass-produce the Chengdu J-10, a lightweight multirole fighter aircraft, and conducted successful tests of the Shenyang J-11D jet fighter. The analyst referred to the latter as the best Chinese aircraft built on the Su-27 platform, adding that the plane is close to entering mass production.
"Military transport aviation received two new types of planes, the large [Xian] Y-20 transport aircraft and the medium-sized [Shaanxi] Y-9. The fact that China produced its first heavy airlifter is a very significant breakthrough for the country. China has become the third country in the world (along with Russia and the United States) capable of producing this type of planes," the analyst explained.
In 2016, China continued to mass-produce the Type 052D guided missile destroyers. The country is expected to have at least 14 Type 052D destroyers in its arsenal. Beijing was also working on two aircraft carriers in addition to the one already in service with the People's Liberation Army Navy. One of the two indigenous aircraft carriers is expected to be commissioned "in the near future," the analyst said.
© Wikipedia/ U.S. Air Force Staff Sgt. D. Myles Cullen Accept No Substitute: Chinese J-11D Fighter No Match for Russian Su-35
Last year China continued to develop its strategic armaments. Beijing conducted tests of intercontinental ballistic missiles, including the next generation solid-fueled Dongfeng-41 (DF-41) missile. Chinese engineers were also working on modifying the Dongfeng-31 (DF-31) and upgrading the Dongfeng-5 (DF-5). In 2016, first pictures of the Project 09-IVА nuclear-powered ballistic missile submarine surfaced.
In 2016, the People's Liberation Army Ground Force (PLAGF) received new air defense systems, reconnaissance and control assets, as well as new types of all-terrain vehicles, armored vehicles and artillery equipment. However, the PLAGF still has a significant amount of obsolete weapons, the analyst noted.
"Upgrading the technical base of the Armed Forces, particularly, PLAN and PLAAF, will become a major part of the efforts aimed at reforming the Chinese military in 2017," Kashin said.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
As the May Gray drizzle continues to keep us in a near-stupor, how about an extra-extra jolt of caffeine?
Death Wish Coffee is coming to a Walmart near you. The brand isn't joking around either. The company says it grinds robusta and arabica beans to make a potent brew with 200 percent more caffeine than your typical cup of joe.
200 percent more caffeine. Let that percolate for a second.
An 8-ounce cup of coffee has about 128 milligrams of caffeine or 16 mg per ounce. A Monster energy drink runs around 86 mg. Starbucks venti (20 ounces): 475 mg. And Death Wish? The company claims its coffee has 59 mg of caffeine per fluid ounce. So, a 20-ounce cup would drop a whopping 1,180 mg into your gut.
The company, based in Round Lake, New York, saw its profile rise after it aired a commercial during the Super Bowl in 2016. It's now moving in on California's coffee craze. While Death Wish Coffee comes in traditional beans or ground form, the company has partnered with Walmart to sell its K-cups in a box of 18 for $17.97.
The “death cups” land in 1,627 Walmarts nationwide on Saturday, June 9.
Don't say we didn't warn you.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SEATTLE - Renewed efforts are underway to remove a controversial Confederate memorial at Capitol Hill's Lake View Cemetery.
The NW Museum of Legends and Lore has been requesting the memorial's removal for the last two years, but a new unlikely voice has reinvigorated their efforts.
The former United Daughters of the Confederacy president told Q13 News she realizes "history is important, but so is the future."
"My interest in seeing the monument moved is to protect its history and also to remove an eyesore from King County," Heidi Christensen said.
Christensen is expected to talk to the Seattle City Council on Monday about where the memorial should be placed. She says she hopes it will be moved to the private Sons of Confederacy Camp in Portland, Oregon, where it is more appropriate.
The Confederate memorial is on private land, but supporters of its removal want the council to acknowledge the monument is in a publicly visible location and therefore should fall under current ordinances to remove offensive markings visible to the public.
Over the past two years, the monument has been at the center of controversy and has been defaced and vandalized.
Last year, former Mayor Ed Murray called for the 92-year-old memorial to be removed from the 15th Ave E cemetery alongside the Lenin statue in Fremont.
“We can't tell the private property owner what to do,” Murray said. “But we can say we think this isn't a good message to the city.”
"I don't talk about the court case at all, but what I will say is that life throws challenges at you and that was a big challenge, one of the biggest," Roache, now 86, says when asked about the charges.
"What I learned from that is that if a challenge comes your way, you take it, you accept it, you embrace it, then stand on your truth, be positive and optimistic. Then you come out wiser and stronger than before it happened. That's really all I've got to say on that."
Life returned to normal on "the street." Ken Barlow arrived back in Westfield from Canada to discover that his alcoholic son Peter had been charged with murder.
Barlow's third wife, Deirdre, died tragically (as did Anne Kirkbride, the actress who played her part for 41 years).
Barlow then escaped death when he was pushed down a flight of stairs by an unknown assailant who turned out to be another one of his sons, Daniel.
And Barlow's daughter, Tracy, continued to display the sort of personality traits that distinguishes her as the most disliked character in the show, except, perhaps, for neighbour Pat Phelan who turns out to be a serial killer.
For sure, Roache has seen a lot of changes on the set of the street over the last 58 years. He considers Coronation Street, created by the late Tony Warren, a landmark in television history.
"When we first started in 1960, we weren't a soap, we were part of the new realism sweeping through the theatre and the cinema with James Dean, Marlon Brando and John Osborne's "Look Back in Anger," Roache says. "We were realism on television and we went straight to the top with that."
The show's secret to longevity has been its ability to change with the times, tackling the leading social issues of the day — race, sexism, gender identity, homosexuality, mental health and suicide.
"It's organic," Roache says. "As life changes, the street changes. You'll always hear older people saying things like 'I don't like the street anymore, it's not what it was.' That's good. If they're not saying that then we're not bringing in the younger people. It's a producer's problem. Sometimes they lurch a bit too far or sometimes they don't move far enough. If we were as we were in the '60s, we'd be long dead."
For his part, Roache plans on staying with the show as long as it will have him. Back when he was in his 40s, he thought briefly about leaving the show for a career in film. He decided to stay, however, when he realized that sometimes the scripts the Coronation Street writing team — there are 14 of them — came up with were as good as any in film or theatre.
"I will continue for as long as I am able and as long as they want me," he says. "And I intend living for a long time. I'd like to be the first centenarian to be working in a soap."
The Ken Barlow Effect
What: Television actor William Roache of Coronation Street in conversation
When: Sunday, June 3, 7:30 p.m.
Where: The Studio at Hamilton Place
Tickets: $49.95, plus fees, through Ticketmaster or at the FirstOntario Centre box office.
grockingham@thespec.com
905-526-3331 | @RockatTheSpec
Chief selector MSK Prasad on Monday said the core of the Indian cricket team for the 2019 World Cup will be identified in the next four to five months through a rotation policy and they have a plan for MS Dhoni too.
Pacers Mohammed Shami and Umesh Yadav along with leading spinners Ravichandran Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja were rested for the upcoming series against Sri Lanka and rotation was precisely the reason for the move.
Reflecting on the selection for the limited overs matches that follow the Test series against Sri Lanka, Prasad said, "We have identified some set of players who will be considered for the next 4-5 months and we will rotate them. After those 4-5 months we will come to a picture that these are certain players who will go on to play the 2019 World Cup."
"We have initiated this process of rotating and resting our main players, so we will see how some of these youngsters do over the next few months or so, and then we will take a call by the end of the year," said Prasad after India completed their first-ever series whitewash overseas.
Prasad also announced that opener KL Rahul will bat at number four in the upcoming ODI series.
"We have 22 to 24-25 players in mind. We will be rotating them and we will see how they progress. After a certain period of time, we will keep on shortlisting so that we can focus on them at least eight months to one year leading up to the World Cup," Prasad explained.
"We are going to try out KL Rahul at No 4 in this series. He is too good a player to sit out. Because Shikhar and Rohit are in very good form, that's what we saw in the Champions Trophy, we will start with KL in that particular order. These are different permutations and combinations we will keep trying till the end of this year and it will boil down to one particular pattern and then we will continue with that," he added.
Prasad also made no bones about the fact that Indian players need to improve their fitness standards, failing which they won't be considered for selection. The chief selector laid down the marker for 2019, outlining a new selection policy based on fitness.
"If I put my hand on my heart and say after the Champions Trophy, we felt that we need to be a fitter and a stronger side, we felt that we need to raise our fitness levels. We are trying to fix some fitness parameters and whoever it is has to strictly adhere to those parameters.
"We have two to three phases in those parameters leading up to the 2019 World Cup and if someone fails to match to those parameters, he will not be considered irrespective of whoever it is," said Prasad. "In skill-level, we are number one in the world, but when it comes to fitness, we need to raise our standards. The players sat with the selectors and fixed certain parameters as benchmark. This is the fitness parameter, this is the body texture, etc.
"You will get an official release on that because it is the BCCI who has to give. But we have fixed those parameters. They have to match them. Today the entire world has got those standards. Even Pakistan has got certain parameters. Though we are slow, I am sure we will definitely catch up," he added.
The focus is also on senior players like Dhoni and Yuvraj Singh, both on the wrong side of 35 at present. Prasad outlined that they, including Suresh Raina, are still very much in contention.
When asked about Rishabh Pant's exclusion, Prasad replied, "He is one talent to watch out for the future. We have been grooming him for A-tours. He went to South Africa on the A-tour but had a pretty ordinary tour. But that doesn't mean he is not in our radar. There is one more tour coming up.
"We all know Rishabh Pant more as a Twenty20 player, so we will look at him in that format also. From the beginning we have been saying, see for instance Hardik Pandya, we picked him because he was a Twenty20 specialist, the more T20s and ODIs, he started playing, the more he has progressed to the Test format also. Similarly whoever is comfortable in one particular format, we will bring them into that format, nurture them, and see that they go onto play the other formats," he explained.
Meanwhile, espncricinfo quoted Prasad saying that the selectors have a "plan" for MS Dhoni with respect to the 2019 World Cup and he is not an automatic selection in ODIs any longer.
When the chief selector was asked only a day after India left out Yuvraj Singh from the squad for Sri Lanka limited overs series if Dhoni was a natural pick, Prasad elaborated, "Whenever a player keeps ageing...I was just reading (Andre) Agassi's book, Open, his life actually started after 30 years. Till then he won two or three. His actual life started after that. He lived with media pressure, 'When are you going to retire?' But he played till 36 and he won so many Grand Slams. So you never know. We don't say it is an automatic this thing… but we will see. We are all stakeholders. We all want the Indian team to do well. If he is delivering, why not? If he is not, we will have to look at alternatives."
When asked whether there's been any discussion about Dhoni, the chairman of selectors replied: "Discussions happen about everybody. It is not just MS. When we pick, when we talk about combinations, we talk about everybody. You will also see in time to come."
Prasad added that they have a plan for Dhoni with regards to the 2019 World Cup. "We will see, we will see. The legend that he is, we don't want to make it… but yes we have a plan."
With PTI inputs
Stay updated on the go with Sify Live Scores App. Click here to download it for your device
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Today Moss Point High School parents got some insight into what goes on inside the classroom
Desirae Duncan was there and has the story on how a new parent council is working to spur achievement.
A RUGBY star at a Colwyn Bay school helped a North West county side claim derby day bragging rights last weekend.
Kieron McNamara, an Upper Sixth Form pupil at Rydal Penrhos, was part of the Lancashire U18 team that overcame Yorkshire 15-5 in their highly anticipated Roses clash at Bishops Burton College in Hull.
The front row prospect turned in another impressive performance which played a contributing factor in Lancs' success, and this result comes on the back of their recent 41-10 triumph over Cumbria.
McNamara, who joined the school last year, has represented Broughton Park and starred for Rydal Penrhos in their Cheshire Plate victory and on their successful tour of Portugal.
He has also been taking part in sessions with the Irish Exiles programme while also aiding younger hopefuls at the school during Saturday training sessions.
Director of Sport Allen Boyd, said: “This was another fantastic result for Kieron and Lancashire, and it is never easy getting a positive result at a strong Yorkshire side, but they managed to accomplish this in superb fashion.
“His development has progressed a significant amount since he joined Rydal Penrhos as a Lower Sixth pupil, and his attitude and leadership abilities have seen him emerge as one of the most prominent role models for our younger pupils within the school.
“Hopefully this experience will be another confidence for him and he is sure to have a fine career in the game if he continues to apply himself.”
CHARLESTON, S.C. — The same jury that last month unanimously found Dylann Roof guilty in the slayings of nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church is returning to court to begin contemplating his punishment.
With the 22-year-old representing himself, the process is sure to be unconventional. But even if Roof is sentenced to death, it's highly unlikely he'd be executed anytime soon.
While prosecutors plan to call up to 38 people related to the nine people killed and three who survived the June 2015 slaughter during Bible study at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, Roof said last week he plans on calling no witnesses and presenting no evidence.
Roof was found guilty last month on 33 federal charges, including hate crimes and obstruction of the practice of religion. A jury took less than three hours to return its verdict, and a judge dismissed the jury for a break over the holidays.
Typically in what's known as the sentencing phase, defence attorneys call relatives and other witnesses to testify about their client's unsteady state of mind before and during the crimes. Given that background, the defence hopes, a jury might be more likely to spare the defendant's life and opt against the death penalty.
But Roof, who is acting as his own attorney, has said he plans to do no such thing.
In his journal, which was read in court during his trial, Roof said his doesn't believe in psychology, which he called “a Jewish invention” that “does nothing but invent diseases and tell people they have problems when they don't.”
Roof also seems to be determined to try to keep evidence embarrassing to him or his family out. Not only did he take over his own defence, but he asked the judge at a hearing Wednesday if he could file a motion limiting what prosecutors can introduce.
Roof also was adamant that a transcript of a hearing where he was found mentally competent not be released to the public.
“I know this is not a legal argument, but the unsealing of the competency hearing defeats the purpose of me representing myself,” Roof said at last week's hearing.
Neither Roof, nor U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel nor prosecutors have given specifics on the evidence Roof is objecting to.
On Thursday, Gergel ordered another competency evaluation of Roof “in an abundance of caution,” after his standby counsel filed a sealed motion again questioning Roof's mental ability to proceed. The judge's order specified he saw no reason to delay Tuesday's start of the penalty phase.
On Monday, over the objection of an attorney representing media outlets including The Associated Press, Gergel ordered the competency hearing to be closed to the public. Saying he'd have to sequester jurors if he opened up the proceedings, the judge promised to release a transcript after Roof is sentenced.
“This is an incredibly sensitive moment in this proceeding,” Gergel said. “We are putting in the hands of 12 people the life and death of a person.”
Roof's lawyers tried repeatedly both to stop him from being his own lawyer and to work mental health-related evidence into the first phase of his trial, saying they feared Roof fired them because he feared the attorneys would present evidence that would embarrass him when trying to save his life.
Prosecutors objected at every turn, and Gergel wouldn't allow any of it into court, ruling mitigation evidence is allowable during sentencing and not before.
Court papers show prosecutors are expected to present evidence showing that Roof picked his victims because of their race, killed them to incite more violence, showed no remorse and killed three particularly vulnerable people who were 70 years old or older.
Evidence speaking to Roof's mental state, one expert argues, could make the difference between life and death.
“The Dylann Roof case is a classic example of the type of problem you can have when an obviously mentally ill or emotionally disturbed defendant is permitted to represent himself,” said Robert Dunham, executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center. “There's a huge difference in the eyes of a jury between someone they perceive as evil or despicable and someone they perceive as being seriously mentally ill. ... If you take mental health out of it, you are putting a thumb on the scale of death.”
Both the judge's decision to allow Roof to represent himself and waive the introduction of mental health evidence are sure to be raised in an inevitable appeal, Dunham argued.
Roof also faces nine murder charges in state court, where prosecutors have also said they will seek the death penalty in a trial likely to begin sometime next year.
Whether he's sentenced to death or not, it's unlikely Roof would be executed anytime soon, in either jurisdiction. The federal government hasn't executed anyone since 2003, and there are years of appeals between a death sentence being levied and carried out.
South Carolina's death chamber hasn't been used since 2011, due at least in part to a lack of availability for the drugs the state uses for lethal injection.
Associated Press writer Jeffrey Collins contributed to this report.
For more than 80 years, the Wiiliamsburg Inn in Virginia has taken guests back in time.
A short walk from the historic Colonial Village, this elegant Regency-style hotel is decorated with fine antiques and artwork—but offers guests soaking tubs and other modern amenities.
All that focus on luxury and guest comfort has earned the Williamsburg Inn AAA's Five Diamond rating, one of only eight new properties added to the exclusive list of hotels and restaurants this year, the travel company announced Wednesday.
AAA inspectors visit 1,200 hotels and restaurants weekly in the United States, Canada, Mexico and the Caribbean, and a tiny 0.3 percent of the nearly 59,000 properties inspected annually earn the Five Diamond rating.
The newest eight members join an exclusive AAA/CAA Five Diamond club of just 121 hotels and 63 restaurants.
“As more lower-tier properties add upgraded amenities for comfort and convenience, Five Diamond hotels continue to stand apart by providing the ultimate luxury experience anchored by an impeccable level of service,” said Michael Petrone, director, AAA Inspections & Diamond Ratings.
The new AAA Five Diamond hotels just provide “ultimate luxury, sophistication and comfort with extraordinary physical attributes, meticulous personalized service, extensive amenities and impeccable standards of excellence.”
The Williamsburg Inn and The Ritz-Carlton, Dallas are the only Five Diamond properties in their respective cities.
Although the Five Diamond restaurant ratings have traditionally been announced along with the hotel ratings, this year's winners are being announced on February 21.
The newest AAA Five Diamond hotels
Four Seasons Hotel New York Downtown — New York City
The Langham, New York, Fifth Avenue — New York City
The Ritz-Carlton, Dallas — Dallas, Texas
Williamsburg Inn Williamsburg, Virginia
Esperanza An Auberge Resort — Cabo San Lucas, Mexico
Grand Luxxe Riviera Maya — Playa del Carmen, Mexico
Grand Velas Los Cabos — San Jose Del Cabo, Mexico
Kimpton Seafire Resort + Spa — Seven Mile Beach, Cayman Islands
Egyptian priests react during the funeral of victims of the Palm Sunday bombings at St.Mina Coptic Orthodox Monastery 'Deir Mar Mina' in Alexandria, Egypt April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
An armed policeman secures the Coptic church that was bombed on Sunday in Tanta, Egypt April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Women pass by the Coptic church that was bombed on Sunday in Tanta, Egypt, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
People watch as the coffins of victims arrive to the Coptic church that was bombed on Sunday, in Tanta, Egypt, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Relatives mourn the victims of the Palm Sunday bombings during the funeral at the Monastery of Saint Mina 'Deir Mar Mina' in Alexandria, Egypt April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
Relatives mourn the victims of the Palm Sunday bombings during the funeral at the Monastery of Saint Mina 'Deir Mar Mina' in Alexandria, Egypt April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
Relatives mourn for the victims of the Palm Sunday bombings during their funeral at the Monastery of Saint Mina 'Deir Mar Mina' in Alexandria, Egypt April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
Relatives react as they mourn for the victims of the Palm Sunday bombings during their funeral at the Monastery of Saint Mina 'Deir Mar Mina' in Alexandria, Egypt April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
Mourners attend the funeral of the victims of the Palm Sunday bombings at Monastery of Saint Mina 'Deir Mar Mina' in Alexandria, Egypt April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
Egyptian Muslim women react alongside relatives of one of the victims of the Palm Sunday bombings, during their funeral at the Monastery of Saint Mina 'Deir Mar Mina' in Alexandria, Egypt April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
Egyptians attend the funeral of the victims of the Palm Sunday bombings at Monastery of Saint Mina 'Deir Mar Mina' in Alexandria, Egypt April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
Relatives mourn the victims of the Palm Sunday bombings during the funeral at the Monastery of Saint Mina 'Deir Mar Mina' in Alexandria, Egypt April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
Mourners undergo a security check before attending the funeral of the victims of Palm Sunday bombings, at the Monastery of Saint Mina 'Deir Mar Mina' in Alexandria, Egypt April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
Relatives mourn the victims of the Palm Sunday bombings during the funeral at the Monastery of Saint Mina 'Deir Mar Mina' in Alexandria, Egypt April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
Egyptians attend the funerals of victims of the Palm Sunday bombings at St.Mina Coptic Orthodox Monastery 'Deir Mar Mina' in Alexandria, Egypt April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
Relatives of victims react next to coffins arriving to the Coptic church that was bombed on Sunday in Tanta, Egypt, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Egyptian priests react during the funeral of victims of the Palm Sunday bombings, at St. Mina Coptic Orthodox Monastery 'Deir Mar Mina' in Alexandria, Egypt April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
ALEXANDRIA/TANTA, Egypt Families of victims of Sunday's bombing at Alexandria's Coptic cathedral gathered at the Monastery of Saint Mina under heavy security on Monday as Egypt's cabinet approved a three-month state of emergency ahead of a scheduled trip by Pope Francis.
Hundreds of mourners, many outraged by what they said was the state's failure to keep them safe on one of their holiest days, carried wooden coffins to the beat of drums interrupted by the wails of those dressed in all black.
"Where should we go pray? They are attacking us in our churches. They don't want us to pray but we will pray," said Samira Adly, 53, whose neighbours were killed in the attack.
"Everyone is falling short...the government, the people... nothing is good."
The blast in Egypt's second largest city, which killed 17 including 7 police officers, came hours after a bomb struck a Coptic church in Tanta, a nearby city in the Nile Delta, that took the lives of 28 and wounded nearly 80.
The twin attacks marked one of the bloodiest days in recent memory for Egypt's Christian minority, the largest in the Middle East.
Both attacks were claimed by the Islamic State, which has waged a campaign against Egypt's Christian minority. The Copts, whose presence in Egypt dates to the Roman era, have long complained of religious persecution and accused the state of not doing enough to protect them.
Coming on Palm Sunday, when Christians mark the arrival of Jesus in Jerusalem, the bombings appeared designed to spread fear among the Coptic minority.
"We shouldn't stay quiet at all...it is a security failure..how did the bomb enter when there's security outside the church? They're saying now the metal detector wasn't working," Beshoy Asham, a cousin of a Tanta victim told Reuters.
The attacks also raised security fears ahead of a visit to Cairo by Roman Catholic Pope Francis planned for April 28-29 intended to promote interfaith dialogue between Muslims and Christians.
Coptic Pope Tawadros, who was leading the mass in Alexandria's Saint Mark's Cathedral when the bomb exploded, was not harmed, the Interior Ministry said.
The nationwide state of emergency declared by President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi and agreed by the cabinet on Monday is expected to be approved by parliament within seven days in order to remain in place.
"The armed forces and police will do what is necessary to confront the threats of terrorism and its financing," the cabinet said in a statement. Measures would be taken to "maintain security across the country, protect public and private property and the lives of citizens," it said.
But anger at the state's failure to secure the religious holiday appeared to be on the rise.
Youth gathered at the Alexandria funeral shouted chants rarely heard in a country where protesting has effectively been outlawed and rights activists say they face the worst crackdown in their history.
"Down with any president as long as Egyptian blood is cheap," and "down with military rule!" they yelled.
SOFTER CHRISTIAN TARGET
In Tanta, where many families buried their dead on Sunday, members of the Coptic community expressed anger at the lack of security, saying that despite warnings of an attack, police had not stepped up efforts to protect them.
A senior police official told Reuters a bomb was discovered and disabled near the Tanta church about a week ago.
"That should have been an alarm or a warning that this place is targeted," said 38-year-old Amira Maher. "Especially Palm Sunday, a day when many people gather, more than any other time in the year."
At Tanta University hospital morgue, desperate families were trying to get inside to search for loved ones. Security forces held them back to stop overcrowding, enraging the crowd.
"Why are you preventing us from entering now? Where were you when all this happened?" shouted one woman looking for a relative. Some appeared in total shock, their faces pale and unmoving. Others wept openly as women wailed in mourning.
Though Islamic State has long waged a low-level war against soldiers and police in Egypt's Sinai peninsula for years, It's stepped up assault on Christians in the mainland could turn a provincial insurgency into wider sectarian conflict.
On Sunday, the group warned of more attacks and boasted it had killed 80 people in three church bombings since December.
"They want to use Islam to tear us apart. We are brothers and sisters and religion for God is Islam, but Christians are our brothers and sisters," said Nematalla from Cairo.
A Muslim pedestrian in Cairo wept over the church victims.
"These people are Egyptian....These people are our brothers and sisters and we love them," said Mohamed Zeinhom.
Security analysts said it appeared that Islamic State, under pressure in Iraq and Syria, was trying to widen its threat and had identified Christian communities as an easier target.
"ISIS are deeply sectarian, that's nothing new, but they have decided to re-emphasize that aspect in Egypt over the past few months," said H.A. Hellyer, senior non-resident fellow at the Atlantic Council and the Royal United Services Institute.
"Christian targets are easier -- churches are far more difficult to fortify than say an army barracks or a police station. It's a disturbing development because it indicates we have the possibility of repeated and continued attacks against soft targets."
(additional reporting by Osama Naguib and Mostafa Salem; writing by Asma Alsharif; editing by Luke Baker, Sonya Hepinstall, Anna Willard)
A SMORGASBOARD of delicious events is on offer across Melbourne's east during the Melbourne Food and Wine Festival, with a firm focus on local produce.
From family-friendly food fairs in Ringwood and Dandenong, to intimate gatherings in the Hills and beyond, there's something for everyone in week two of the annual foodie fest.
7 FOOD FEST EVENTS TO TRY IN MELBOURNE'S NORTH
BEST OF WEST AT FOOD FEST
WHAT'S ON FOOD FEST MENU IN MELBOURNE'S SOUTH?
MFWF 18: YOUR COMPLETE GUIDE
Take a look at our top MFWF18 picks in Melbourne's east this week:
APERITIVO VELOCE – MALVERN
Socialise like the Italians by getting to know the daily ritual of aperitivo, transported from Milan to Malvern. Watch the sun set from the rooftop bar while enjoying a negroni, spritz or peroni, Italian treats and DJ tunes. If simply watching the world go by isn't your thing, check out the display of some of Melbourne's most exotic cars.
Where: Sagra, Malvern; Thursday, March 22, 6.30pm-midnight; Tickets $103.
Camera Icon Grab a cocktail at the Italian-inspired fiesta at the Sagra rooftop bar. Picture: Supplied
A TRIBUTE TO MY FATHER - GEMBROOK
The visual and culinary arts will meet at this seven-course dinner celebrating the life and work of chef Mauro Callegari's father, Jose Callegari. View the latest works of the artist, known for his portrayals of Argentinian social issues. You'll also be able to meet local winemaker Jayden Ong at this unique event.
Where: The Independent Gembrook; Thursday, March 22, 6pm; Tickets $64.
THE BRIDGE HOTEL CELLAR DOOR EXPERIENCE - RICHMOND
The Bridge Hotel's iconic laneway will become a vineyard cellar door, with barrel tastings and wine from Scotts Family Wines and food stations stocked with delicious local produce (think cheeses, antipasto, a wood-fired spit and a dessert station). All set to the sounds of local acoustic talent.
Where: The Bridge Hotel, Richmond; Saturday, March 24, 12-4pm. Tickets $63-$79.
Camera Icon Head brewer Michael Stanzel at Burnley Brewing. Picture: News Corp Australia, Nicole Cleary
BURNLEY BREWING CREATES A UNIQUE BEER FOR BURNLEY
This is democracy, brewery style. Guests will become collaborative brewers, learning about various ingredients and then voting on which ones will go into the beer they are created together. And best of all, you'll get two pints of your new brew after it's made.
Where: Burnley Brewing; Saturday, March 24, 1pm. Tickets $55.
HARVEAST - RINGWOOD
Sample the best flavours of Melbourne's east at this showcase of more than 60 local food and wine producers at Eastland shopping centre. Highlights will include a market, tasting laneway, beer garden, family-friendly entertainment, food and wine masterclasses, and a food and wine Q&A with Shane Delia, David Moyle and Richard Cornish. Kids can take part in the Huxtaburger Junior Burger masterclass.
Where: HarvEast, Eastland, Ringwood; Sunday, March 25, 10am-8pm. FREE, no bookings required.
Camera Icon Hayden, Carlee and Riley tuck into burgers at Huxtaburger ahead of HarvEast in Ringwood. Picture: News Corp Australia, Valeriu Campan
DANDENONG WORLD FARE
Billed as Melbourne's largest celebration of world street food, more than 50 food trucks and stalls will showcase global dishes at Dandenong Market. You'll be able to indulge in some of Melbourne's best multicultural cuisine, and soak up live world music and dance performances.
Where: Dandenong World Fare, Dandenong Market; Sunday, March 25, 10am-4pm. FREE, no bookings required.
Camera Icon Dandenong World Fare is among this year's family-friendly Melbourne Food and Wine Festival events. Picture: Supplied
SECRET OF THE FARM GATE - OLINDA
Get a behind-the-scenes look at working kitchen gardens at iconic Dandenongs desination Coonara Springs. You'll get a hands-on tour to learn how foods such as jams, bread, sausages and salami areproduced and harvested, and a chef-led demonstration of how to smoke your own produce. Top it off with a harvest lunch in the gardens, showcasing the farm's produce.
Where: Coonara Springs Restaurant, Olinda; Sunday, March 25, 12pm. Tickets $143.
TAKE FIVE – WARRANDYTE SOUTH
Five's the name of the game at this feast - five courses, five chefs, five producers and five winemakers. It's a celebration of the local food and wine community, with each course designed by a different chef from the Public Group alongside a producer and a winemaker. Talk about collaboration!
Where: Rob Dolan + The Farm Yarra Valley, Warrandyte South; Sunday, March 25, 1pm. Tickets $153.
The US has released its nuclear posture review which paves way for the modernization and expansion of US nuclear capabilities. US officials argued that expansion of low-yield nuclear capabilities would allow the US to deter Russia from using nuclear weapons. Radio Sputnik talked to David Schultz, political science professor at Hamline University.
David Schultz: What I find controversial about it was the sentence that we are moving into a different era now where it's talking about what's called low-yield nuclear bombs. Now that's a misnomer, low-yield is still as powerful as the bombs that were released on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, which means they can still do a lot of destruction. But what this policy said now is that we are going to arm both our submarines, in terms of providing cruise missiles with nuclear weapons and also we are going to put them in places where we make it possible to make them more mobile.
READ MORE: New US Nuclear Posture Review Spurs Outrage Among Atomic Bomb Victims in Japan
What I see it does is a couple of things. It opens up the prospect to say that maybe we are willing to consider limited low-yield nuclear war as a defense strategy. And then two it starts to move us into a situation of taking us back to the old cold-war nuclear escalation strategies.
Sputnik: Why is Russia being named as a target when all this nuclear saber-rattling has been going on between North Korea and the US?
David Schultz: I think [historically] to say that the United States and the Russian Federation need to recognize each other's legitimate security interest and security needs. I think it's important. The second is both countries need to assess each country's overall defense strategies. So what I mean by that is that the worst part of the cold war era, taking us back 50's, 60's and 70's, was to say that each country had to have superiority in each form of weapon. And it just created this overall race and every kind of nuclear weapon as opposed to say, how we again, recognize legitimate needs in terms of their countries.
Second I think you are correct that it ignores the fact that, perhaps right now, the more destabilizing force in the world might be the North Korea and it's not necessarily that the Russian and the United States because they both have a big nuclear weapon have lots of incentives not to do anything. But the part that I think is scary here is when people start using phrases like low-yield nukes; it makes it sound like: well it's okay to do limited nuclear wars and limited nuclear wars are still nuclear wars and they are still not good.
READ MORE: Trump's Nuclear Posture Review: From US Nuke Capabilities to Nuclear Terrorism
Sputnik: Do you think there are any other reasons behind this particular nuclear posture? Are there perhaps financial reasons?
David Schultz: I would say this reflects the re-militarization or the militarization of Trump's foreign policy. I think Donald Trump has a “us versus them” policy. It's a belief that the United States continues to maintain not just nuclear strength, but surpass nuclear superiority across the world. I think there are some economic reasons in terms of military industrial complex. But I think they are on a broader sort of unilateral, nationalistic policy behind Trump administration's decision to do this.
Sputnik: Do you think due to this we can expect a new arms race, if so who will be involved in it?
David Schultz: I definitely think we will see a new arms race as a result because, to use an English expression, this is a tit for tat. We are claiming that Russia has low-level nukes whether it's true or not, I don't know. We are claiming we need more. That is going to force the Russians to have to escalate. It is going to then say the Chinese are going to be concerned because some of these missiles might be deployed in the Asian theater and this might now mean that North Korea feels threatened and feel the need to develop more. So it will create an arms race that might not just be Russia versus the United States, which has been our classic model for the cold war. It was a bi-polar world. Now in a multi-polar world we might see multiple countries involved with nuclear arms race and the more players that are involved, more complex it is.
The views and opinions expressed by David Schultz are those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
Gov. Jerry Brown signed a pair of new laws Thursday designed to protect illegal alien tenants from being threatened with deportation by making it illegal for landlords to report a tenant's immigration status to Immigrations Customs Enforcement (ICE).
The bills were part of a package of laws pushed by the Democrat majority and signed by Brown ostensibly to protect illegal aliens from any increased enforcement measures under theTrump administration.
advertisement
According to the Los Angeles Times,
One proposal by Assemblyman David Chiu (D-San Francisco) would bar landlords from disclosing information about immigration status in order to intimidate, harass or evict tenants without following proper procedures. It also would allow immigrant tenants to file civil claims against their landlords if they do. Another bill by Assembly Majority Leader Ian Calderon (D-Whittier) would ensure that no state office or entity in California could compel a landlord to obtain and disclose information on a tenant's immigration status.
The rationale behind the latest package of bills protecting illegal aliens, according to the Sacramento Bee, is fear of enforcement by ICE under President Trump, and fear that unscrupulous landlords might use a tenant's illegal status to harass, intimidate or abuse them.
Chiu argues that tenants should not have to “live in fear” because they're immigrants or refugees. He cited the legal uncertainty over young immigrants who were brought to the country illegally but have been educated here and hold down jobs as one of several reasons for the legislation. “Trump's escalating war on immigrants is ripping apart families and mass deportations could be our new reality,” Chiu said recently. “This bill will deter the small minority of landlords who unscrupulously take advantage of the real or perceived immigration status of their tenants to engage in abusive acts.”
With the package of bills signed into law Thursday—including SB54 making California a “Sanctuary State” for criminal aliens—California Democrats have kept their word to put the interests of illegal aliens first, ahead of legal, law-abiding California citizens.
Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman and Author, currently on a book tour for his new book: Patriot Not Politician: Win or Go Homeless. He also ran for governor in 2014.
FaceBook: https://www.facebook.com/tim.donnelly.12/
Twitter: @PatriotNotPol
Last week, when #firingFriday was trending on Twitter and White House aides had to be reassured by the chief of staff that no changes were imminent, President Donald Trump embraced the uncertainty in public statements.
His willingness to say “you're fired” to so many people, so early in his administration, is just another way Trump is unlike those who have come before him.
No elected first-term president in the past 100 years has had this much Cabinet turnover this early in his presidency. And going back to Ronald Reagan, the churn in top-level staff in the Trump White House is off the charts.
“There will always be change, and I think you want to see change,” Trump said Thursday, not quite tamping down the latest rumors of possible Cabinet departures. “And I want to also see different ideas.”
In just under 14 months on the job, Trump has had more Cabinet turnover than 14 of his predecessors had in their first two years. Trump has already tied Presidents Ford and Harding, with three departures each. Ronald Reagan had four Cabinet departures and they all came well into his second year in office.
The three Cabinet members Trump has already replaced are Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price, who was pushed out after controversy over flying in charter aircraft; Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, who became chief of staff over the summer; and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson who was fired by tweet recently over policy and personality clashes.
Several other members of the Cabinet are either clouded in controversy over possible misuse of public funds or otherwise earning the ire of President Trump. Other presidents with early Cabinet turnover saw departures for entirely different reasons.
Herbert Hoover's first war secretary, James Good, died suddenly 258 days into his tenure. Franklin D. Roosevelt's first treasury secretary, William Woodin, fell ill, writing after just nine months on the job “the state of my health will not permit me to remain in this position.” He died a few months later.
Over the approximately 100-year period reviewed for this story, there were Cabinet shake-ups and shuffles, secretaries who departed to take on new roles either in the administration or on the Supreme Court. There were resignations amidst policy disagreements, and perhaps most remarkably there was an agriculture secretary who served in the job for less than 90 days, while waiting to take office as governor of West Virginia.
First term “dream team”
Typically in the first two years, a president has his dream team Cabinet in place and they are working hard to enact his vision. Then midterm elections come, people get tired and Cabinet shake-ups begin.
“Other presidents wanted to save face for themselves and not look like their Cabinet is in disarray,” said James Pfiffner, explaining one of many possible reasons for the typical early stability in presidential Cabinets.
Pfiffner is a professor of public policy at George Mason University who specializes in presidents and their Cabinets. Also, he says most presidents have a political background and choose Cabinet members they know and are compatible with who have long-established histories navigating Washington, D.C. Trump's original Cabinet included a number of outsiders, perhaps most notably Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who came from Exxon Mobil and who Trump didn't know beforehand.
“President Trump doesn't pay much attention to tradition or usual decorum or norms of the presidency,” Pfiffner said, pointing out that Trump puts a premium on personal rapport. “And so he does what he feels like, and continues to.”
For this analysis, NPR looked at the first two years of Cabinet departures for presidents going back to Woodrow Wilson. We didn't count holdovers from previous administrations (especially prevalent when a president took over following a death or resignation), instead focusing on Senate-confirmed secretaries in each president's first two years and how long they lasted. Which jobs are considered Cabinet positions has changed over time, so we opted to use the same definition as the U.S. Senate historian. This means Trump's chief of staff and CIA director aren't part of the count, and neither is the administrator of the Small Business Administration (a position presidents Clinton and Carter had to refill early on).
As to whether Trump's tally of turnover is likely to rise anytime soon, press secretary Sarah Sanders was asked whether the president had offered assurances about job security to VA Secretary David Shulkin or HUD Secretary Ben Carson. And all she would say was: “We don't have any personnel changes at this time.”
Copyright 2018 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
A group of 34 road scholars from across the United States made Mobridge one of their stops during an 18-day trip, “Following in the Footsteps of Lewis and Clark: Missouri to Oregon.” The onboard study leader, Norman Anderson from Great Falls, MT, is a former history teacher and does commentary and presentations on the bus throughout the trip. The group stops at many significant Lewis and Clark sites along the way to the final destination of Fort Clatsop, OR. Participants then fly home from Portland, OR the next day.
IS SOMEONE CUTTING AN ONION? NO? Baby Hears Mother's Voice For The First Time, Becomes Totally Blissed-Out
First, she's crying, then the attendant nurse does something to her ears... it's all joy from there on out.
[India] May 31 (ANI): Delhi High Court on Wednesday issued notices to the state government and private schools in connection with refunding of excess fees.
The high court issued notices after an NGO, Delhi Abhikbhavak Mahasangh, sought court's directions to the government to attach bank accounts of 457 unaided private schools that have failed to refund excess fee collected by them several years ago.
According to the plea, the schools had collected the excess fees citing the need for paying teachers in accordance with Sixth Pay Commission.
The state government, too, passed an order and allowed the private schools in 2009 to increase their fees to meet financial requirements to pay teachers. However, high court-formed committee, led by Justice (retd) Anil Dev Singh, recommended against it in 2011. The committee found out that 531 private schools had charged excess fees and recommended that it be returned to the parents with nine per cent interest. However, after seven years, only 74 schools have adhered to the recommendation. The case will be next heard on July 23. (ANI)
Britain's Labour urges protest to force PM May from power - Daily Mirror
LONDON, June 15 A senior lawmaker in Britain's opposition Labour Party has called for a million people to take to the streets to force a second election that he said would remove Prime Minister Theresa May from power, the Daily Mirror reported.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
May 2 Geoop Ltd
* total revenue grew by 5.6% in q3 fy17 over q2 fy17, after growing 11% in q2 fy17 over q1 fy17
* Expects to continue to reduce its monthly cash burn as company trends to profitability Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Here's What You Should Know About The Ezekiel Elliott Suspension
The Cowboys' leading rusher may miss the first six games of the year.
Ezekiel Elliott, who the Dallas Cowboys selected with the number four overall draft pick in the 2016 draft and went on to lead the NFL in rushing during the course of the season, was suspended for the first six games of the season on Friday. Jerry Jones is, reportedly, furious.
The suspension stems from domestic violence accusations made by Elliott's ex-girlfriend. Prosecutors in Columbus, Ohio, declined to pursue criminal charges against the player, but NFL rules don't require criminal prosecutions to find players in violation of the personal conduct policy. There are a lot of complicating factors here—Elliott was involved in other incidents that raised questions about his character earlier this year, while a witness claimed that the woman who made the allegations asked her to lie about the charges—which means that there's a lot to unpack.
What exactly is Elliott accused of?
Last summer, a woman posted photos on Instagram of bruises that she said were the result of abuse. She wrote that it had been happening for months, and said that it had culminated in being choked and thrown across the room. She was Elliott's girlfriend, and in a subsequent post, she tagged the rookie running back.
The same day as the posts, two police reports and a 911 call were released by the Columbus Police Department. The reports are inconclusive—because Elliott and his then-girlfriend had different views of the situation, officers referred her to the prosecutor's office and did not make an arrest. In the 911 call, which you can listen to here, the woman says that though she had called earlier and intended to report to police the following day—after Elliott left—she was calling back now. She told police on the phone that she had been assaulted by Elliott multiple times over five days.
Why didn't police pursue charges?
The Columbus City Attorney's Office said that it declined to file charges “primarily due to conflicting and inconsistent information across all incidents resulting in concern regarding the sufficiency of evidence to support the filing of criminal charges.” There's no conclusive way to know exactly what is being referred to, but one thing that has been seized upon is that, allegedly, his ex-girlfriend asked a friend to lie to investigators. Documents released after the city attorney's office declined to pursue charges included an affidavit to that effect, as well as text messages sent by Elliott's ex-girlfriend in which she says, “If they ask he dragged me out of my car.” According to the released texts, her friend later asked, “Do you want me to lie about what happened that night bc zekes lawyer is about to call me again [sic].”
Why did the NFL suspend Elliott if prosecutors didn't have enough evidence to pursue charges?
Prosecutors will bring charges if they believe that they have enough evidence to secure a conviction—which means that they need to believe they'll be able to convince a jury beyond a reasonable doubt that the charges are accurate. That's a high burden of proof, and for good reason—criminal convictions can result in prison sentences. The NFL doesn't have that same burden of proof, so they can conduct their own investigation to determine independently if they believe that Elliott violated the personal conduct policy. In this case, it seems that they did.
The NFL, according to the letter it sent Elliott about the suspension, conducted a thorough investigation. The league's office said that it interviewed “more than a dozen” witnesses, examined “thousands” of text messages, photographic and digital evidence, and consulted two independent medical experts to determine the nature of her injuries. In the course of that investigation, the league—in consultation with four experts including two former prosecutors, a domestic violence expert, and NFL Hall of Fame Ken Houston—who followed his playing career with two decades of working as a counselor in Texas public schools—found enough to suspend one of its biggest stars.
The letter to Elliott explains that the suspension wasn't rooted solely on his ex-girlfriend's statements. Rather, all of the findings were supported by expert testimony, photographic and forensic evidence, and conversations with the prosecutors who declined to indict (who told the league's investigators that “we generally believed her for all of the incidents”).
Why did Elliott get suspended for six games when Ray Rice only got two games?
The NFL changed its domestic violence policy after footage of Rice's assault incident was released. In August 2014, the league mandated a six-game minimum suspension for domestic assault, and Rice was eventually suspended indefinitely. The longer answer is that the NFL has been inconsistent in addressing domestic violence allegations. New York Giants punter Josh Brown was suspended for only one game last year despite similar allegations, and the league has never adequately explained the decision not to observe its own policy in that case. That probably strikes Cowboys fans as unfair—and understandably so—but the policy that went into place following the Ray Rice suspension is important. Choosing to ignore it for Elliott just because it was ignored for Brown wouldn't really represent justice. It would just be the NFL failing to meet its standards.
Can Elliott appeal?
Yes, and he already has. That appeal will be heard by either NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell or someone that he appoints to hear it. That person can reduce, or overturn, the suspension. If they don't, Elliott can also file a legal challenge, like Tom Brady did in the Deflategate case. Doing so could stretch out the timeline on the suspension for a while—it's possible, if Elliott maneuvers himself in the courts, that he'd end up playing the full 2017 season and serve his suspension, if it stands, later on. It's hard to know for sure what happens next here. It's rare that a suspension like this is overturned, but the odds are that this will be the start of a fairly long process—not the end of one.
Growing up in southwestern Virginia in recent decades, poet Molly McCully Brown often passed by a state institution in Amherst County that was once known as the "Virginia State Colony for Epileptics and Feebleminded."
Since 1983 the facility, which was founded in 1910, has been called the Central Virginia Training Center, and it is now a residential home for people with various intellectual disabilities. But in the early 20th century, the place Brown now refers to as "the colony" was part of the eugenics movement taking hold in the U.S., and a variety of treatments now considered inhumane were practiced there — including forced sterilization. Brown, who has cerebral palsy, notes that had she been born in an earlier era, she might have been sent to live at the institution herself.
"It is impossible to know that for sure," she says. "I can look at my life and look at my family and look at my parents and think, No, never. That never would have happened. But I also understand that if I had been born 50 years earlier, the climate was very different."
She hopes to give voice to those early generations of residents, in her book of poetry, The Virginia State Colony For Epileptics And Feebleminded.
For Brown, the themes of disability and poetry have been constant throughout her life: "In my life, there has always been my body in some state of falling apart or disrepair or attempting to be fixed, and there has always been poetry. And I couldn't untwine those things if I tried."
Interview Highlights
On seeing the buildings and grounds of the old facility
It was incredibly moving and incredibly powerful. The place is interesting because it is still an operational facility for adults with really serious disabilities, although it is in the process of closing. But like a lot of things in Virginia, it was initially built on an enormous amount of land. And, so, a really interesting thing happened, which is that as the buildings that were originally part of the colony fell into disrepair, they were largely just moved out of — and new buildings were built on accompanying land, but those original buildings were not necessarily torn down. So the place itself is this really strange combination of functioning facility and ghost town of everything that it has been. I've never been in a place that felt more acutely haunted in my life.
On how some people assume her physical disability means she also has an intellectual disability
We do have a strange tendency in this country to equate any kind of disability with less intellectual capability and with even a less complete humanity. Certainly as a child and as a teenager — and even now as an adult — [I] encountered people who assumed that just because I used a wheelchair, maybe I couldn't even speak to them. I often get questions directed at people I'm with, as opposed to me, and that's a really interesting phenomenon.
On the connection between poetry and theology
Both poetry and theology for me are about paying attention to the world in a very intentional way, and about admitting a mystery that is bigger than anything that I rationally understand. ... I think poetry has always been for me a kind of prayer. So those things feel very linked for me. And, again, poetry does feel like the first — and in some ways best — language I ever had for mystery and for my sense of what exists beyond the world we're currently living in.
On how Catholicism has helped her accept her body
One of the things that I find so moving about Catholicism is that it never forgets that to be a person is inherently and inescapably and necessarily to be in a body — a body that brings you pain, a body that brings you pleasure, a body that can be a barrier to thinking more completely about your life and your soul — but [that it] can also be a vehicle to delivering you into better communion with the world, with other people and to whatever divinity it is that you believe in.
What Catholicism did for me, in part, is give me a framework in which to understand my body as not an accident or a punishment or a mistake, but as the body that I am meant to have and that is constitutive of so much of who I am and what I've done and what I hope I will do in the world.
More and more ... I've come to see my body as a place of pride and potential, and as something that gives me a unique outlook onto the world. And I'd rather that, I guess, than be infuriated by it.
On her twin sister, who died shortly after birth
She lived about 36 hours after we were born. ... It's a phenomenon in my life that I have not a lot of rational explanation for, ... but it is true that I miss my sister with a kind of intense specificity that has no rational explanation, and that I feel aware of her presence in this way that I can't exactly explain or articulate, but which feels undeniable to me. ...
I do think that that sort of gave me no other option than to believe in some kind of something beyond this current mortal life that we're living. Because what is the explanation otherwise for the fact that I feel like I miss and I know this person who only lived a matter of hours? And for the fact as much as I know that she is dead and is gone in a real way, she doesn't feel "disappeared" to me.
On how her physical disability and her poetry are intertwined
I think the easiest way I have of describing it is I have two [early] memories. ... One of them is of sitting on a table in a hospital room in the children's hospital in St. Louis, choosing the flavor of the anesthetic gas I was going to breathe when they put me under to do my first major surgery. I was picking between cherry and butterscotch and grape. And the second memory that I have is of my father reading a Robert Hayden poem called "Those Winter Sundays."
Roberta Shorrock and Therese Madden produced and edited this interview for broadcast. Bridget Bentz, Molly Seavy-Nesper and Deborah Franklin adapted it for the Web.
QUILCENE, Wash. (AP) — Washington state officials have approved a plan to expand Hood Canal conservation areas.
The Kitsap Sun reports (http://bit.ly/2iBQ5lF) that State Commissioner of Public Lands Peter Goldmark last week approved the planned expansion of the 2,770-acre Dabob Bay Natural Area by 3,393 acres.
The expansion will come through land purchases and property transfers within the agency.
Goldmark also last month approved expanding nearby Devil's Lake Conservation Area from 80 acres to 495 acres.
The conservation areas will cover nearly 6,700 acres on the canal's west side.
Conservation groups say the expansion will reduce logging and development of wildlife habitat, as well as improve water quality.
The state Department of Natural Resources says it will seek money from lawmakers to help acquire land.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) – American Girl just announced two dolls to represent the city of Nashville as well as its first-ever boy doll.
The dolls—named Tenney Grant and Logan Everett—will be revealed Thursday.
The company says Tenney is a rising star on the music scene and breakout songwriter, “finding the heart to be herself.” She has long, blonde hair and brown eyes, as well as an exclusive outfit and book that chronicles her story.
Logan is the first-ever boy character and also Tenney's drummer. He has short brown hair, gray eyes, and an original outfit as well as his own drum set.
The Tenney collection is available on this Thursday through American Girl's catalog, at AmericanGirl.com and all retail locations nationwide.
SCAFFOLDING covering a high-rise construction site in the heart of Sydney has caught fire, with dramatic footage showing flames and smoke shooting up the building.
The fire started at the northern end of the Macquarie Street building, near Hyde Park, about 7.50am on Thursday, with fire crews racing to the scene and closing the street.
About 20 people were safely evacuated, a Fire & Rescue spokesman told AAP.
City workers have described the dramatic scenes and the speed at which the flames covered the building.
"The flames were going up the scaffolding. I think there was straw in scaffolding to catch dust which just went up in flames," Patrick Toohey, who works in a nearby building told AAP.
"You could see balls of hay catching on fire - it was a bit like Grenfell tower going up," he said, referencing the London tragedy.
Footage from the Nine Network shows flames quickly rising up the 11-storey building, sending a plume of black smoke into the sky.
Thirteen fire crews and 70 firefighters are on the scene.
"The fire has been confined to the external scaffold; it hasn't penetrated the internal structure," a Fire & Rescue spokesman told AAP.
"The fire is under control but not completely extinguished."
The building is thought to be an older and well-established building that was undergoing a renovation, a Fire & Rescue spokesman told ABC.
NSW Police said there have been no reported injuries. Macquarie Street remains closed.
A group of about 50 cyclists, which included visitors from many parts of the world as well as from all over Ireland, recently caused a bit of a stir in North Leitrim.
Over a weekend, they were hosted by communities in Manorhamilton and Dromahair, and were both involved in and were treated to a range of activities which included heritage, art, music, food and camping and of course some cycling.
They enjoyed not just the beautiful summer weather, but visits to some of the North Leitrim attractions such as Lough Gill and O'Rourke's Table. Activities in Manorhamilton included cycling adventure tales in the Glens Centre, children's introduction to cycling safety, while in Dromahair, the activities included the annual Dancing at the Five Crossroads, and the Great Greenway Cycling Circus Carnival, where a range of creative activities took place.
Highlights included the inaugural journey of 'Gluais Linn' - the first trishaw (tricycle) in Leitrim and a performance of the the Old Market Street Swing Band at Edergole Cottage. A circus fancy dress parade of bicycles enabled judges to award prizes for the best dressed bicycle as well as some of the creative costumes on display.
The overall aim of the festival was to celebrate the locality for its wonderful cycling routes, to bring people together to learn about the future of cycling in the area, to build a community that can be involved in developing the area and to have some fun.
Congratulations to all @CyclingLeitrim, to the Volunteers in Dromahair, to @leitrimcoco & St Feilim's Nursing Home as well as Sligo's Old Market St String Band on a superb Cycling Circus Carnival on the SLNC Greenway today. It was magic! pic.twitter.com/RqnxnSPK5r — Sligo Cycling (@SligoCycling) June 24, 2018
D'éirigh go hiontach leis an deireadh seachtaine.
Read Also:
Sizzling summer makes for great pictures of Lovely Leitrim
Chile's Oscar nominee for best foreign-language film, "A Fantastic Woman" is one of those movies that derives power from its simplicity, conveying the discrimination against its transgender heroine in a way culls from a long history of such portrayals and yet somehow manages to feel fresh and relevant.
Scroll for more content...
Part of that stems from a tremendous central performance by Daniela Vega, a trans actress and singer who essentially stumbled into the role, having been retained as a consultant before director Sebastian Lelio (who wrote the script with Gonzalo Maza), wisely, decided to cast her.
Conceptually, "A Fantastic Woman" has much in common with the most memorable segment of the 2000 HBO movie "If These Walls Could Talk 2," which focused on a lesbian, played by Vanessa Redgrave, who, in 1961, faces being disinherited due to the death of her longtime companion, since there was no legal way then to codify the relationship.
Similarly, Vega's Marina is happily living with Orlando (Francisco Reyes), her significantly older, divorced boyfriend, when he's suddenly felled by a heart attack. From the moment she takes him to the hospital, she's met with suspicion from authorities, followed by hostility and bigotry from Orlando's family, which doesn't even want her to attend his funeral.
In perhaps the most uncomfortable scene, Marina is questioned regarding the circumstances surrounding Orlando's death, with the police -- pursuing a fishing expedition to unearth foul play -- forcing her to disrobe, looking for signs of a struggle.
If some of the beats sound familiar, or even a trifle clich-d, "A Fantastic Woman" avoids those pitfalls, in part because Marina is far from just a passive victim. Her actions, rather, convey not only the pain she experiences but also her strength and independence, gradually filling in the bond that she and Orlando shared while deftly drawing the audience into Marina's plight.
Although there is something particular in the overt discrimination practiced toward Marina, the movie bridges language and cultural barriers, striking an emotional chord with the universal nature of its themes. It's worth noting, too, that the small, intimate approach to the story makes this a movie that will play perfectly well on TV, which is where many people will no doubt catch up with it.
Granted, the "fantastic" in the title might sound like indulging a bit of hyperbole. But it comes pretty close to describing a film, and a central performance, that otherwise lose nothing in translation.
"A Fantastic Woman" opens in New York and Los Angeles on Feb. 2 and will expand to other cities in March.
Mark Hough had barely taken a sip of his Friday afternoon margarita when he heard twigs snapping and leaves rustling in his lush Altadena, California, backyard.
At first, he brushed it off as the sounds of his neighbor puttering next door, but the noise grew louder.
“So I got up, looked over in the bushes and lo and behold there's a bear climbing up over my fence,” Hough said Monday.
The sighting was the first of many encounters Hough would have with the bear that particularly hot Friday afternoon — over the course of a few hours the bear availed itself of Hough's backyard, his hot tub, and the cocktail he left behind.
After first spotting the bear, Hough retreated inside, only to later find the furry intruder “bobbling away in the Jacuzzi enjoying himself.”
Hough recorded video of the bear lolling in the unheated hot tub with the jets on. The creature played with the chlorinator and tossed the thermometer in the air, Hough said.
“He was playing having a grand old time,” he added.
Bears have been frequently filmed romping around the community that straddles city and wilderness. Los Angeles County Sheriff's Deputy Joana Warren said the department received six bear-sighting calls that ay, but failed to find it.
The bear's dip only lasted a few minutes before it emerged and lumbered around the yard. Then it “popped out of the bushes, walked right over to the margarita, knocked it over and lapped it,” Hough said.
About an hour later, Hough was talking to a neighbor when some oak leaves fluttered to the ground. Hough looked up to see the bear slumbering in the tree.
“So he had his margarita, he had his Jacuzzi, and now he's ready for an hour nap,” Hough said.
Hough said the bear ultimately hustled away down the street. After the encounter, Hough made himself two margaritas to make up for the one he lost.
“It was an interesting Friday, to say the least,” Hough said.
BARCELONA, April 29 World number one Andy Murray was knocked out 6-2 3-6 6-4 by Austria's Dominic Thiem in the semi-finals of the Barcelona Open on Saturday.
Thiem became the first Austrian since Thomas Muster in 1996 to reach the final of the claycourt tournament after subduing Murray for the first time in his career.
Just as in Friday's gruelling quarter-final with Albert Ramos-Vinolas, Murray got off to a bad start.
The Briton relied on his serve to recover the second set but could not sustain the level and bowed out.
Thiem will meet either nine-times Barcelona Open champion Rafael Nadal or Argentine Horacio Zeballos in Sunday's final. (Reporting by Richard Martin, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
RENO, Nev. — Madeleine Pickens wanted the African-American chef she recruited from the country club she owns in Southern California to cook “black people food” — not “white people food” — at her rural Nevada dude ranch and wild horse sanctuary, according to a federal lawsuit accusing her of racial discrimination.
Armand Appling says the wealthy philanthropist and ex-wife of Oklahoma energy tycoon T. Boone Pickens told him fried chicken, BBQ ribs and corn bread would be perfect for the tourists who pay nearly $2,000 a night to stay in plush cottages, ride horses and take Wild West “safaris” on ATVs at her Mustang Monument Wild Horse Eco-Resort.
Appling alleges he was fired 2014 in retaliation for complaining about a hostile work environment. He says Pickens' stereotypical references were commonplace at the Elko County ranch stretching across 900 square miles (2331 sq. km) on the edge of the Ruby Mountains about 50 miles (80 km) west of the Utah line.
Among other things, he says Pickens, who is white, instructed him to terminate two other black kitchen staffers — one she referred to as her “bull” or “ox” and another who had “too much personality.” He says she told him they didn't “look like people we have working at the country club” and didn't “fit the image” of the staff she wanted at the ranch.
Pickens' lawyers argue that even if all the allegations are true, none of her comments were racially motivated. At worst, Pickens' remarks “reflect a non-racial personality conflict and amount to discourtesy, rudeness or lack of sensitivity,” they wrote in recent court filings.
U.S. District Judge Miranda Du said during a hearing in Reno last week that Appling's lawyers have failed so far to prove the sort of racial hostility needed to win such a civil rights claim. She dismissed the original lawsuit that was filed in February but gave them until Jan. 13 to refile an amended complaint seeking unspecified damages from Pickens' non-profit, Save America's Mustangs.
“It takes a lot to prove these allegations,” Du told California attorney Willie Williams on Thursday.
Du agreed with Pickens' lawyer, Dora Lane of Reno, that the only comment that specifically referred to race was the reference to “black people food.”
Lane said categorizing foods by ethnicity is commonplace in the restaurant industry. Some restaurants serve Mexican food, others Chinese or Thai food, she said.
“The suggestion that such categorizations are inherently offensive is nonsense,” Lane argued in earlier court documents. “This is especially true here, given that Pickens' alleged comments actually reflect a preference for 'black people food' rather than a racial anima against 'black people' or 'black people food.”'
Williams said Pickens' comments about the fired employees “not fitting in” reinforces a long history of African-Americans not being allowed into elite, private-club settings. Pickens owns the exclusive Del Mar Country Club north of San Diego where Appling worked before she hired him for a five-month stint in Nevada.
“In many cases, the people fighting to keep African-Americans out of these private clubs would use code phrases like 'they do not fit the image,”' Williams said in court documents. He added the use of the words “ox” and “bull” implies ownership of property, given “America's long history of slavery where they were considered personal property of their owners.”
Lane argued it was a complimentary reference to physical strength and “was not accompanied by any overtly racial slurs.”
“Indeed, Appling does not allege that he ever heard any overtly racial epithets, such as the 'N-word,”' she wrote in court documents.
But Williams told the judge last week the comments must be viewed in the context of racial stereotypes.
Du agreed that Lane's arguments focus on the “plain meaning of words” while seemingly ignoring the context of comments made about “African-Americans in history and stereotypes that could give rise to racial animas.”
“If the alleged comments were not directed at him, but others who look like him, it may affect his work environment,” the judge said.
Just in time for Valentine's Day… St. John's Hospital is touting its success with new procedures to repair heart problems.
Local doctors say St. John's is on the cutting edge of “minimally invasive” procedures that allow for heart valve or artery replacement without having to “crack the chest” by cutting through the breastbone.
In most cases… patients stay awake with “conscious sedation,” and doctors say it dramatically reduces the recovery times and complications associated with open-heart surgery.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PLANO -- It's a nightmare scenario for a parent. You leave your little one at daycare, pull up the live feed online to check in, and you see an employee tossing your child around like a rag doll.
It's real life for Caitlin Gilmore. A cell phone video recording from The Children's Courtyard's live feed shows her son Ollie being pushed to the side, then carelessly lifted and dropped face down onto a sleeping mat by an employee at the Plano location.
Gilmore rushed to get her son immediately, and doctors said he was fine.
No surprise, that employee was fired. Children's Courtyard's parent company, Learning Care Group said:
"We have strict policies and procedures to ensure the safety and well-being of our children, and to make certain we meet or exceed state guidelines. We don't tolerate deviation from those standards. Upon being made aware of this situation, we immediately notified the authorities and partnered with the state as well as conducted our own investigation. Those involved are no longer employed with us. We will continue to work closely with licensing and reiterate our training processes with all staff. We take our responsibility seriously, and are committed to ensuring our children receive high quality early education and nurturing care."
An apology isn't going to be enough on this one.
Plano Police expected to see the suspect Monday to hear her side of the story. She faces possible child endangerment and bodily injury charges. The Department of Family and Protective Services (DFPS) was also called.
Parents are disappointed with the daycare's slow play on alerting them too. NewsFix showed one dad the video Monday morning, and he knew nothing about it. While watching he quickly realized his son was asleep just steps away. He went straight back inside for answers.
A representative from Learning Care Group said, "We were made aware of this concern late Friday and have been addressing this with families since then."
Even more concerning, another employee in the back of the shot doesn't seem to be treating the kids much better. She's seen flipping a child over by one arm, and pulling another toddler back by the legs when it was crawling away from her.
This situation is another in a string of bad press for The Children's Courtyard recently. Their Arlington location fired a teacher recently for her anti-Semitic comments on social media.
Meanwhile, this location reported itself to DFPS in January for leaving a child outside alone for more than 15 minutes.
It's a good thing The Children's Courtyard has a live feed to keep them accountable, but if they're this careless when the cameras are watching, parents have to wonder what's happening the rest of the time.
April 12 Taseko Mines Ltd:
* Announce that a new, long-term agreement was ratified by its unionized employees at Gibraltar
* The new agreement will be in place until May 31, 2021 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
YUP, THIS PERSON IS INCREDIBLY GOOD And The 2018 NPR Tiny Desk Contest Winner Is...
Hello, world. Meet Naia Izumi, whose tracks will most likely be on frequent rotation at your hipster haunt of choice very soon.
UPDATE 1-Paris picked by South Korea's Naver for new startup incubator
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
NEW YORK — Quinton Adlesh scored 17 of his 20 points in the second half when Columbia charged back to hand Harvard its first Ivy League loss, 83-76, Friday night.
Adlesh made four of his five 3-pointers in the second half. Lukas Meisner added his third career double-double with 16 points and 10 rebounds. Kyle Castlin and Mike Smith also scored 16 points, with Smith getting 14 in the second half. Patrick Tape added 10 points for the Lions (5-13, 2-3).
The Crimson (10-11, 4-1) led the entire game until the Lions rattled off a 20-3 run with Adlesh scoring eight points to lead 58-49 with 12:26 left. Columbia kept the lead with Castlin sinking four free throws and Smith two in the final 1:07. Columbia shot 60 per cent in the second half and 54 per cent for the game with 11 3-pointers.
Seth Towns scored a career-high 31 points for Harvard with six of the Crimson's 16 3-pointers.
Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach and his legal team made many embarrassing amateur stumbles throughout their voting law trial.
As a Huffington Post reporter pointed out Tuesday, they forgot to delete an editorial note and add in a citation on a document filed in federal court.
Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach and his lawyers appear to have forgotten to delete a section of a document they filed in federal court that a point of law “probably isn't worth arguing.” pic.twitter.com/c7JV8544Cv — Sam Levine (@srl) April 24, 2018
Kobach was attempting to fight for a Kansas law that requires documentation proving citizenship to register to vote. The trial came out of an ACLU lawsuit in 2016, claiming that Kobach was fighting a nonexistent problem as a way to disenfranchise voters.
Kobach and his team frequently fumbled fundamental trial processes during their court appearances, including repeated attempts to enter evidence into the record after they had missed the deadline to do so.
MURMANSK (Sputnik) — Throughout 2016, Russian navy surface vessels, submarines and supply vessels carried out over 30 long-haul expeditions across the world.
"In 2017, the Northern Fleet will continue to actively and deliberately support naval presence in the world's oceans," Serga said, quoting Northern Fleet Commander Vice-Admiral Nikolay Yevmenov.
The Northern Fleet's carrier battle group, which includes the aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov, is currently maintaining presence in the eastern Mediterranean, he added, noting that the group also includes the battlecruiser Pyotr Velikiy and the anti-submarine destroyer Severomorsk.
© Sputnik/ Sergey Eshenko The Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft-carrying cruiser in Severomorsk. File photo
"The crews of a number of surface ship groups have started preparations for long-haul expeditions to the seas of the Arctic Ocean, to various areas of of the Atlantic and to the Mediterranean basin," Serga said.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
The opposition RJD has wrested the Jokihat Assembly seat from the ruling JD-U in Bihar. RJD candidate Shahnawaz Alam won the seat by over 41,000 votes, officials said on Thursday.
After trailing in the initial round of counting, the Rashtriya Janata Dal established a comfortable lead after 24 rounds.
The Jokikhat seat fell vacant following the resignation of JD-U MLA Sarfaraz Alam, who joined the RJD.
Voting for the seat took place on Monday.
The JD-U was backed by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), while the RJD had the support of the Congress and Hindustani Awam Morcha (Secular) of former Chief Minister of Jitan Ram Manjhi.
Jokihat is a Muslim-dominated Assembly constituency, considered stronghold of former Union Minister and Shahnawaz Alam's father Mohammad Taslimuddin, who died last year leading to a bypoll for the Araria Lok Sabha seat. This is second time this year when RJD contested polls in the absence of RJD chief Lalu Prasad,who was jailed after convicted in fodder scam.At present Lalu is undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Mumbai following provisional bail. The RJD under the leadership of young and energetic Tejashwi Yadav,former deputy chief minister and younger son of Lalu,proved again that it has an edge over the JD-U of chief minister Nitish Kumar. Two months ago RJD has defeated JD-U in bypolls to Jahanbad assembly seat and bypolls to Araria Lok Sabha seat.
THE head of the European Union's parliament says the bloc will investigate Facebook over the use of its data by a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm.
Cambridge Analytica, whose clients have included Donald Trump's presidential campaign, reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook customers without permission to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
Antonio Tajani tweeted on Monday: “Allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens' privacy rights. The European Parliament will investigate fully, calling digital platforms to account.” Tajani, who is president of the EU parliament, hasn't provided details.
UK politicians have already called on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before a parliamentary committee about this case.
Camera Icon Mark Zuckerberg could testify before a parliamentary committee. Picture: AFP, AFP/Money Sharma
It comes as Facebook had its worst trading day since 2012 as details emerged about how a data mining company working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained and kept data on tens of millions of users during the 2016 election.
A former employee of Cambridge Analytica said on US TV overnight that the group identified voters who might be swayed and “injected content” that may or may not be true. Late Friday, Facebook said it would ban Cambridge Analytica, saying the company improperly obtained information from 270,000 people who downloaded a purported research app described as a personality test. Facebook first learned of the breach more than two years ago, but hasn't disclosed it until now.
Facebook shares sank $US13.43 ($17,43) in midday trading, putting the stock on pace for its biggest one-day fall since August 2012 and dragging down the rest of the technology sector, with fears rising of increased government regulation. Alphabet, Google's parent company, lost almost 3 per cent and Microsoft fell almost 2 per cent.
A former employee of a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm says it used algorithms that “took fake news to the next level” using data inappropriately obtained from Facebook.
Chris Wylie says the firm, Cambridge Analytica, secured personal data in order to learn about individuals and then used it to create an information cocoon to change their perceptions.
He says the firm used “informational dominance” to capture every channel of information around a person to surround them with curated information, changing their perception of what's actually happening.
In an interview Monday on US TV, Wylie said Cambridge Analytica aimed to “explore mental vulnerabilities of people”.
While Mr Wylie said he doesn't know to what extent Mr Trump's campaign used the techniques, he said Mr Trump's former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski was meeting with Cambridge Analytica in 2015, before Mr Trump even announced his run for office.
Posted by admin on February 3, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
A single approach to the organization of psychological training of combat units will increase the moral and psychological stability of personnel in stressful situations when performing educational and combat tasks, as well as overcome fears associated with taking on the enemy. The participants went through the psychological obstacle course, which included the assault of multi-storey buildings and crossing wired fences, blockages and burning ditches.
[India], December 11. (ANI): Four people, including a woman, were killed in a road accident at Pune-Bangalore Highway near Katraj in Pune on Monday.
Yahswant Mane (55), his wife Sharda Yashwant Mane (46) and their son Rushikesh Yashwant Mane (17) were travelling from Pune, when the family met with the accident. Krishna Surve (65), who was behind the wheel, also died in the crash.
The accident took place when the family was returning from Pune after dropping their daughter at a college in the city. (ANI)
The United States should start mending fences with Iran if it does not want a new crisis to flare up in the Middle East, Qatari Defense Minister Khalid bin Mohammad Al Attiyah emphasized during a visit to Washington.
In an interview with Sputnik, Qatari political analyst Ali al Hil said that Doha does not want any war to break out in the region, be it a direct conflict between America and Iran or through proxies, because this is fraught with numerous economic and political problems.
“Everyone needs stability in the region, including the US since many American gas companies are currently at work in Qatar,” he added.
“The situation around Iran is similar to what now exists around Korea. The US believes that Pyongyang has nuclear, hydrogen and even more dangerous bacteriological weapons, that's why it has stopped calling for war and is now talking about the need for a more balanced approach.
Washington's concerns are fully shared by South Korea and Japan which, seeing that the Americans are doing nothing, have stepped up their own talks with Pyongyang,” Ali al Hil emphasized.
He also mentioned the 2022 World Cup in Qatar as another reason why Doha is trying to avoid a new spiral of tensions in the region.
“The US managed to put a damper on the crisis with North Korea, then why can't it do the same with Iran?” he wondered.
Said al Lawandi, an expert with the Al Ahram Center of Strategic and Political Studies in Cairo, pointed to the currently close relations between Qatar and Iran and the presence of an Iranian military contingent in the Gulf kingdom.
“Doha will keep up pressure on Washington in a bid to end the state of political isolation Iran is now in,” he noted.
Saudi political scientist Abdel Rahman al Tariri warned against seeing too much into Qatar's decision to join the “Turkish-Iranian camp” though.
“This does not indicate any clear-cut change of priorities by Doha, whose policy of the past two years has been pretty ambivalent,” the expert noted.
READ MORE: Lavrov Props Iran Nuclear Deal, Laments Brash US Policies at Annual Press Event
Food Looking for a great recipe? Find it now & see how it?s all made by watching recipe videos.
Health Finds the latest health headlines & videos, plus get tips for healthy living.
Links Looking for a website or event you heard mentioned on News 9? Find it here!
Newsletters Sign up now to receive news, weather, recipes and more from News9.com
Radio Sputnik discussed this with Dr. David Lowe, terrorism and security expert.
Sputnik: What is your opinion on these new measures? Do you think that they are going to be effective and do you agree with the policies that are being put into place?
Dr. David Lowe: I think there are a couple of measures there, which were longer sentences for those committing terrorism offenses. I think that's fairly reasonable depending on what offenses have been committed of course. The one as regards carrying out surveillance of communities, I think this is going to be very delicately done and also I think we need to get more detail and obviously when the new version of Contest, the UK Government's counterterrorism policy and the counterterrorism bill that looks like they're going to introduce. Let's see what's in the detail of that because when the prevention strategy, this is the pre-criminal part of Contest that is aimed at helping people who are vulnerable to being drawn towards terrorism. When that was initially brought out it was to deal with violent Islamist ideology.
© REUTERS / Peter Nicholls Islamist Terror Threat to Remain for Years to Come, Could Increase – UK Official
Now of course since 2011 it deals with all forms of extremism but it carries that, if you like, scar that sort of created the suspect community, which is the Muslim community. So I think we've got to be careful here and yes there were five attacks last year, but one was committed by someone influenced by the far-right. So how are you going to identify communities with members of the far-right because don't forget other points, I make over the last few years. Someone inspired by the far-right now has actually assassinated a British MP which the Islamists have not done and hopefully will never do. So you've got to look at all forms of extremism. So I can see some difficulties here. It's got to be done and if we're going to be looking at communities and I understand why, but you've got to bring the community on board and not just bring this straight onto them, you must do this mandatory but got to bring the community on board.
Sputnik: The UK's been criticized for the police cuts and actually experts have said that they've already cut down the numbers of police. Is this going to reverse to what we had before that?
Dr. David Lowe: This is the issue, isn't it? How is this going to be done because those austerity cuts from 2009, the UK police have lost 20,000 officers and of course, the area that really suffered from that was neighborhood policing, the community aspect. One of the best sources of information and in building trust in the police is neighborhood policing, but that's been at the brunt of all the cuts. As regard to counterterrorism it didn't have a cut, but it's not had great increases in its budgets and in its staffing level. So let's wait and see what detail comes out but these are pertinent questions I think we've got to be asking: Who is going to fund this is?; Is there going to be an increase in staffing?; How are you going to get this message across? It's about all communities and not again have a divisive policy that will create suspect communities which in this case we look at what's happened in the past, people go, it will most likely to be the Muslim community.
Sputnik: Has there been detail as far as what kind of additional powers police and other organizations will have?
Dr. David Lowe: I think this is interesting because in the UK, the security service and the police have some of the widest powers to deal with counterterrorism. When this was first mooted last year following the attacks, you know, do they need more powers, I was questioning well what powers do you need? Because they are pretty wide now both on dealing with preventative measures such as obtaining information that's likely to be of use to a terrorist, wider powers of surveillance, including electronic surveillance.
I think this is one issue that does need to be assisted both in terrorism and organized crime is police access to telecom status, especially fight data which places people in geographical location. EU law can be, in my opinion can be quite restrictive. On this issue it's more heavily weighed down on protecting personal data and rights of privacy and yet strangely enough we are quite happy to pass our information to private companies but once you state the police need access to terrorism and organized crime there's always a bit of an outcry. But generally they've got pretty wide powers. I think what's important is let's remarket and prevent, not rebrand it but remarket and I do know that work's being done to create another website that takes away from homeoffice.gov.uk website to make it more interactive, more informative, more user-friendly.
Sputnik: And how do you really balance privacy, security, safety and human rights? How do you balance those?
Dr. David Lowe: It is getting that balance. It must be legislated for with strict safeguards in place I think that's really important. The Investigatory Powers Act which is brought in late 2016 here to deal with electronic communications has got robust safeguards, perhaps if I could change it one way, I would stop politicians like the home secretary, in certain cases issuing the warrants. Let's let the judges issue them. It's best to have a judicial supervision on it. We have to accept that in cases of terrorism and serious crime, like drug trafficking, people trafficking, etc., the police and the security services need to do some monitoring and perhaps via the safeguards in accessing that telecom status I think that's important. As regards other forms of surveillance, here in the UK it's very strictly monitored, as regards accessing either physically watching someone, putting electronic devices in to monitor any communications going on within premises, but it's only done an exceptional case. This is not done randomly to monitor everybody.
The views and opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
Beijing has kicked off a number of measures aimed at bolstering its economic growth, Chinese researcher Liu Dan told Sputnik. According to Liu, the country's internal difficulties have not been triggered by the US tariff war unleashed by the Trump administration on China.
One should not overestimate the impact of Sino-American trade frictions on China's economy, says Liu Dan, a researcher at the Chongyang Institute for Financial Studies (RDCY) of Renmin University of China.
"China's efforts to regulate the economy are aimed at eliminating structural imbalances and sore points inherent in the Chinese economy," Liu told Sputnik China. "China is now struggling with three internal problems: excessive credits, environmental pollution and a gap between the rich and the poor. The US-Chinese trade conflict is just an external factor; China would still carry out its reforms if it didn't emerge. The trade conflict has merely become a catalyst for these changes."
© AFP 2018 / Behrouz Mehri/Pool How China is Forming a United Front to Counter Trump's Protectionism
According to official data, the People's Republic of China's economic growth in the first quarter amounted to 6.8 percent , signaling that the country's development is going on at a steady pace. However, in some provinces and cities growth rates have declined. For instance, Tianjin, previously one of the fastest growing regions, has shown only 1.9 percent. The country's growth of manufacturing output amounted to only 0.1 percent in the first quarter of 2018, which is 2.2 percent lower than a year ago. Meanwhile, the country's fixed asset investments have fallen by 25 percent over the past year.
Observers suggest that the old growth model based on exports and massive investments has exhausted itself. The return on each invested yuan is decreasing, triggering economic imbalances in the form of excessive infrastructure and production capacities and, as a result non-recurring debts. In light of this, the fight against the loan debt burden and shifting the focus from quantitative to qualitative growth appears to be the way out. At the same time, however, the slowdown should not be too sharp, as it could cause an upsurge in unemployment and drop in income.
The researcher underscored that Beijing realizes that the possession of high technologies is the major competitive advantage in the modern world. Therefore, China needs to move forward bolstering innovations.
"The transformations China is going through include the revision of quality, efficiency, driving forces, boosting the efficiency of production factors, accelerating the alteration of the development model," Lui emphasized. "These transformations are aimed at improving the economic structure, promoting production to a new level, stimulating the development of new technologies and products through innovation, protecting intellectual property, and developing new industries with the decisive role of the market in resource allocation."
© REUTERS / Thomas White/Illustration/File Photo China's Yuan May Strengthen Its Position in the Next Few Years – Analyst
It is expected that revenues from domestic consumption will become the basis for innovation, the researcher elaborated. He drew attention to the fact that the generation of millennials — those who were born in the late 1990s — have come to the market: Unlike their parents, these people are ready to consume here and now instead of saving for a rainy day.
This explains the demand for p2p-lending, microfinance organizations and Alipay or Wechatpay credit products. The problem is that this market has started to grow too fast, Liu noted. In 2015, the total amount of outstanding consumer loans was estimated at 19 trillion yuan, while in September 2017 it amounted to 30.2 trillion yuan. Therefore, the authorities need to maintain the volume of household loans at a reasonable level, the researcher suggested.
"If the volume of household loans remains at a reasonable level, it will help increase the domestic demand," he opined. "But if the leverage is too large, people will spend the lion's share of their income on debt servicing, and this will strangle the consumption."
Citing Haitong Securities, the researcher explained that in November 2017 the household debt in China amounted to 54 percent of GDP. For comparison's sake: in the USA this figure was 79 percent, in Great Britain — 88 percent, in the Eurozone 59 percent, while in Japan it was 58 percent. That means China's figures are lower than in developed countries, he pointed out.
"Yes, indeed, in the past 10 years, this indicator has grown rapidly. But the authorities brought the situation under control, and in 2017 the indicator began to decline for the first time," Liu underscored.
© AFP 2018 / PRAKASH SINGH China and India to Boost Partnership Amid Washington-Beijing Trade War
However, the scholar believes that the internal consumption will develop not only at the expense of credit means. Over the last five years an average of 13 million new jobs has been created annually, while 68 million people have managed to overcome the poverty line.
The jobless rate in cities and rural areas remains stable at 5 percent, which is much lower than in developed countries, he stressed. The consumer price index in the region amounts to 2 percent. As a result, in 2017, consumption accounted for almost two thirds of the economy, Liu asserts. So, no matter how the external situation develops, China will rely on its own capabilities, he concluded.
Meanwhile, the Trump administration continues to crack down on its economic and geopolitical competitor. After raising steel and aluminum import tariffs, Washington has threatened China to impose tariffs on $150 billion worth of Chinese products over the so-called "unfair trade practices." In addition, the White House is considering a series of measures to prevent the transfer of high technologies to China and curtail Chinese investments in the high-tech sphere in the US.
The views expressed in this article are solely those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect the official position of Sputnik.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
By: Taylor DeVille, Associate Arts & Life Editor
Throw out your Cosmo horoscope and face the facts.
Aries (March 21-April 19): I know you think your drunken temper tantrums are cute — and maybe even justified — but you're really just exhausting. Sure, your energy can be invigorating, but you've gotta stop challenging every frat guy in the general vicinity to buttchug cough syrup just to “weed out the weaklings.” You'll be alone this year because you're too scary and need to develop a healthy fear of God and death.
Taurus (April 20-May 20): You smoke all the weed then raid your date's pantry, leaving naught but a lone corn chip in your wake. Your obsession with the material means you look cute always, but even that's not enough for anyone to put up with your stubborn ass.
Gemini (May 21-June 20): You know memes. You have the best memes. But you're a predator masquerading as a house pet—on the surface, you're hilarious, chatty and charming, but you have a tendency to play drawn out manipulative games with your partners. That's not the reason you'll be alone, though—it's your apparently uncontrollable need to play “devil's advocate” even when discussing basic human rights. Impressively though, you somehow win debates knowing only half the facts.
Cancer (June 21-July 22): I'll try to go easy on you — since we both know if there's anyone who'd get in their feelings from reading horoscopes, it's you. You make too many puns, and none of them are good, but it's oddly charming. No one likes to drink with you because it only takes two shots for you to start crying over videos of baby ocelots. You'll be alone this year because you get too attached to toxic or narcissistic people and get your heart broken by repeating the same destructive patterns of behavior.
Leo (July 23-Aug. 22): Your resolve to “ignore the haters” leaves you blind to just how terrible you really are. Your vivacious magnetism attracts those who want to bask in your glow, but when it becomes clear that you exert your will with a force that rivals the power of Zeus the Thunder God, potential partners run screaming for the hills.
Virgo (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): Let's be real—you'll be alone this year because you're too good for us plebs (and you know it, of course). You constantly put everyone's needs before your own, but you keep a mental tally of every time your “selfless” deed goes unrecognized or underappreciated. Your friends love you because you're the quintessential mom friend, but you're no fun at parties because you're too misanthropic, and you choose to hang out on the floor with the dog the entire time. If you're not drafting a list of all of your partner's flaws and how they can fix them, you're feeding your savior complex by putting way too much time and energy into trying to fix someone who's broken.
Libra (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): Congratulations, Libra. You're the only one who won't be alone this year, because you're incapable of being alone, ever. In fact, you hate being alone so much that you'll gladly accept toxic relationships just so you have people to distract you from introspection. You're so charming and kind, though, that you never have a lack of people swooning over you—but when they realize that you're some kind of strange chameleon who changes shape based on who you're around to ensure that you'll be well-liked, they might move on to someone less confusing and elusive.
Scorpio (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): Oh Scorpio, you're probably expecting to read that you're just too dark and intense for anyone to deal with you, right? Well it's just that exact persona that repels people who want to get to know the “real” you—a stubborn, possessive, overly emotional and completely unreasonable sexual masochist. You always think you see right through to the core of people, but really you're just probably projecting. You'll be alone this year because Timmy or Suzy said no to your Ring Pop proposal in third grade, and now you feel too damaged to love again.
Sagittarius (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): The epitome of fake deep. You think you're “woke” but the extent of your activism is sharing Occupy Democrats articles on Facebook. You're the best person to party with, but not many can keep up with you. You'll be lonely this year (and probably for the rest of your life) because your idealistic, freedom-obsessed ass sees relationships as too restrictive. You think the “right person” won't make you feel trapped, but you'll find a way to feel smothered no matter who you're with.
Capricorn (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): You'll be alone this year by choice, Capricorn—it's hard these days for you to find someone who isn't intimidated by your snarkiness and ruthless ambition. If you do manage to find someone who lives up to your impossible standards, try to resist your natural urge to condescend to and control them. Cap women, you're tough as nails and should hold out for an equally strong-headed (but maybe nicer) partner. Cap men, your ego and beliefs about your own sexual prowess have no basis in reality; try giving more head.
Aquarius (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): Aquarius, I could drag you so hard it would shatter that empty icebox you call a heart, but your god complex ultimately protects you from any truths too hard for you to face. Even if you somehow manage to find someone tolerant enough to deal with your low E.Q. and listen to you drone on about the Mandela Effect, you'll be alone forever because you feel like no one understands you; but you secretly prefer it that way so you never have to feel vulnerable. Also no one knows what you're talking about like 90 percent of the time.
Pisces (Feb. 19-March 20): At your best, you're a gentle, peace-loving idealist, but you have a tendency to subtly manipulate everyone around you into putting you at the center of their world. You have something negative to say about everyone but don't take criticism well. You'll be alone this year because you make your dates read your bland, derivative poetry (which is really just different lines from Shinji Moon taken out of context), and you talk too much about alternative medicine.
If you're going to start a new interview series, you might as well jump into it with someone with a hell of a story to tell – and surfing champ Mick Fanning certainly fits the bill.
Three-time world champion Fanning appeared on the second episode of Andrew Denton's Interview and naturally was asked about his now infamous encounter with a shark while competing at Jeffreys Bay in South Africa in July 2015.
Shown a clip of the incident by Denton, he said it felt at the time like it lasted minutes rather than seconds.
“When you're really scared things seem to go for a eternity and that's how that went. That for me felt like a good five minutes,” he said.
“It was caught in my leg rope and was pulling me under. I had no power…it was that strong. I guess it was like someone trying to wrestle a bull or something.
“At first I thought it wasn't that big, it's only six foot. Then when I watched the footage, I just broke down. It was huge.
“There was another point when the wave comes up that nobody saw that I thought I was crazy for a bit.
“The shark circled back and bumped me and that's when I punched it…I just wanted to get away from it. It wasn't actually going for me, it was going for my board.
The last thing I saw was a fin on top of the board sailing off into the sunset and I was just like ‘board's gone, I'm trying to get in.”
Fanning's mother Liz Osborne was in the audience for the interview and gave her take on seeing the episode unfold from afar - saying she couldn't believe she came so close to losing another son.
Watch the full clip of Fanning's description of the shark encounter above.
Interview screens 9pm on Tuesday nights on Channel Seven.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) –The Nashville Predators have assigned defenseman Adam Pardy to Milwaukee, according to President of Hockey Operations/General Manager David Poile.
The 32-year-old has played in four games for the Preds this season, recording six penalty minutes and a -1 rating.
He made his Predators debut on Dec. 8 at Dallas after signing a one-year contract with Nashville on Nov. 30.
The prospect of a leadership challenge against UK Prime Minister Theresa May has been on the cards for a while, with some members of her party willing to vote against a proposed Brexit deal if certain conditions are breached, potentially “collapsing” the government.
Eurosceptic Tory politician Jacob Rees-Mogg has denied claims that he's plotting a coup against PM May, refuting allegations by an ex-minister, The Independent reported on Wednesday.
READ MORE: Anti-EU Politician Joins Snapchat, Set to Hire PR Firm to Challenge UK PM May
Earlier, Phillip Lee, a former cabinet minister, insisted that there is “no doubt” a coup against May is being planned by hardline Tory Brexiteers. He called on MPs and the entire Conservative Party to collectively “stand against this nonsense.”
© AP Photo / Matt Dunham Rees-Mogg Blasts May's EU Customs Plan as 'Cretinous'
In addition to dismissing claims of his involvement in a coup, Mogg also described reports, initially made by The Times, citing a political source, of him seeking out a PR firm to challenge PM May as “fake news” and a “completely bogus story.”
Moreover, Mogg denied reports of him building a £750,000 (around $990,000 at the current GBP/USD exchange rate) war chest to fight a leadership contest.
“As far as I am aware that's a completely bogus story. It is what Mr. Trump might call fake news. I've never heard of this war chest. I've never heard of these PR companies. And I don't know where the story has come from,” Mogg told Channel 4 News on July 3.
He took the opportunity to reiterate that he would not support a deal presented by PM May which kept the UK tied to the EU single market or customs union.
"It's not for me to issue warnings to the prime minister. I fully support the prime minister, but I cannot guarantee to support a policy that doesn't deliver on the manifesto commitments,” he warned.
© AP Photo / Yves Logghe EU Brexit Negotiator Praises Dutch PM for Standing Up to Trump Over Trade
Brexit has divided opinions across the UK political spectrum, with even the ruling Tory party struggling with the internal divisions it has brought about.
Cabinet ministers will meet with the prime minister at her Chequers Court residence on Friday to discuss Brexit-related issues in a bid to finalize their strategy and position on a number of key matters, as they look to strike a deal with EU negotiators over the coming weeks and months.
READ MORE: Brexit Brawl: UK Businesses Reportedly Stand Up to Government Customs Plan
[India], December 11 (ANI): The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MoRTH) held a meeting last week to review the progress of the India-Nepal road connectivity projects.
The meeting was attended by officials from the MoRTH including, National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited (NHIDCL), Ministry of External Affairs and Ministry of Commerce.
The Mechi River Bridge project which is currently being implemented at the Indo-Nepal border is on track. A Letter of Intent (LOI) is likely to be issued to the contractor shortly. The project will begin from February 2018, an official statement read.
The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has received bids for restoration of Piprakothi-Raxaul Road (NH 57A). The award of contract for the repair is likely to be undertaken by this December-end, the statement added. The NHAI has done a survey of Mirganj Bridge, also located on NH 57A. A proposal for a temporary bridge for strengthening would be formulated in January 2018. (ANI)
LONDON — James DeGale announced Wednesday that he has vacated his IBF super middleweight title.
"I have relinquished my IBF title as I look to secure big fights in the final chapter of my career," the 32-year-old DeGale wrote on Twitter.
"This is the final phase of my career where I want to be involved in the biggest fights possible. My team have been working very hard behind the scenes and we've got some exciting news to announce soon."
DeGale became the first British Olympic gold medallist to win a professional world title when in 2015 he outpointed Andre Dirrell in Boston.
It has been nine months since one of the city's darkest days, and since then we have heard countless stories of survival and tragedy.
Scroll for more content...
Now we are hearing the stories of undocumented workers who witnessed the horrific 1 October shooting and are attempting to cope with life after the tragedy.
There are more than 70 undocumented immigrants across the Las Vegas valley who claim they were working the Route 91 Harvest Festival when a gunman opened fire.
"You could hear how the bullets were hitting and hitting the beer container," said survivor Efren Campirano, who says he hid in a beer cooler as shots were fired.
Campirano was working as a bartender at the festival. During the shooting, he remembers only being able to think about one thing.
"I was thinking about my family, I have a great family," Campirano said.
Campirano moved to the United States from Mexico City. He is married, and the couple has an 8-year-old son.
He is one of a group of survivors who may now be eligible for a U visa, a visa only granted to about 10,000 immigrants a year who are victims of crimes.
"Those are not a slam dunk case, I hate to say it," said attorney Hardeep "Dee" Sull.
To be granted a U visa, people must have approval from local police or a judge before then getting approval from the federal government. They also have to prove they suffered substantial mental or physical abuse and are willing to assist law enforcement in the investigation or prosecution of the criminal activity.
Recently, the group of survivors met with Sheriff Joe Lombardo to tell their stories. The Sheriff told the group he would be adding more resources to the U visa program to help approve clean up a backlog of u-visas.
"The idea is that it [U visa] is supposed to prevent crime and to encourage victims to come forward," Sull said. "But this is not a free pass."
Campirano has undergone therapy for what he went through on 1 October. He said while he is grateful for the opportunity to be eligible for a visa, he is focusing on his mental health.
"This was the largest mass shooting in America let's remind ourselves of that, and there's no reward in this," Sull said.
It can take anywhere from a year to three years for U visas to be approved
Though they have yet to confirm their relationship status, Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez have been seeing each other almost every day, a source tells PEOPLE.
“Justin and Selena are great. They still spend a lot of time together, but are being low-key about it,” the source says. “They attend church service together, have dinner and just hang out.”
In November, the pair's multiple public outings included going to church together twice in one day, attending one of Bieber's hockey games, and taking a leisurely bike ride together.
“[Justin] is set on proving that he is a better boyfriend,” the source added.
However, with Christmas fast approaching, the pair will be going their separate ways to spend the holiday with their respective families.
“Justin's family always loved Selena, but Selena's family is still not happy about her seeing Justin,” the source explains. “Selena doesn't bring Justin to any family events. Selena is spending Christmas with her family. As of now, Justin is not invited.”
Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty; Jeff Spicer/Getty
RELATED GALLERY: A Complete History of Justin Bieber & Selena Gomez's On-Again, Off-Again Relationship
The former couple, who dated on-and-off from 2010 to 2015, has been fueling relationship reconciliation rumors while spending time together in the wake of Gomez's split from The Weeknd.
Multiple sources previously told PEOPLE that Bieber and Gomez are still not officially back together and are focused on taking a more low-key approach to their relationship.
“They just backed off a little from being out there and are being a bit more low-key,” an insider shared with PEOPLE in November, adding that Bieber, 23, and Gomez, 25, are still not officially boyfriend/girlfriend yet “but it's getting close.”
WATCH: Justin Bieber & Selena Gomez Are ‘Figuring Things Out' But Not Boyfriend/Girlfriend Yet
In fact, Gomez has never been able to get over her first love.
“Justin was Selena's first love. He will always have a special place in her heart,” a separate source said. “She's always held out hope that one day the circumstances and timing would be right.”
Also last month, Gomez briefly explained her reunion with Bieber to Billboard. “I'm 25. I'm not 18, or 19, or 20,” she said. “I cherish people who have really impacted my life. So maybe before, it could have been forcing something that wasn't right. But that doesn't mean caring for someone ever goes away.”
And on Saturday, Bieber's mother, Pattie Mallette, raved about Gomez to PEOPLE, saying, “I don't know so much about their personal relationship because [Justin] doesn't share a whole lot, but I love her. I support anything [he does], if he loves her I love her, and I've met her and we have a special bond so I think she's precious.”
OTTAWA — The scorching heat wave that set records in Ontario and Quebec over the Canada Day long weekend can't be directly attributed to climate change — but neither can the likelihood of a connection be ignored outright, says a University of Waterloo climate scientist.
Suggesting the two aren't linked would be akin to arguing that no particular home run can be attributed to steroids when a baseball player on a hitting streak is caught doping, said Blair Feltmate, who's also the head of the Waterloo-based Intact Centre on Climate Adaptation.
While a single isolated event might be normal, there's little doubt that the world and Canada are together seeing more extreme weather events — patterns that can be attributed to climate change, Feltmate said.
"All the predictions illustrate that going forward in Canada, things are going to be hotter, wetter and wilder," he said. "It's not any particular year that matters. What matters is the overall, the long-term trend."
Globally, the world's average annual temperature is one degree Celsius warmer than it was a century ago, says Feltmate.
"You have to remember that the difference between the temperature we have on the planet today versus an ice age is only five or six degrees Celsius, so being up one degree Celsius over a period of 100 years is a really big deal," said Feltmate.
The Paris climate change agreement Canada signed in 2015 with the rest of the world aims to keep global warming at 2 C compared to pre-industrial levels. However, 1.5 C would be even better, scientists say. Canada's current plans to cut emissions are nowhere near sufficient; even if implemented — a prospect that's in serious doubt — the world will get 3 C hotter than it used to be by the next century.
A 2017 study in the journal Nature Climate Change found that about one-third of the world's population already lives somewhere where the daily temperatures are considered lethal more than 20 days a year.
Even with drastic cuts to greenhouse gas emissions in the next 75 years, that number is still expected to grow to 50 per cent of the population — or 75 per cent, including parts of Ontario and Quebec, if nothing is done at all. With limited mitigation, parts of India, Africa and South America would hit lethal temperatures every day of the year.
Canadians need to brace themselves for an influx of eco-migrants over the next century, Feltmate warned — people who are fleeing their homelands because they are simply too hot.
Jed Lowrie's three-run double rallies A's past Padres 6-2
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-13', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 13', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Ben Margot, AP Image 1 of / 13 Caption Close Image 1 of 13 Oakland Athletics' Jed Lowrie swings for a three-run double off San Diego Padres pitcher Clayton Richard in the sixth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. Oakland Athletics' Jed Lowrie swings for a three-run double off San Diego Padres pitcher Clayton Richard in the sixth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. Photo: Ben Margot, AP Image 2 of 13 Oakland Athletics' Stephen Piscotty slides to beat the tag of San Diego Padres catcher Austin Hedges, right, in the sixth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. Oakland Athletics' Stephen Piscotty slides to beat the tag of San Diego Padres catcher Austin Hedges, right, in the sixth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. Photo: Ben Margot, AP Image 3 of 13 San Diego Padres pitcher Clayton Richard looks at the scoreboard in the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Oakland Athletics Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. San Diego Padres pitcher Clayton Richard looks at the scoreboard in the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Oakland Athletics Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. Photo: Ben Margot, AP Image 4 of 13 San Diego Padres pitcher Clayton Richard works against the Oakland Athletics in the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. San Diego Padres pitcher Clayton Richard works against the Oakland Athletics in the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. Photo: Ben Margot, AP Image 5 of 13 Image 6 of 13 San Diego Padres' Freddy Galvis, right, is forced out at home plate as Oakland Athletics' catcher Jonathan Lucroy throws to first base in the third inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. Padres' Manuel Margot was safe at first base. less San Diego Padres' Freddy Galvis, right, is forced out at home plate as Oakland Athletics' catcher Jonathan Lucroy throws to first base in the third inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, ... more Photo: Ben Margot, AP Image 7 of 13 San Diego Padres' Travis Jankowski (16) and Cory Spangenberg, right, stand for the anthem between servicemen prior to a baseball game against the Oakland Athletics Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. San Diego Padres' Travis Jankowski (16) and Cory Spangenberg, right, stand for the anthem between servicemen prior to a baseball game against the Oakland Athletics Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. Photo: Ben Margot, AP Image 8 of 13 Oakland Athletics pitcher Chris Bassitt works against the San Diego Padres in the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. Oakland Athletics pitcher Chris Bassitt works against the San Diego Padres in the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. Photo: Ben Margot, AP Image 9 of 13 San Diego Padres' Manuel Margot, right, is congratulated by Cory Spangenberg (15) after scoring against the Oakland Athletics in the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. Margot scored on a double by Padres' Wil Myers. less San Diego Padres' Manuel Margot, right, is congratulated by Cory Spangenberg (15) after scoring against the Oakland Athletics in the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. ... more Photo: Ben Margot, AP Image 10 of 13 Image 11 of 13 San Diego Padres' Wil Myers swings for an RBI double off Oakland Athletics' Chris Bassitt in the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. San Diego Padres' Wil Myers swings for an RBI double off Oakland Athletics' Chris Bassitt in the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. Photo: Ben Margot, AP Image 12 of 13 San Diego Padres' Austin Hedges, right, is forced out at home plate by Oakland Athletics' catcher Jonathan Lucroy in the third inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. San Diego Padres' Austin Hedges, right, is forced out at home plate by Oakland Athletics' catcher Jonathan Lucroy in the third inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. Photo: Ben Margot, AP Image 13 of 13 Jed Lowrie's three-run double rallies A's past Padres 6-2 1 / 13 Back to Gallery
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Jed Lowrie loves the feeling of coming through with a clutch hit late to lift his team, and he just keeps showing a knack for it.
He is a big reason the A's are rarely out of games even when down by a couple of runs.
The Oakland second baseman delivered his 12th game-winning RBI after filling in beautifully at third base during Matt Chapman's absence, hitting a three-run double in the decisive sixth to help rally the Athletics past the San Diego Padres 6-2 on Tuesday night.
If that's not enough to make Lowrie an All-Star for the first time in an 11-year career and at age 34, manager Bob Melvin might just throw his hands up in disbelief.
"It would be the icing on the cake. I feel like I've been close a couple times and haven't been there," Lowrie said. "So that would be something I would always be able to say."
Mark Canha added a solo homer in the sixth and Chad Pinder connected in the seventh.
The's finally got to San Diego starter Clayton Richard (7-8). Pinder walked to start the sixth as the first five hitters reached base. Khris Davis followed Lowrie's double with a run-scoring single before Canha's 11th home run, after a double play.
Emilio Pagan (2-0) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win in relief of A's starter Chris Bassitt.
Chapman went 0 for 3 in his return from the disabled list after missing 16 games with a recurring right hand injury that began bothering him during the offseason. He had played in 149 straight games before the DL stint.
Wil Myers hit a run-scoring double in the fifth right after Eric Hosmer's RBI groundout got the Padres on the board.
Bassitt, who has just one win in five starts since being called up last month, escaped jams in the first and third innings as the Padres stranded five baserunners. The's made a pair of forceouts at home in the third, including first baseman Matt Olson's nifty throw after a backhanded stop.
Myers' double chased Bassitt. He was tagged for two runs on seven hits in 4 2/3 innings, struck out six and walked three.
Richard allowed five runs and six hits, walked a season-high five batters over six innings and struck out two in his second straight defeat.
"Defense picked me up early in the game but that's the story of it was just too many three-ball counts and then put too many guys on with the walk," Richard said.
Oakland, which had its six-game winning streak snapped Sunday by Cleveland, won for the 13th time in 16 games despite grounding into five double plays.
"As much as any team I've ever had, at least at this point, there's no panic when we're down," the skipper said.
Leadoff hitter Travis Jankowski had three hits for San Diego, which will conclude the short two-game series Wednesday having played 23 of its last 28 away from Petco Park.
BIG MAC HONORED
Padres bench coach Mark McGwire, a former A's slugger who spent his first 11 1/2 big league seasons in the East Bay before being traded to the Cardinals in 1997, was honored before the game as part of Oakland's 50th anniversary season festivities in a ceremony at home plate with team President Dave Kaval. Big Mac received his green No. 25 commemorative A's jersey and the Bash Brother tipped his cap to the cheering crowd.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Padres: RHP Jordan Lyles, scratched in the bottom of the first inning June 23 just before his scheduled start and on the DL with inflammation in his pitching elbow, played catch with the relievers and depending on how he felt afterward the Padres would decide when he is ready to throw off a mound. ... The Padres placed RHP Kirby Yates on the paternity list and recalled RHP Colten Brewer from Triple-A El Paso.
Athletics: RHP Trevor Cahill, who has an impingement in his throwing elbow, pitched in the Arizona League and is likely to make another rehab appearance Sunday or Monday before potentially joining the A's in Houston early next week. ... RHP Daniel Mengden (sprained right foot) threw a bullpen session and if all was OK by Wednesday the A's planned to send him to Triple-A Nashville for a rehab assignment. ... Oakland optioned INF Franklin Barreto to Nashville to clear roster room for Chapman's return.
UP NEXT
Padres: RHP Luis Perdomo (1-2, 8.36 ERA), a taxi squad player, will be called up Wednesday to make his fifth start of 2018.
Athletics: LHP Sean Manaea (8-6, 3.38) is coming off a masterful June during which he went 3-0 with a 2.84 ERA in five starts.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
CTV Atlantic
Residents of a neighbourhood in Moncton are speaking out about road safety after a dramatic crash sent three people to hospital on Saturday.
A small car and pickup truck collided at the intersection of Purdy and Argyle, crushing the front of the car and sending the truck flying into the front deck of a house on the corner.
First responders pulled three people from the vehicles.
“Relatively minor injuries, they were transported to hospital but released soon,” said Sgt. Mathieu Roy of Codiac RCMP.
But Sgt. Roy says the investigation is far from over.
“One of the vehicles, the driver was arrested for impaired driving. It's still under investigation, but charges will be pending,” said Sgt. Roy.
Though everyone seemed to escape serious injury this time, the incident has left many in the area feeling anxious.
“This is not the first time this has happened. It's happened quite a few times,” said neighbour Ryan Cooper. “There was another accident last summer here where someone was really injured and taken away right away.”
For those living around the busy residential road in moncton, it's not unusual to see scattered debris and remnants of car acccidents. But this one left a much more dramatic scene.
While impaired driving charges are expected to be laid, neighbours say speed is a common issue. The street connects a busy main road to the roundabout leading to the Moncton Coliseum and a popular recreation centre.
Residents would like to see more done to force drivers to slow down.
“They need to put stop signs so people don't keep going and think they can just go through, because it happens all the time and people are getting seriously injured,” said neighbour Carla Savoie.
“I think they should have a light going across, with red going to the left side and yellow for careful going this way. It would have saved a lot of here for sure at this corner,” said Ryan Cooper.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Cami Kepke.
JOHANNESBURG, April 3 South Africa's rand and government bonds started the week on the back foot as political uncertainty weighed on sentiment after last week's cabinet reshuffle that saw changes at the Treasury.
* At 0640 GMT, the rand traded at 13.4500 per dollar, 0.2 percent weaker from its New York close on Friday.
* New finance minister Malusi Gigaba signalled on Saturday he would oversee a redistribution of wealth to the country's black majority, as a row over the sacking of his predecessor laid bare bitter divisions within the ruling ANC party.
* Focus in the week also on Moody's credit ratings review due on Friday.
* Stocks were set to open higher at 0700 GMT, with the JSE securities exchange's Top-40 futures index up 0.24 percent.
* In fixed income, the yield for the benchmark government bond due in 2026 rose 9 basis points to 8.94 percent. (Reporting by Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
A number of Autism Units are expected to be built in Leitrim during this school term 2018/19.
Minister Richard Bruton informed the Dáil that 12 Autism Units will be built within Sligo/ Leitrim and Donegal this year.
Since 2011 the number of ASD special classes have increased from two to five in Co. Leitrim.
The new ASD classes will include five new Primary ASD classes and seven new Post-Primary ASD classes.
In Leitrim there are currently special units at St Patrick's NS, Drumshanbo, Drumshanbo Vocational School, Carrigallen Vocational School, Mohill Community College and St Clare's Comprehensive, Manorhamilton.
Minister Bruton was responding to a number of questions from Fianna Fáil Deputy Marc MacSharry on the subject. Deputy MacSharry also queried the number of applications received for September 2018 by the special education needs organiser based in Manorhamilton, and details on the plans to accommodate the applications in the respective schools and areas.
Minister Bruton outlined that the Department provides SNA support to over 12,000 extra pupils since 2011 and currently provides 13,400 resource teachers.
Since 2011, the increase in SNAs has been 3,545, including an additional 2,080 posts in the last two years.
The number of resource teachers has increased by 3,660 since 2011, including 1,600 additional posts in the past two years.
The number of special classes has risen by 712 since 2011, including 277 new classes in the past two years.
A professional report is needed before a child is placed in a special class.
He told the TD, “In schools where there are more applicants than places available a selection process may be necessary. This selection process and the enrolment policy on which it is based must be non-discriminatory and must be applied fairly in respect of all applicants. However, this may result in some students not obtaining a place in the school of their first choice.”
The National Council for Special Education (NCSE) advises parents to seek to enrol their child, by applying in writing, to the school/s of their choice as early as possible.
Details of all special classes for children with special educational needs are available on www.ncse.ie
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Richmond - In a game that more closely resembled basketball than football, Thomas Jefferson had their most prolific performance in well over 15 years in a 55-49 win against Glen Allen on homecoming.
Jalen Jackson had 295 yards rushing and 4 scores while quarterback Anwar Bradley added another 314 yards on the ground and 4 touchdowns. They were the only two players to carry the ball for the Vikings.
Glen Allen was led by Devon Flowers who had 355 yards rushing and 5 TDs. The Jaguars had 434 total yards on the ground.
The 55 points scored by the Vikings (3-3) are the most since at least 1999. They are on the road at Deep Run next week. Glen Allen falls to 1-5 and will host John Marshall in week 8
The Normanton Household Waste Recycling Centre at Welbeck will finally close next month, Wakefield Council has confirmed.
The closure is planned as part of the long-term waste contract in partnership with Shanks Waste Management.
The planning permission for the site at Welbeck expires in May 2018, therefore the facility needs to close to allow for it to be restored.
It will close on Sunday, September 17.
Coun Maureen Cummings, Wakefield Council's cabinet member for environment and communities, said: “Welbeck is the lowest used Recycling Centre and numbers of people using the site have been dropping recently.
“We have three excellent, modern Household Waste Recycling Centres in Glasshoughton, Wakefield and South Kirkby which have been designed to handle and recycle more of our customers waste.
“Opening hours have been extended at the three other sites during the summer months to handle any increase in demand and we will continue to closely monitor the facilities, with extra skips made available if required.”
Information leaflets will be distributed to over 30,000 properties located close to the site to provide details of the closure and to explain where alternative facilities are located.
This information is also being displayed at Normanton HWRC until its closure.
Following the closure, the council will be closely monitoring the Welbeck site to help deter flytipping, including the use of covert CCTV.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SEATTLE, Wash. - Seattle Police are asking for the public's help identifying a burglar who spent seven hours between midnight and 7 a.m. creeping around the back patio of a couple's home..
He was right outside their bedroom while they were sleeping on December 30th, according to KCPQ.
"It's kinda scary. Guy is right there outside the window. Who knows what he could have done?" victim Gary Laws said.
The thief stole clothing, a dog bed, and other items - after he used the couple's hot tub.
"That's creepy and really unnerving. It's not about the items, it's that this is not acceptable behavior for anybody. I don't care what their circumstances are. There are ways to do things and this is definitely not the way to do it," said Laws.
Slovakia's Prime Minister Robert Fico urged other European leaders on Monday to stop calling referendums on domestic issues, saying they posed a threat to the EU and to the euro.
Last June Britain voted in a referendum to leave the European Union and last month Italian voters rejected a constitutional reform plan. Right-wing, anti-immigrant parties in France, the Netherlands, Italy and elsewhere are demanding referendums on their membership of the EU or the euro.
“I am asking EU leaders to stop with adventures like the British and Italian referendums (…) on domestic issues which pose a threat to the EU,” said Fico, whose country handed over the rotating six-month EU presidency to Malta on January 1.
“Britain is not a eurozone country, Italy has a huge impact on the banking sector, the euro.
“What will we do if… there is a referendum in Italy on the euro and Italian citizens decide they don't want the euro,” Fico asked reporters.
In Slovakia the small far-right People's Party has started a petition to call a referendum on the country's membership of the EU and of NATO, though it is unlikely to pass. Even if the party raises the 350,000 signatures needed, legal rules require a 50 per cent turnout for the vote to be valid.
More than 90 per cent of Slovak voters on a turnout of 52 per cent voted for the country to join the EU in a 2003 referendum.
Slovakia joined the bloc in 2004 along with the Czech Republic and eight other, mostly eastern European nations.
* Investors await first round of France's presidential election
* Dollar edges vs yen as flight-to-safety bid eases
TOKYO, April 20 The dollar caught its breath in Asian trading on Thursday, holding above lows hit earlier this week as investors awaited this weekend's first round of voting in France's presidential election.
The dollar index, which tracks the U.S. currency against a basket of six major rivals, was slightly higher on the day at 99.752, moving away from a three-week low of 99.465 plumbed on Tuesday.
The euro edged up 0.1 percent to $1.07200, and was expected to tread water ahead of this weekend's vote.
Centrist Emmanuel Macron held on to his lead as favourite to emerge as the eventual victor, a closely watched poll showed, although it indicated that the outcome of the first round of voting on Sunday was too close to call.
Millions of French voters remain undecided, making this the least predictable vote in France in decades, and raising fears of a potential surprise result that could spread turmoil in markets.
"Some people thought, no way would Brexit pass, no way would Trump win," said Ayako Sera, senior market economist at Sumitomo Mitsui Trust.
"There have too many recent surprises, so investors are wary of taking positions," she said.
Data released early on Thursday showed Japan's exports rose in March at the fastest pace in more than two years, though fears of trade friction clouded the outlook.
Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso, who heads Japan for a newly-created bilateral economic dialogue with the United States, said on Wednesday that Japan has less room to compromise with the United States under a bilateral trade deal.
Against its perceived safe-haven Japanese counterpart, the dollar was up 0.1 percent at 108.99 yen, pulling away from five-month lows touched on Monday.
"There was a reversal of the recent flight-to-safety trend on Wednesday that we'd been seeing," said Bill Northey, chief investment officer at the private client group of U.S. Bank in Helena, Montana.
"You can see that reflected in the U.S. yield curve, as rates moved a bit higher after release of the Beige Book," he said, referring to the U.S. Federal Reserve's periodic report on the economy.
The benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury yield, which wallowed at five-month lows earlier this week, stood at 2.205 percent in Asian trade, edging up from the U.S. close of 2.202 percent on Wednesday.
The Beige Book showed the economy expanded at a modest-to-moderate pace between mid-February and the end of March, but inflation pressures remained in check despite more difficulties in attracting and retaining workers.
The Fed raised its benchmark interest rate in March for the second time in three months. But in recent weeks, weaker-than-forecast data on employment, consumer spending and inflation, as well as geopolitical tension in Syria and North Korea, have prompted investors to trim their expectations for two more hikes this year, according to interest rate futures.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday that the United States was looking at ways to pressure North Korea over its nuclear programme as North Korean state media warned the Americans of a "super-mighty preemptive strike" and said don't "mess with us."
Investors also remain concerned over doubts whether President Donald Trump's administration would be able to pass fiscal or tax reforms any time soon.
Sterling added 0.2 percent to $1.2797 after notching a more than six-month high of $1.2908 on Tuesday following British Prime Minister Theresa May's call for an early general election ahead of Brexit negotiations.
(Reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
THERE was a time when Barbara Joseph wanted the job done properly on one of her horses she would turn to John Scorse — the jockey forever remembered as the rider of the WA-based champion sprinter Placid Ark.
Fast Forward more than a decade and Joseph (and her son Paul Jones) have aligned themselves with Scorse's son, boom apprentice Patrick, who is entrusted with some key mounts at the Sapphire Coast showcase meeting, including Bega Cup fancy Almost Court.
THE WINX DEBATE: HER CHASE FOR IMMORTALITY
And while Patrick will be doing his thing in the saddle, his father, John, will be steering punters into all the winners as the on-course co-host of SKY Thoroughbred Central's coverage of the big day. No doubt he will hope to interview his son after a win in the Bega Cup.
SHAYNE O'CASS'S BEST BETS
SAPPHIRE COAST
BEST BET : ON THE FIDDLE (Race 2, No. 4)
Is a half brother to Pat Webster's beloved Happy Clapper, owned in the same interests, but this one is trained by Matthew Dale. On The Fiddle has done nothing wrong in his four starts with two wins and a sixth in the TAB Highway on his CV. Will be flashing home.
NEXT BEST : HE EKSCELS (Race 4, No. 2)
Is way down in class resuming here in a C4 having raced in the G1 SAJC Derby at his most recent outing (12th of 14). He won at Caulfield before that. Trainer has him pencilled in for the Brisbane winter carnival.
VALUE : SAYCANYOUSEE (Race 1, No. 1)
The cleverly named son of All American should take full advantage of barrier one in the 1000m sprint to open the Showcase meeting. He is very fast and was run down late by Kopi Luwak first-up at Moruya.
JOCKEY TO FOLLOW
Young gun PATRICK SCORSE has the book to make this the best day of his career with the real chance of winning the co-feature Sprint and Cup, and a few others, too.
QUADDIE
Race 5: 1, 2, 5, 6
Race 6: 1, 2, 3, 5
Race 7: 1, 7, 9
Race 8: 3, 5
SCROLL DOWN FOR SHAYNO'S EXTENDED PREVIEW & TIPS
MATT JONES'S BEST BETS
NARROMINE
BEST BET : ATTALEA (Race 2, No. 2)
Attalea can end his mini Narromine hoodoo here and is coming off a little break, which is a good sign, as he races well fresh.
BEST VALUE : MISS FISHER (Race 7, No. 6)
She can make this race her own if she gets a cushy time in front and Greg Ryan will give her every chance.
QUADDIE
Race 4: 3, 7, 13; Race 5: 2, 8; Race 6: 2, 4, 6, 8; Race 7: 6, 9
JOCKEY TO FOLLOW
MATHEW CAHILL has a good book and should boot at least one winner home.
TRAINER TO FOLLOW
BRETT THOMPSON looks threatening in a few races with his well-placed team.
*****
The younger Scorse is yet to taste defeat aboard the New Zealand recruit, winning all four times by a combined margin of over 10 lengths.
Indeed, the son of five-time Group 1 winner Alamosa delivered Scorse his career highlight when they combined to win the Narooma Cup at Moruya on January 8.
A known leader in his races, Almost Court's barrier draws at his wins under Scorse have been one (twice), two and four. On Sunday, they will jump from 12 (minus any scratchings), but it's still not enough to dampen Scorse's confidence in the gelding.
Camera Icon Co-trainers Paul Jones and Barbara Joseph will chase more cup glory at Sapphire Coast on Sunday. Picture: News Limited
“We are quite happy to have that outside gate,'' Scorse said. “It's a long run to the first corner and it will suit him well.
“If he draws in close, he's got to get out and get to the front nice and early to establish his run and his dominance in the race, but this time we can jump out and let him cruise up. By the time he rolls across, he should either be just outside the leader or in the lead himself if the speed isn't genuine enough.
“He's had a month between runs and he's really putting the wind up himself and getting a bit toey in his trackwork so he is keen to get back to the races, and I am keen to take him there.''
Scorse will also have the job on Athonis in the SERA Championship Preview (1400m) and the up-and-coming three-year-old Tyres Are Crucial, who resumes in the Bega Bobcats Class 2 Showcase Plate (1200m).
Scorse's services were also snapped up by Luke Pepper, who will saddle-up city winner Marquee in the Showcase Sprint (1200m).
“I am sure Lukey has got him right,'' Scorse said. “I galloped this horse on Tuesday and felt everything that Luke had been telling me about him.''
Camera Icon Noel Callow has a string of good rides at Sapphire Coast. Picture: Getty Images
INSIDE MAIL with SHAYNE O'CASS
RACE 1 (1.20pm)
All American son 1. Saycanyousee is a very quick horse who should be able to take full advantage of barrier one here for jockey Noel Callow. Turned in a great run first-up when run down late by the handy Kopi Luwak. 4. Waiting For A Mate was a noted drifter ($7 to $17) on debut but did a good job to hold his ground until the end. Drawn two, he has plenty of pace, too. 3. Izzy Good trialled well before his even debut at Queanbeyan. Wiser for the outing.
BETTING STRATEGY : SAYCANYOUSEE to win.
RACE 2 (1.55pm)
Happy Clapper's half-brother 4. On The Fiddle is a talented horse. Has been a shade unlucky at times but when things go his way, he gets the job done. Has won first-up over this trip before; he'll be rattling home. 2. Halliday Road has impressive numbers at the venue, five starts 3-1-0. On top of that, he is 2s 1-1-0 at the Sapphire Coast over 1000m. Major player. 1. El Vee Are is a Gwenda Markwell-trained gelding who is invariably close-up.
BETTING STRATEGY : ON THE FIDDLE to win.
RACE 3 (2.30pm)
9. Not Bossy is another great ride for Noel Callow. The Joe Cleary-trained mare is banging on the door for a win. Should be her day here. 3. Opera Tickets gets back in his races but has been hitting the line over 1200m each time, so the step up to 1400m on the big track is ideal. Go well. 6. Bay Of Modena and former Nick Moraitis galloper 4. The Potato Pontiff is in the mix.
BETTING STRATEGY : NOT BOSSY to win; Box trifecta 2, 3, 6, 9.
RACE 4 (3.05pm)
2. He Ekscels is a very promising horse who is first-up here since finishing 12 of 14 in the G1 SAJC Derby over 2500m on May 13. Mail is he's headed to Queensland this winter for the carnival, and why not? He looks a horse with a decent amount of scope. 3. Athonis is proven round these parts and never runs a bad race. Placed in a Highway two runs back. Nicely treated after Patrick Scorse's claim. 4. Territorial and 5. Titaness are ultra-consistent.
BETTING STRATEGY : HE EKSCELS to win.
Camera Icon Zafina will be hard to beat in the Bega Showcase Sprint. Picture: AAP
RACE 5 (3.40pm)
Patrick Scorse has another nice ride here for the Joseph/Jones combination in 5. Tyres Are Crucial. The gelding has barely put a hoof out of place, finishing with a first or second at four of his five outings. First-up here but bound to be ready, and he did bolt in on debut. 6. Can't Find Snippy was placed at Canterbury first-up this campaign. Fast forward to last start and the mare was beaten a nose at Moruya by 2. Exaggerate.
BETTING STRATEGY : TYRES ARE CRICUAL to win.
RACE 6 (4.20pm)
5. Zafina collected $151,000 last start when she won the Magic Millions Country Cup on the Gold Coast. That was straight after he second placing in town. Class is her strong point and she showed some genuine versatility to win at the GC. If 2. Marquee is ‘ready' and ‘backed', he'll probably win this. He has a very astute trainer in Luke Pepper. Monitor the markets. 1. Old Man Sam and 3. Wonderbolt are contenders.
BETTING STRATEGY : ZAFINA to win; Quinella 2, 5.
RACE 7 (5pm)
Patrick Scorse can maintain his unbeaten record on 1. Almost Court; he made it four from four when they did a Might And Power job on their rivals in the Narooma Cup. This horse has the perfect running style and we know he is very strong at the end of his races. Drawn a bit a wide but the camp don't seem at all perturbed. The aptly-named 11. Let It Roll is the one that Scorse will be looking at early to see who leads and how fast they go. Big chance. 9. Akiko Gold stays under notice.
BETTING STRATEGY : ALMOST COURT to win; Box trifecta 1, 7, 9, 11.
RACE 8 (5.35pm)
Noel Callow can bookend the big Showcase meeting with a win in the last aboard the Matthew Dale-trained 5. City Of Kirkwall, who is aiming for the hat-trick after wins at Canberra and Moruya. He had 30 starts in Singapore before coming to Dale for whom he is ‘3311'. Put a line through 3. Fireman Sam I Am's run in town last start. His form is otherwise rock-solid and compelling. Big improver. 6. Red Viking should run well.
BETTING STRATEGY : CITY OF KIRKWALL to win.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Mattel Inc shares reversed course to rise as much as 10 percent on Friday, as investors looked past the toymaker's “ugly quarter” in the all-important holiday period to the management's confident tone on the turnaround efforts.
The company's shares dropped 7 percent premarket, after dipping as much 11 percent in extended trading on Thursday following the company's surprise quarterly loss.
“An ugly quarter, as expected,” D.A.Davidson analyst Linda Weiser said in a note, but added that she did not expect 40 percent of the decline in gross margin to recur in 2018.
Faced with weak demand for its brands such as Hot Wheels and Barbie due to a shift among children toward videogames and electronic toys, the company had stepped up efforts to cut costs, streamline its portfolio and pull back inventory from retailers.
But the bankruptcy of major customer Toy ‘R' Us in September threw a spanner in Mattel's works.
Mattel warned in October that the bankruptcy would cause it to miss its full-year revenue forecast and forced it to suspend its dividend to free up cash.
“We've taken the opportunity to make the tough decisions in 2017 to set the foundation for continued progress on our transformation in 2018,” Mattel CFO Joseph Euteneuer said on a call with analysts on Thursday.
The efforts seem to be paying off.
Mattel said it ended 2017 with retail inventory for key brands down over 20 percent and expected sales growth to more resemble point-of-sale growth going forward.
“We believe MAT took the necessary steps in 4Q to clean up inventory and enter 2018 in a better position, and believe they will likely now turn a corner on performance,” B. Riley analyst Susan Anderson wrote in a note.
Analysts also highlighted management's expectation to achieve 40 percent of the $650 million of cost savings planned over two years, up from one-third previously.
Investors also cheered Barbie's first sales rise in five quarters, with the iconic brand up 9 percent during the holiday sales quarter.
“Barbie, Hot Wheels and Thomas & Friends growth is expected, but leaves over 70 percent of the business still struggling,” wrote Jefferies analysts, who cut their price target to $12.50 from $14.00.
The results come at a time when Mattel's shares have been buoyed by chatter of a takeover by Hasbro Inc. However, Mattel has snubbed the previous offers.
Mattel is expected to provide more details at its analyst meeting on Feb. 16. (Reporting by Uday Sampath and Vibhuti Sharma in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
President Donald Trump says a GOP memo declassified on Friday "totally vindicates" him in the Russia probe.
Scroll for more content...
In a Saturday morning tweet, Trump denied any collusion or obstruction and called the investigation "an American disgrace."
"This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe," Trump tweeted Saturday morning. "But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!"
On Friday, Trump approved the public release of a memo spearheaded by GOP House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance authority.
The highly controversial memo alleges that then-Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe told the House Intelligence Committee that no surveillance warrant would have been sought for a Trump campaign aide without a disputed opposition research dossier on Trump and Russia. The memo is the most explicit Republican effort yet to discredit the FBI's investigation into Trump and Russia, alleging that the investigation was infused with an anti-Trump bias under the Obama administration and supported with political opposition research.
The memo tries to connect what Republicans believe was a flawed application to monitor former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page to the overall counterintelligence investigation into potential collusion between Russians and the Republican campaign.
But the memo undermines its own argument about the application being overly reliant on the dossier. It notes that the application also included information regarding Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos, suggesting there was intelligence beyond the dossier in the Page application.
The FBI issued a rare public warning on Wednesday that the memo omits key information that could impact its veracity. Democrats, meanwhile, have slammed the memo as an inaccurate and misleading portrait intended to undermine Mueller's probe and disputed what the memo concluded about McCabe's testimony on the dossier as the basis for a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant.
There are currently several investigations into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia, but Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion with Russia in its efforts to influence the 2016 election.
© REUTERS/ RONEN ZVULUN Israeli Police to Question Prime Minister on Graft Suspicions
PRAGUE (Sputnik) — Netanyahu is to be questioned on suspicion of having accepted valuable gifts from businessmen, both Israeli and foreign.
Other media outlets said that some of the gifts were given to the members of the prime minister's family.
Last week, local media reported that Attorney General Avichai Mandelblit approved a full criminal investigation against Netanyahu. The Israeli prime minister has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing.
On December 30, 2016, Netanyahu said the accusations were "baseless," adding that the investigation would "come to nothing."
BERLIN German Chancellor Angela Merkel was appalled by the attack on a bus carrying players from football club Borussia Dortmund (BVB) on Tuesday, her spokesman said on Wednesday.
"The chancellor was last night, like people in Dortmund, like millions everywhere, appalled by the attack on the BVB team bus," spokesman said Steffen Seibert told a government news conference.
"One can only be relieved that the consequences were not worse," he said, praising Dortmund fans for lodging AS Monaco fans after their Champions League match was postponed until Wednesday evening.
Seibert added that investigators were doing everything in their power to track down the perpetrator, or perpetrators.
(Reporting by Joseph Nasr and Paul Carrel)
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)Earlier in the day, the EU parliament voted in favor of the deal by a margin of 408 to 254. This means a possible provisional entry into force of most CETA clauses within months despite a lack of ratification from all EU member states.
"Despite today's vote, the ratification of CETA by all of Europe's parliaments is still the most unlikely outcome. But the disconnect between MEPs and public concerns over living standards, public health and the environment is another blow to the EU, just when its principles of solidarity and cooperation are most needed," Shira Stanton, the Greenpeace EU trade policy adviser was quoted as saying in a statement.
The environmental organization expressed concern over the rollback of social and environmental rights on both sides of the Atlantic with politicians acting in the interest of corporations.
CETA aims to establish a free trade zone between Canada and the European Union, though it has been criticized in Europe. Opponents fear it would undermine standards and regulations on environmental protection, health, safety and workers' rights.
The deal was signed in late 2016 by Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, European Council President Donald Tusk and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker. The European Commission, pressured by France and Germany, has stated that the agreement would also have to be ratified by all 28 EU member states, as well as the European parliament.
The agreement encountered difficulties when being ratified by Belgium due to opposition from the Walloon parliament. Belgium finally gave its signature after the federal government agreed to ask for a European Court of Justice ruling on the controversial Investment Court System (ICS) proposed by the treaty. The clause would allow multinational corporations to sue states and may be incompatible with EU law.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)Gazprom CEO Alexey Miller and CNPC Chairman Wang Yilin held a working meeting in Beijing earlier in the day, the company said in a statement.
"The sides summarized the elaboration of major technical issues and today reached an agreement on transitioning to a commercial stage of negotiations on this project," Gazprom said.
Additionally, preparations are underway on the construction of a cross-border section of the Power of Siberia pipeline, the company stated.
The sides also signed an agreement on the geological and technological study of an underground gas storage facility in China.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - Senate Republicans on Wednesday are planning a permanent rule change that would shorten the time allowed for Democrats to stall consideration of nominations submitted by President Donald Trump, Senator Roy Blunt told reporters on Monday.
"Tomorrow in the Rules Committee we will mark up the rule that would return us to the time limits that the Senate had in 2013 and 2014," Blunt stated while flanked by other Senate Republican leaders.
© AP Photo / Andy Wong Senators Request $1.5Bln to Enhance US Presence in Indo-Pacific, Counter China's Rise
Blunt noted that 78 senators voted in 2013 to approve a rule limiting debate on most nominees submitted by then-President Barack Obama to eight hours for senior officials in cabinet-level departments and two hours for District Court judges.
That rule expired with the end of the 113th Congress at the beginning of 2015, but Blunt said this time the rule change would be permanent.
If approved, a Senate vote on US Secretary of State nominee Mike Pompeo expected later this week could be the first taken under the new rules.
"Mike Pompeo should be confirmed, he should be confirmed quickly," Senator John Thune said. "It is only partisan politics [by] the Democrats that are slowing down this entire process to try to prevent President Trump from putting his team together."
Barrasso said at the current pace, it would take more than nine years to approve all Trump nominees for positions such as federal judgeships, ambassadors and senior agency officials including Cabinet secretaries.
Barasso added that Democrats' use of the full 30 hours of debate allowed under present Senate rules — even for non-controversial nominees — makes it impossible for lawmakers to deal with a backlog of pending legislation.
The proposed rule change would retain the 30-hours allowed for debate on US Supreme Court and Appellate Court nominees.
Urbana City Council will vote during its 6 p.m. meeting today in municipal court chambers on whether to enter into two contracts supported by city administration. One involves improvements to the downtown roundabout and the other relates to the ongoing floodplain study of Dugan Run (Ditch).
The administration seeks council's approval to authorize Director of Administration Kerry Brugger to enter into a contract modification with Burgess & Niple Inc. for an additional $132,718 for work relating to the Monument Square Roundabout Improvements Project, scheduled to be completed in 2019.
While a portion of proposed contract costs would be funded by an Ohio Department of Transportation Highway Safety Grant ($51,682.60), the remaining costs would be the responsibility of the city and would be covered by two city funds – the Water Fund ($19,778.86) and the Capital Improvement Fund ($61,256.40).
Council agreed in December 2016 to pay Burgess & Niple $24,797 for field survey work and basemapping and to gather public input concerning the project. An ODOT Highway Safety Grant covered 90 percent of the costs of the initial agreement, while the city's share of $2,479.70 was funded through capital improvement dollars.
Floodplain work
The administration also seeks council's approval to modify an existing contract with EMH&T by incorporating additional professional services in the amount of $21,500 for completion of the final phase of a three-phase floodplain study of Dugan Run.
With the first two phases (data collection and hydraulic analyses) completed, the third phase, if approved, would involve the submission of a Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) Letter of Map Revision.
By Joshua Keeran [email protected]
Joshua Keeran may be reached at 937-508-2304 or on Twitter @UDCKeeran.
Joshua Keeran may be reached at 937-508-2304 or on Twitter @UDCKeeran.
CTV Atlantic
The RCMP has released a new photo of a missing man as they continue to scour an area of Cape Breton.
Colin Joseph Beaton was last seen leaving a cottage in Harbourview, N.S., at 2 a.m. Saturday.
Police have issued a new photo of 31-year-old Beaton in the hopes that someone may recognize him.
While Beaton is wearing glasses in the photo, police say he wasn't wearing them when he was last seen. Police say Beaton has difficulty seeing without his glasses and he may be disoriented.
The RCMP and a number of ground search and rescue teams have been searching near Port Hood for Beaton since he was reported missing. An RCMP underwater recovery team is assisting in the search, along with air and ATV resources.
Beaton is the cousin of Allan MacMaster, the Progressive Conservative MLA for Inverness. MacMaster told CTV Atlantic that Beaton isn't dangerous, but he does have a history of mental health issues, and may be in a vulnerable state.
MacMaster said they believe Beaton may be travelling south along the coast, between Port Hood and Judique, and the family is asking residents to check their properties and vehicles and keep an eye out.
Beaton is described as a white male with red hair. He is five-foot-eleven inches tall and weighs 160 pounds.
He was last seen wearing a grey hoodie, jeans, and rubber boots.
Anyone with information on his whereabouts is asked to contact the Inverness RCMP or Crime Stoppers.
Joanna Gaines released her first cookbook on Tuesday, and it's an accomplishment even she couldn't have predicted.
The Fixer Upper star and author of Magnolia Table: A Collection of Recipes for Gathering tells PEOPLE that similar to her career in home design, she “never set out to have a cookbook.”
“I never set out to get the opportunity to share my recipes with the world,” she says. “That was never something that I put down as a dream.”
In fact, Joanna's first go at home cooking didn't go so well. In Magnolia Table, Joanna tells the story of how her husband Chip disliked her attempt at making her mom's spaghetti because they didn't taste like his mom's spaghetti. “I almost choked on my noodles,” she writes in her debut cookbook.
But the designer, who is pregnant with the couple's fifth child, says the opportunity to improve in the kitchen was what motivated her.
“That first time that I cooked dinner for Chip and he really ticked me off, that set me back a little bit but then eventually I got over it and was like, ‘Hey, I mean I gotta try my hand at this,'” she tells PEOPLE. “So I think that's why I have such a heart for it is that I really feel like this isn't something that you have to be amazing at. It's just the idea of getting after it, trying it, being okay with failing, but then there's so much more reward.”
Want the ultimate dish on the latest celebrity food news, plus exclusive recipes, videos and more? Click here to subscribe to the People Food newsletter.
After much “trial and error,” Joanna put together the collection of 125 recipes, including a few of Chip's favorites like strawberry shortcake, chicken pot pie, and scalloped potatoes, which the pair showcased on an appearance on Today on Tuesday morning.
“It's not these unapproachable or really hard recipes; it's just really good, classic recipes that hopefully families will love and will become their favorites as well,” says Joanna.
RELATED VIDEO: In PEOPLE's The Best of HGTV Special Edition Get Up Close with Your Favorite Renovation and Real Estate Stars
During their Today segment, Chip also revealed that he's been loving his wife's new pregnancy curves.
“Prior to my relationship with Joanna, I always dated slightly bigger-boned girls,” said Chip. “So whenever Jo's pregnant, it's kind of my thing. It's kind of my jam.”
Joanna, who celebrated her 40th birthday with doughnuts last week, was ready to quickly change the subject. “Let's talk about chicken pot pie,” she said, laughing.
Richard Di Natale says Greens members calling on him to resign are entitled to their views, but he's not going anywhere.
The senator's leadership is under pressure after Labor won the Batman by-election in Melbourne, where the Greens were the bookmakers' favourite.
Three-time co-convenor of the West Australian Greens, Grahame Bowland on Monday publicly called for Senator Di Natale to quit.
"What have we got, 15,000 members or so? Everyone's entitled to their view," Senator Di Natale told reporters on Tuesday.
"We (recently) had our first member of the lower house elected in Queensland, we had a doubling of our representation in Western Australia."
But the Queensland Greens have said their success came after they focused on local issues and ignored the national campaign lines.
Senator Di Natale said an investigation into internal fighting in the Batman campaign was "taking shape".
He has promised to purge the branch of anyone who leaked bullying complaints about candidate Alex Bhathal.
Mr Bowland said it wasn't the first time the leader had suppressed dissent, and wouldn't be the last.
"We would have to be fools to think that Richard's call for a purge is in any long term sense limited to those allegedly responsible for the alleged leaks in Batman," he said on Facebook on Monday.
Hudayfah al-Badri, identified as a son of Islamic State (ISIS) leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, was killed in Syria, according to a news outlet claiming to speak on behalf of the terrorist group.
ISIS announced al-Badri's son's death via statement, saying he died fighting “against the Nusayriyyah [Alawite Shiites] and the Russians.” Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad is of the Alawite sect, likely making this use of the term a reference to his loyalists.
#ISIS says its leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi's son, Huzeifa al-Badri, was killed fighting #Syria & #Russia troops in rural #Homs. He looks very young. pic.twitter.com/XEpPM5nj35 — Charles Lister (@Charles_Lister) July 3, 2018
The statement, which has also surfaced as a graphic online, appears to depict someone identified as al-Badri carrying a firearm and describing him as a martyr. It reads:
HUDHAYFAH AL-BARDI (MAY ALLAH ACCEPT HIM) THE SON OF THE KHALIFAH (MAY ALLAH SAFEGUARD HIM) HE WAS KILLED IN AN INGHIMASI OPERATION AGAINST THE NUSAYRIYYAH AND THE RUSSIANS AT THE THERMAL POWER STATION IN IN HIMS WILAYAH.
The Long War Journal describes inghimasis as “well-trained guerrilla fighters who are prepared to die in battle” but try to fight and kill as many people as possible with weapons before conducting a suicide bombing or attack.
“Hims Wilayah” appears to be a reference to Homs province, Syria, according to Long War Journal: “The Islamic State has repeatedly clashed with Syrian and Russian forces in Homs province and elsewhere. The two sides have fought for control of the ancient city of Palmyra (which has changed hands multiple times), natural gas fields, and military bases. The Islamic State also claims to have downed a Russian helicopter near Palmyra.”
Follow Robert Kraychik on Twitter.
The highly-anticipated blockbuster film "Black Panther" is apparently not eagerly awaited by everyone.
While fans have been buzzing with excitement for the Marvel movie's February 16 opening, a group has been trying to organize others to flood Rotten Tomatoes with negative reviews about the film.
Related: 'Black Panther' premiere has fans super excited
Using the hashtags #DCOverMarvel and #BringDownDisney, a Facebook event was set up for February 15 to 24 and listed as being hosted by "Down with Disney's Treatment of Franchises and its Fanboys."
The purpose of the event as stated was to "Give Black Panther a Rotten Audience Score on Rotten Tomatoes."
It's not clear how many users responded to the event before it was removed from Facebook, but some reports put the number at 3,700. CNN has reached out to Facebook for comment.
The rivalry between DC and Marvel fans is pretty legendary and Marvel movies have historically done better than DC ones.
But given that "Black Panther" has an all black cast and the storyline includes themes of race, many are seeing the move as more nefarious than just a friendly rivalry.
Related: Black superheroes are having a moment
Rotten Tomatoes provided CNN with a statement in which the company said, "We at Rotten Tomatoes are proud to have become a platform for passionate fans to debate and discuss entertainment and we take that responsibility seriously."
"While we respect our fans' diverse opinions, we do not condone hate speech," the statement went on to say. "Our team of security, network and social experts continue to closely monitor our platforms and any users who engage in such activities will be blocked from our site and their comments removed as quickly as possible."
So far, enthusiasm about the forthcoming film does not appear to be dampened.
According to Fandango, "Black Panther" has already outsold all other superhero films in pre-sale tickets.
Related: 'Black Panther' is outselling every previous superhero film in advance ticket sales
The movie broke Fandango's pre-sale ticket record for Marvel Cinematic Universe films in its first 24 hours, a record previously held by 2016's "Captain America: Civil War."
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
A room dedicated to ice cream cones was part of the original Museum of Ice Cream in New York. A new version is coming to L.A. on April 22.
New York got the first scoop, but L.A. is now getting its own sweet version of the Museum of Ice Cream.
And when it opens here on April 22, people can dip into a sprinkle pool, check out a melted popsicle jungle and of course enjoy scoops of ice cream.
“Really the Museum of Ice Cream is this combination of museum, a theatrical experience, ice cream shop and kind of wild discovery world,” said Manish Vora, who co-founded the pop-up art and food installation with fellow New York ice cream enthusiast Maryellis Bunn.
The L.A. version of the museum, which will mix 10 interactive ice-cream inspired installations with curated ice cream tastings, opens in the Arts District Saturday and runs through May 29.
“We're combining all the different elements of ice cream,” Vora said.
And if the New York version is any indication, this cool experience will be one hot ticket.
The original Ice Cream Museum opened in New York last summer and sold-out its month-long 30,000-ticket run in five days and had a waiting list of more than 200,000 people.
The New York version included things like an ice cream cone room, an ice cream sandwich swing, a chocolate room with a chocolate fountain and the main attraction, a swimming pool full of colorful rainbow sprinkles, although they're not real edible sprinkles.
The L.A version will be four times bigger than the New York version and according to museum officials it will have be made up of mostly completely new installations.
But they are being tight-lipped about the details for the L.A. museum, only offering hints of a few highlights like a “banana split” area made up of 10,000 “bananas”, a mint “grow house,” a room dedicated to California and the sprinkle pool.
“We don't really give a lot of details, because a lot of the fun is discovering,” Vora said.
Of course, eating ice cream will also be part of the experience since the museum will include a rotating “scoop of the week” from various ice cream companies like Salt & Straw and Coolhaus.
“I think it's great that this is bringing such an awareness of what's happening now in the ice cream world and in L.A.,” said Natasha Case, CEO and co-founder of the L.A.-based Coolhaus.
For Salt & Straw co-founder and ice cream maker Tyler Malek, being part of the museum is pretty much a dream come true.
Advertisement
“When I heard about it in New York, it was my number one dream to go, but I didn't make it,” said Malek, who makes his own ice cream from his Boyle Heights kitchen.
“For me there's so much about ice cream that's just magical,” he said. “It feels like they're really trying to capture that in a really cool visual way. They're capturing it with so many different senses.”
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. — Teal Bunbury scored on a penalty kick in the 88th minute as the New England Revolution tied Atlanta United 1-1 on Wednesday night.
New England (5-4-4) has one win in its last five games — with two straight draws. Atlanta (8-3-2) had won four straight on the road.
Krisztian Nemeth drew the late foul in the corner of the penalty box after capitalizing on a defensive turnover. Atlanta goalkeeper Brad Guzan chose the right direction but Bunbury found the upper-right corner. Guzan was given a yellow card for kicking the ball into the stands after the goal.
Josef Martinez opened the scoring for Atlanta in the 23rd minute by redirecting Julian Gressel's cross. It was Martinez's league-leading ninth goal of the season.
A growing national activist movement called the Poor People's Campaign will host its first rally in Springfield on Monday, June 4, around environmental issues.
Michaelann Bewsee, executive director of Arise for Social Justice in Springfield and one of the chairs of the Massachusetts arm of the Poor People's Campaign, said the rally would take place at 1 p.m. at Court Square.
“We'll be joined by some folks from Boston and elsewhere in Massachusetts,” Bewsee said Wednesday. “We happen to be working hard on environmental justice issues in Springfield with limited success, I must say.”
Bewsee said Springfield was recently named the most challenging place to live with asthma in the country by the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America, and that is directly linked to environmental issues.
“These are big issues for us here and I just don't think enough is being done in Springfield,” Bewsee said.
Bewsee added that poor people and people of color are often disproportionately affected by bad environmental conditions.
Tatiana Cheeks, who will speak at the event, said that part of the issue with asthma in Springfield is mold.
Cheeks said her son was treated for asthma, but she later learned he didn't actually have the condition, and that he presented asthma-like symptoms due to living with poor air quality.
It was only after her doctor learned her son had been exposed to poor air quality that the condition improved, she said.
“Mold is affecting poor people because they are the tenants,” she said. “Landlords are the ones that can fix the problem, but if they don't want to spend the money, the tenants are the ones suffering.”
Tatiana believes that 15 percent of those who believe they are suffering from asthma in Springfield are actually experiencing symptoms of living with poor air quality.
“Awareness is the key for everything,” Cheeks said. “For the Poor People's Campaign, we need awareness and we need people talking about it.”
She said in addition to this rally, a new committee called the Mold Action Committee, will soon be established in Springfield.
For Bewsee, level funding public transportation in the state budget may exacerbate the issue due to the Pioneer Valley Transport Authority having to make cuts.
“On a federal level, they don't take any environmental issue seriously, but locally and statewide there are things that can be done,” Bewsee said.
Bewsee said that 42 percent of all households in Springfield make less than $25,000 in income, and that nationwide 40 percent of people could not handle a $400 emergency without selling something or borrowing.
She is glad that the Poor People's Campaign is connecting people in poverty across the nation. The movement includes people of color and also white people, she said.
The majority of folks who walk in our door are African American and Latino, but 25 percent are white people,” she said.
In addition to the June 4 event, Bewsee said there will be a June 23 gathering on the topic of poverty.
For more information, visit https://www.arisespringfield.org.
Dave Eisenstadter can be reached at deisen@valleyadvocate.com.
Related Posts
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
© AFP 2017/ CARSTEN KOALL Access Denied: US Mulls Blocking Chinese Investment in Artificial Intelligence
US officials are considering restrictions on Chinese investment in Silicon Valley because of concerns that Beijing could use technology developed in the US to get the edge in the military and intelligence fields.
According to an unreleased Pentagon report, China's interest in areas such as artificial intelligence and machine learning, which have increasingly attracted Chinese capital in recent years, are of particular concern in Washington.
The US government's Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) has been circumvented by China, via transactions such as joint ventures, minority stakes and early-stage investments in start-ups, the report says.
Intelligence expert Andrei Masalovich told Sputnik China that China's increased cyber capabilities have been decades in the making, and the US is doing too little, too late to stem this development.
"The Americans have woken up, albeit too late. They needed to recognize 20 years ago that China was aiming for world domination," Masalovich said.
Key areas of advancement in IT include artificial neural networks, which carry out information processing in ways akin to a living brain, and computer algorithms capable of machine learning.
"These solutions work well in the military sphere. First of all, this allows the automatic definition of goals, automatic targeting. If that is done well, there is only more step to take before the sniper's rifle can pull the trigger itself. A human only needs to give the order."
"Today there are already rifles which are using a Linux operating system. The rifle chooses the target itself and asks a human whether to pull the trigger."
"The Americans understand that the winner today is the person who takes the final half-step towards almost fully automated weapons. This applies not only to tactical weapons but to weapons of mass destruction and any type of combat management or situation control. China is now completing a whole range of tasks in this area and is probably going to claim the title of new leader, not just one of several world players," Masalovich said.
Chen Fengying of the Chinese Institute of Modern International Relations told Sputnik China that US officials' stated concerns about national security conceals real anxiety about competition from China in the IT sphere, particularly with respect to artificial intelligence.
"I believe that the US's biggest concern is that it may fall behind China in the new round of global competition in IT, especially in the field of artificial intelligence. The so-called problem of US national security is just a kind of pretext. Today, there is very strong global competition in the information technology sphere, the new industrial revolution has already started."
© AP Photo/ Mark Lennihan Apple Taxes Content Creator Tips, Enraging Chinese Users
"The US fears that China is going to overtake them so they are using the problem of national security as a pretext to limit Chinese investments in Silicon Valley. In reality, China's cooperation with Silicon Valley companies is already developing comprehensively and American partners are also aggressively entering the Chinese market. Of course, American players have a very significant motivation – a state with a nascent market in the field of intellectual property, technology. A lot of effort is being made in other spheres of high science and technology to catch up with those who are ahead. This situation puts the US, as a developed country, under intense pressure."
Alexander Lomanov of the Russian Academy of Sciences' Far Eastern Institute told Sputnik that there is another explanation for the US attempt to stem China's advances in the IT sphere.
"There is another explanation – this [the US restrictions] is the pretense of great activity in a situation where it is practically impossible to take real counter-measures."
"China, of course, is interested in foreign technology and US technology is also interesting for them. But China is also investing a lot of resources in its own technology; it is paying serious attention to the development of an innovation economy. In any case, I think that in 10-15 years the development gap won't be an issue for China, it will have the basic technology and the ability to develop it independently."
"Of course, the Americans don't want the Chinese to be developed technologically. But today there is a global society and apart from America there are a lot of centers of technological development. In particular, cutting-edge technology is also being developed in Israel; China could also enter into some kind of partnership there," Lomanov said.
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
WINONA – Montgomery County's real property values increased by $1.77 million this year, due to increases in all types of property except personal property.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The YAZOO HERALD.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://bit.ly/1B095Lm
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://bitly.com/1wHXqwM
In a nearly five-hour meeting on Monday night, May 21, Albion's Downtown Revitalization (DTR) Committee selected 40 downtown projects to receive funding in the new facade improvement program.
The committee is working with a total of $414,450, which includes a federal Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) and Albion Economic Development Corp. (AEDC) matching funds.
A total of 52 grant applications were received, totaling more than $672,000, so the committee was faced with paring the projects to fit the available funds.
Initially, the program's intent was to provide a maximum of $15,000 per eligible project. However, due to the number of projects and the scope of work, the maximum grant allocation was reduced to $12,000.
The committee provided the following explanation of methodology used in the selections:
After review of the projects, the committee found that some applications included ineligible activities such as interior work or non-permanent improvements. After these activities were removed, applications represented a total of $647,957, creating an initial funds shortfall of $233,507.
Due to the funds shortfall, the committee eliminated four requests from applicants who had submitted multiple applications for the same building/facade for the same business use, even if the same business was spread across multiple parcels. Each eliminated application was added into what the committee considered the applicant's primary application. This reduced the shortfall of available grant funds to $184,580.
Read the complete story in the May 30 Albion News & Petersburg Press, Print and E-Editions.
US-EU Trade War: Old Allies, New Rivals?
Our final topic, picked by you, dear listeners, earlier in a poll on our Facebook page, is “US-EU Trade War: Old Allies, New Rivals?”, focusing on the chances for a US-EU trade war.
The imposition of new "America First" tariffs and Trump's remarks about having "a lot of problems" with the EU's trade policy have made people worry that these two allies might soon enter into a trade war. Trump had already returned from Davos when an interview that he gave to the UK's ITV News with Pierce Morgan aired on Sunday, in which the American President bellowed the following implied threat that deserves to be repeated in full:
"I've had a lot of problems with European Union, and it may morph into something very big from that standpoint, from a trade standpoint. We cannot get our product in. It's very, very tough. And yet they send their product to us — no taxes, very little taxes. It's very unfair. They're not the only one, by the way. I could name many countries and places that do. But the European Union has been very, very unfair to the United States. And I think it will turn out to be very much to their detriment."
The EU wasn't going to take any of this laying down, which is why a representative of the European Commission issued a strong retort when he said the following:
"For us trade policy is not a zero sum game. It is not about winners and losers. We here in the European Union believe that trade can and should be win-win. We also believe that while trade has to be open and fair it also has to be rules-based. The European Union stands ready to react swiftly and appropriately in case our exports are affected by any restrictive trade measures by the United States."
In what many would have imagined was the realm of political fantasy prior to the 2016 election, Trump's Presidency has now put the US and the EU on the path of an all-out trade war. Having contrasted his vision of "economic nationalism" with the EU's one of globalization while speaking to the international elite in Davos, the American leader now seems to proverbially be "putting his money where his mouth is" and taking steps to fulfill his promise that the US will rework all of its trading relationships in order to make them reciprocal and more equal, even if this leads to an economic war with its EU military ally.
Sergio Borg, Italian political commentator, and Fernando Martinez, Independent news analyst from the US, joined our discussion.
Want to sound off and share what you think about this? Send us an email at radio@sputniknews.com or find us on Facebook!
After her glorious Grammy sweep on Sunday night, Adele woke up to a #BoycottAdele hashtag, with many Beyoncé fans questioning her "unfair" win over their idol. But calls for a boycott are scarcely new for Adele. Last year, after she endorsed Hillary Clinton for president, Trump supporters launched a similar hashtag. Buffeted by the competitive politics of the right and left, the English singer will likely think longingly back to the uncomplicated very first #BoycottAdele hashtag that trended briefly in 2015 after the release of her hit single "Hello."
It had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with tea.
The millions of fans who have watched the music video of "Hello" know that a steaming cup of tea has a central role to play in providing succor to the singer's lovesick heart.
Artfully stained with sepia and loss, the retro video opens with a deeply depressed Adele walking into a shut-up house enrobed in dustcovers. Outside, it's wickedly cold and blustery. Inside (her broken heart) the temperature's pretty tundra-like too. So while she lavishly mourns the loss of her coffee-drinking lover in song, Adele does what the English do when things look bleak. She pops the kettle on. There's a delicately patterned china cup and saucer waiting to be filled. So far, so good.
Then, the singer does something absolutely shocking. She pours hot water into the cup and then pops in a tea bag. Instead of the other way around, of course. This casual switching of steps was an outrage and nothing short of tea treason. British twitter sputtered with indignation.
How reassuringly English. A country that has fought two opium wars with China to protect its precious tea supply takes the beverage very seriously.
Ask the man who is the au currant hero, George Orwell. He may have fought totalitarianism all his life, but when it came to making a pot of tea, it was his way or the highway. His popular essay, "A nice cup of tea," is an 11-point disquisition on how to achieve just that. Orwell would have been horrified by Adele's – and the modern streamlined style of – tea-making. Not merely by the presence of a teabag but by the absence of a teapot. "If the tea is not loose in the pot it never infuses properly," he declaimed. In order to get a good infusion, one "should take the teapot to the kettle, and not the other way about. The water should be actually boiling at the moment of impact, which means that one should keep it on the flame while one pours."
As for that other great anti-totalitarian Brit, John Lennon, he could imagine a world without heaven and religion, but not without tea – brewed the right way, of course. A few years ago, his widow, Yoko Ono, wrote a piece for The New York Times called "The Tea Maker," in which she affectionately recalled their midnight tea-making kitchen trysts. "Yoko, Yoko, you're supposed to first put the tea bags in, and then the hot water," John would admonish her. And so Ono allowed him to make the tea his way. But, for tea purists, there's an unfortunate twist to this story. As Ono tells it:
One night, however, John said: "I was talking to Aunt Mimi this afternoon and she says you are supposed to put the hot water in first. Then the tea bag. I could swear she taught me to put the tea bag in first, but ..." "So all this time, we were doing it wrong?" "Yeah ..." We both cracked up...
So Adele should take heart. She has the great Beatle on her side. But though once a committed tea drinker, Adele has given up her 10-cups-a-day habit. Not because of the tea trolls but because of the pounds she was putting on from the heavily sugared cups.
Meanwhile, her "Hello" video has launched a range of "Hello, it's tea" merchandise and several cheeky parodies, including changing the soulful line of Lionel Richie's 1983 hit, "Hello," to "Hello, is it tea you're looking for?" In another very funny send-up, an English radio presenter rewrote the lyrics to make tea the star. So instead of belting out "Hello from the other side," we have:
Where the hell's my cup of tea? My ginger nut needs dunking see Have you even turned the kettle on? I should have had it by now But all my biscuits are gone I love tea It's me and tea.
On Sunday night, after an awkward, overwrought but sincere-sounding acceptance speech in which she nervously lavished praise on Beyoncé, Adele accidentally broke her trophy in half. As if it were a ginger nut biscuit she was dying to dunk into a cup of tea. With all of those boycott hashtags, she could certainly do with a cuppa.
Nina Martyris is a journalist based in Knoxville, Tenn.
THE Philadelphia 76ers are investigating whether team president Bryan Colangelo used Twitter accounts to anonymously trash his own players and other executives and defend himself against fan and media criticism.
The five accounts took aim at Philadelphia players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz, former Sixers general manager Sam Hinkie, Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel, according to a report by The Ringer website.
Colangelo acknowledged using one of the accounts to monitor the NBA industry and other current events but said he wasn't familiar with the other four and didn't know who was behind them.
"The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter," the Sixers said on Wednesday in a statement.
"We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded."
Embiid, the 24-year-old All-Star centre, tweeted that he didn't believe the report.
"I don't believe the story. That would just be insane," he wrote.
Kendall Jenner has sparked rumors she's dating Australian basketball player Ben Simmons. The West Australian Kendall Jenner has sparked rumors she's dating Australian basketball player Ben Simmons.
The Ringer said in its report it has been monitoring the accounts since February, when it received an anonymous tip.
The site said it does not know the source of the tip but archived and monitored the tweets and found connections between the accounts.
The Ringer said it initially asked the Sixers about just two of the five accounts to see if anything would change with the other three after its query and the same day the other three accounts were made private.
Colangelo was hired as president of basketball operations for Philadelphia in April 2016. He served as Toronto's general manager from 2006-2013.
The son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo, he stepped in with the Sixers after Hinkie resigned.
He lost his GM job in Toronto after the Raptors missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season and Ujiri took over basketball operations.
According to The Ringer, one of the Twitter accounts it connected to Colangelo downplayed Hinkie's role in the franchise's turnaround.
It also lamented in another post that Ujiri hadn't done anything to make the Raptors better.
Another account accused Embiid of "playing like a toddler having tantrums" and one criticised Fultz for his work with his "so-called mentor/father figure".
Ex-Luton captain Scott Cuthbert doesn't think there will be any less pressure on the Hatters now they have made it back into League One for the first time in a decade.
During their three years in League Two, Town had been expected to win promotion at the start of each season, going desperately close during the 2016-17 campaign, beaten in the play-offs, before getting the job done last term.
If they have a good start, get going, get a few results, I think the fans will be expecting them to push the bigger teams. Scott Cuthbert
Any thoughts that the expectation level amongst supporters would decrease ever so slightly with Luton in the third tier of English football was brushed aside by the defender, who left the club earlier this month, as he said: “Playing for the Luton fans for the past few years, I doubt that, I genuinely doubt that.
“They do expect a lot and I think they'll be expecting the team to do well, especially if they have a good start, get going, get a few results, I think the fans will be expecting them to push the bigger teams.”
The 31-year-old doesn't think that another season of success is beyond Town's capabilities either having seen how they won promotion from League Two, as he continued: “I can't see why not. I know the gaffer, I know the way he works, he's intense, he's driven, he wants to win things, he wants to be successful and I can't see him settling for mediocrity and mid-table.
“I think he'll be wanting to push on and will want to try and sign the best that's available in that league.
“I think he will, and I fully believe Luton will be up there challenging next season.
“I don't know if they'll be up there in the top two as there are some big teams in that league, some exciting away games for the fans to go to, but I certainly believe they'll be right up there challenging.”
The determination to achieve success has been something that Cuthbert learned to get used to after arriving from Leyton Orient in the summer of 2015, as he felt there was no extra onus on having to go up this term.
He continued: “For me, this was my third season, you just kind of learn to deal with the expectation.
“Even in my first year, under John Still, the fans expected us to be promoted, so when you're a club the size of Luton in League Two, there's always that expectancy that you're going to be up there challenging.
“Genuinely the third year when we came back in pre-season, I didn't feel it anyway. There was no real added expectation or pressure, because it was already there and we expected that from ourselves as well.
“So there was certainly no added pressure, we knew what we wanted to achieve, we set that out early doors and thankfully we achieved it.”
Cuthbert freely admitted that he hadn't been at his best during his first season with the club, but believes he won the Town fans over and was quick to praise the impact they had too, saying: “My first year at Luton never went to plan.
“I started the season well, but towards the end of John Still's reign I was poor, I was very poor.
“I hit a real bad patch of form and then it wasn't until Nathan Jones came in that I started putting in the performances.
“But the fans have been great, it's ridiculous the amount of fans we take to away games.
“Wycombe games are always good, Stevenage games are good, they travel and fill the stands and it's certainly unique in this division.
“You don't get a lot of teams that take that following. The manager mentioned it at the end of season parade, how well they supported us this year and they'll fully support the club next season as well when they go to places like Sunderland which are five, six hours up there, they'll definitely take a couple of thousands up there.”
Although he didn't feature in the final game either, just on seeing the scenes at Notts County, Cuthbert added: “Fantastic, you go up there and there's four and a half thousand fans who are not really bothered about the result, they're there to have a party and enjoy themselves.
“It was great hearing them from the warm up right to the end, it was fantastic seeing them at the end and giving them all a clap, saying goodbye and fantastic to see that atmosphere. To have supporters like that and for them to turn up in their numbers, it's fantastic for the club.”
[India], Mar 19 (ANI): Two IndiGo aircraft were grounded on Monday due to a technical glitch.
An A320 (non neo) aircraft operating Cochin-Mumbai and another A320 (non neo) aircraft operating Mumbai-Goa, had technical snag detected during departure. Both aircraft were immediately withdrawn for rectification.
"Issues in An A320 (non neo) aircraft operating Cochin-Mumbai and another A320 (non neo) aircraft operating Mumbai-Goa have been rectified and aircraft are back in operation," read an official statement.
"Out of 2000 plus flights in past 48 hours we detected 5 technical snags and out of these only one aircraft has been grounded. Rest four aircraft are back in operation," it added. Earlier on Sunday, three Indigo aircraft were grounded within 24 hours owing to technical glitch as well as fuel leakage. On March 13, Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) grounded 11 Airbus 320 Neo aircraft owned by Indigo Airlines and Go Air following multiple instances of engine-related problems. (ANI)
[India], Feb 3 (ANI): Prime Minister Narendra Modi has reached Guwahati to inaugurate the Global Investors' Summit -'Advantage Assam' on Saturday.
The Prime Minister was received by Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal, along with other officials.
The two-day event, starting today, will showcase the state's manufacturing opportunities and geostrategic advantages to foreign and domestic investors.
The Summit has been organised by the Assam Government, in association with the industry body the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI), aiming to position the state as India's Expressway to Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) countries.
There are a number of focus sectors, identified by the state, which includes agriculture and food processing, organic farming, bamboo, handloom, textile and handicrafts, inland water transport, riverfront development and logistics. (ANI)
Senate may keep some Obamacare taxes in U.S. healthcare overhaul
Washington, June 15 Republican senators trying to repeal Obamacare are forming consensus to keep some of the U.S. healthcare law's taxes they long criticized, in hopes of delaying more drastic funding cuts, particularly to the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled.
SAN DIEGO – The body of one of the three Marines from Southern California killed in a recent military plane crash will arrive in San Diego Tuesday morning.
Sgt. Chad Elliott Jenson, 25, a decorated Marine and newlywed was aboard a plane that crashed on July 10. Sgt. Jenson was one of 16 service members killed when their KC-13T transport plane crashed in rural Mississippi.
Jenson was a critical skills operator and awaiting his first deployment based out of Camp Lejeune, North Carolina.
Volunteers with Long Beach-based Honoring Our Fallen are organizing a processional to El Camino Memorial Park in Miramar, urging well wishers to line Carroll Canyon Road Tuesday before 11 a.m.
“The past 30 days have been such a whirlwind of emotion. It hasn't really set in yet,” said his cousin Treasha Thomas. “He worked so hard to get to where he was and achieve so much in his young life. It's an honor to me to have him honored in this way.”
Jenson is survived by his parents Robert and Susan Jenson, his brother Michael, sister-in-law Courtney, wife Jessica and stepson Jackson. ​
A local attorney says officers of the court find themselves targets during domestic dispute more often than you'd think.
A local attorney says officers of the court find themselves targets during domestic dispute more often than you'd think.
Holly Hefton is a long-time Family Law Attorney in downtown Oklahoma City. She said the gunshot murders Tuesday of Attorney Bryan Young and his client Cayann Patterson by Patterson's estranged ex-husband illustrates the danger attorneys and even judges can face.
2/8/17 Related Story: Records Show Violent, Fraudulent Past For Norman Double-Homicide Suspect
“I've been called ever name in the book. I've just recently had to have a sweep of my car by my investigator because an opposing party threatened to put a GPS tracking device on it for some reason,” said Hefton.
Hefton said her downtown office staffs a full-time licensed staff investigator who carries a gun. She also said attorneys take security precautions at their homes too.
× ‘Firefall' optical illusion lights up Yosemite National Park
YOSEMITE NATIONAL PARK, Calif. — It's the time of year for the mesmerizing phenomenon “firefall” to illuminate Horsetail Fall in Yosemite National Park.
The natural effect gives the illusion that bright orange lava is flowing off the cliff at the park in California. This magic trick is a natural occurrence that only happens for a couple of weeks each February and draws hundreds of visitors each night.
The “firefall” comes to life when the angle of the setting sun causes light to hit the waterfall just right; making for some amazing Instagram-worthy photos.
“The waterfall is bigger than it has been in a long time due to all the rain and snow we have received,” said National Park Ranger Scott Gediman.
“It has gained popularity the last few years due to social media,” he said. “People come from all over the world to see this.”
Looking to test out your photography skills?
If you want to capture the yearly spectacle, the park's website suggests the best view is from the park's El Capitan picnic area. Make sure you get there early, before the park gets crowded.
“I've seen a few photographers get here at 9 a.m. to claim their spot for the sunset,” Gediman said. “All we ask is you be respectful to the park and make sure what you packed … you pack up and take out.”
He also suggests visitors bring food, water, a change of clothes and tire chains, because of the weather conditions.
Photographer Ray Lee, who made the trek to the park this weekend, faced tough weather to make it there.
“This trip almost didn't happen due to the crazy road conditions at Yosemite,” he posted on Instagram. “For those that plan on going to see this, be careful since there has been so much water that some of the roads are falling apart.”
Need to know the road or weather conditions?
Gediman said the park has that covered with a 24-hour hot line: 209-372-0200.
Scroll for more content...
The basketball shoe's back on the other foot.
Back when, L.A. was hot. Cleveland was not. Laker basketball was cool. Cavalier basketball was cadaver-cold.
Then came LeBron James, first in 2003, and then again in 2014.
The switch flipped. Now Cleveland rocked. A place where guys could really play ball and where other guys wanted to play ball. La La Land sucked. A place where Cleveland played against Lonzo Ball and put up with his loudmouthed old man LaVar Ball.
Then came Sunday.
And here goes LeBron James—to LA.
The greatest basketball player in the world (Golden State Warrior objections to this statement welcome) is joining the greatest basketball franchise in history (Boston Celtic objections to this statement welcome), leaving his native Northeast Ohio behind again to pick up the pieces and start all over without him.
"King James," as he has been dubbed, agreed Sunday to a four-year, $153.3-million contract with the Los Angeles Lakers, with whom he expects to spend the remainder of his career. At 33, James has already completed two tours of duty in his native Northern Ohio, once leaving Cleveland to bask in Miami's capital-H Heat, now again leaving to go west.
Around and around we go.
Did a local legend "betray" his home team? No, because the fact is, LeBron James did not owe Ohio his entire life's work just because he grew up there. He gave of himself body and soul for the fans of the Cleveland Cavaliers, for which they should be eternally grateful and make him always welcome to come for a visit, even with a visiting team. Thanks for the memories, as Bob Hope, once a part-owner of Cleveland's baseball team would have sang.
LeBron James saved one basketball team and is now reviving another one.
This is how it goes in basketball:
Back when the Cavaliers were born, the Lakers were already established in the league. The Lakers won a half-dozen NBA championships during their original years in Minneapolis (thus the team name), and featured a star-studded procession of icons in L.A., including Jerry West, Elgin Baylor, Wilt Chamberlain, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Magic Johnson, Shaquille O'Neal, Kobe Bryant and more.
Cleveland's team, on the other hand, was nowhere. In its first season (1970-71), its record was 15-67. In the years to come, a fan would have to traverse a two-lane blacktop to remote Richfield, Ohio, to watch a roster of unknowns plays a Cavalier home game.
Meanwhile In L.A., the 1971-72 team was about as good as it gets. L.A.'s record that season was 69-13. Very rare indeed was there an off-year; the organization would produce 16 championships, 11 retired jersey numbers, multiple Hall of Famers and statues of its stars surrounding its arena.
Courtside seats were super-expensive and a status symbol. Visiting teams' players often shot the breeze on the sidelines with actor Jack Nicholson, or could check out other celebrities and supermodels in the second and third rows.
And when a rare downturn occurred, as in 1996, the team's management knew how to correct it. Exploit the advantages of living in L.A., scout out new talent, reboot. L.A. = remakes.
So that summer began with Jerry West, then the Lakers' general manager, persuading the mighty Shaq to leave Orlando and change coasts, signing him as a free agent for a then-gaudy $120 million. And when the Charlotte Hornets drafted a 17-year-old star of tomorrow, one Kobe Bryant, the next thing we knew, West was somehow convincing Charlotte to trade the kid to L.A.
Once upon a time, if you loved a lovable bunch of losers like the Cleveland Cavaliers or the Golden State Warriors, you watched the NBA playoffs without much of a rooting interest. Or maybe you took up that popular chant of "Beat L.A.!" as so many did, sick and tired of the Lakers, Lakers, Lakers, again and again and again.
But then came LeBron James.
Suddenly it was a whole new ballgame. The 21st century provided the hoop world with a whole new set of superheroes. For example, Steph Curry and later Kevin Durant turned the Golden State Warriors into, well, warriors. Teams like theirs needed to stockpile as many superstars as possible in order to cope with whatever team LeBron was currently on, whether it was the Cav cadaver he reanimated or a Miami franchise that was moribund until James decided to move there.
James gave the Florida folks a taste of success and then, his work there done, returned home to Ohio to take care of some unfinished business. Cleveland, its feelings hurt by his departure, forgave James pretty quickly once he gave the Cavs a holy grail of their own. A championship trophy.
By the middle of the current decade, before each NBA Finals, fans coast-to-coast were actually complaining, hilariously: "Oh, no .... not the Cavaliers and Warriors again!"
Whereas, way out West, how the mighty had fallen.
The Lakers weren't the Lakers anymore, any more than Jack Nicholson was Jack Nicholson anymore. They stopped winning championships the way he stopped making movies. Descendants of the dearly departed owner, Dr. Jerry Buss, commenced a family feud for control of the team. Magic Johnson, who played for the Lakers, briefly coached them and bought a piece of them, was asked to restore them to their former glory.
Baby steps began. High draft choices, a result of lousy seasons, provided new names, none of them wonderful. Magic and the Lakers even sought magic by risking a very valuable draft pick on Lonzo Ball, a kid with one year of college under his belt and a father who seemed to believe he knew more about professional basketball than anybody IN professional basketball did. A superstar this kid was not, so the Lakers continued to lose.
But they had one big hope:
LeBron James seemed to be torn between two places, Cleveland and La La Land.
As his contract with Cleveland expired and he became a free agent, the rumors flew. LBJ owned a home in L.A. and wouldn't mind being there full-time. He had given the Cavaliers all he had. He could give the Lakers what he has left.
There would be no pressure to bring a forlorn franchise its first championship. If he could revive the Lakers, great. If not, well, they would appreciate his putting them back on basketball's A-list.
No more a cast of mere supporting players. Now a true, genuine star.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
[India], July 4: The enchanting surroundings and hymns of the mantras!
This provides an ideal location to practice yoga - a way of life which harmonizes the body, mind and spirit.
In recent years, yoga has become popular in the West, inspiring an increasing number of people to come and study it in India in traditional settings.
Salvatore Eros Gencarelli, a chef based in Italy came to India to practice yoga and achieve spiritual enlightenment.
"I decided to come to India because I am a spiritual researcher and I feel that here in India the spiritual research if practiced in discipline and practiced daily its really respected and supported by people and institutions", said Salvatore Eros Gencarelli.
Yoga gains worldwide popularity after the United Nations declared June 21 as the International Day of Yoga. To mark the occasion every year since 2015, the Government of India organizes the mega International Day of Yoga across the country. Rashmi Verma, Secretary, Tourism, Government of India said "The idea being that we would push this image of India as the birthplace of yoga and all efforts have been made, done lots of publicity to that and attract more and more tourists through our international campaigns and through others initiative tours as well". The Government of India runs many institutions in the country which teaches yoga by offering short-term and diploma courses. The Morarji Desai National Institute of Yoga, an autonomous organization under the Ministry of Ayush, in New Delhi has students from parts of India and abroad. Dr. Ishwar V. Basavaraddi, Director of Morarji Desai National Institute of Yoga said, "In the western world, people go for disco, they go for various activities, weekends - that is the material pleasure that they are giving, but there is a inner inherent need to having an internal pleasure, its inherent in every individual. Yoga emphasizes in that inherent inner core where you satisfy yourself". There are several ashrams, retreats and places of yoga across India where foreigners can stay and practice Yoga. Located on the banks of River Ganges in Rishikesh, the Parmarth Niketan Ashram attracts many foreigners. Sadhvi Bhagawati, who was raised in an American family in Hollywood, California, has been living permanently at Paramarth Niketan since 1996. "I came with a backpack just taking a couple of months on a vacation from school, but on the banks of Ganga, something so powerful happened, so divine happened that I knew this is where I need to stand, said Sadhvi Bhagawati Saraswatiji. For centuries, India has been a mystical land of meditation and enlightenment where spiritual traditions flourished and still continue to inspire. Yoga is an ancient Indian science of exercise and healing which continues to attract its followers from across the world. (ANI)
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)Contacts between Russia and Saudi Arabia are developing and expanding at various levels, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov said Tuesday.
"Indeed, there is a deepening of mutual understanding between our countries, contacts are taking place at all levels," he said during a meeting with the head of The King Salman Center for Humanitarian Aid and Relief.
According to Bogdanov, the two countries have excellent contacts "in all directions."
"I am pleased that at the level of our foreign affairs departments, our ministers, we also have good contacts, and we are looking forward to a visit by the delegation from Saudi Arabia in the near future," he said, without specifying the level of a delegation.
On Monday, a delegation from the Russian parliament's upper house, headed by its speaker Valentina Matvienko, concluded a three-day visit to Saudi Arabia, where it held meetings with the country's top officials. According to Matvienko, Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud may visit Russia by the end of 2017.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
NORTHERN Territory Police could face a compensation claim for wrongful arrest by a man who has been in custody for three months over the alleged rape of a baby girl but Acting Assistant Commissioner Tony Fuller says he “stands by” the original arrest.
A 24-year-old man was charged in February, days after the alleged rape in Tennant Creek.
He has been in custody since that time until his release on Wednesday.
On Monday, a 25-year-old man was charged with rape in relation to the alleged incident.
Charges against the first man were dropped on Wednesday.
Mr Fuller said he continued to have faith in Tennant Creek police.
A compensation claim for wrongful arrest by the 24-year-old man was a “possibility”, he said.
“We stand by the original arrest. The arrest was made on the evidence that we had at the time and goes to show we don't stop an investigation because a person is under arrest and we consider all the evidence,” he said.
Mr Fuller was unable to say if the man now under arrest had been out in the community since the time of the alleged rape.
He said the matter was still under investigation, but did not say whether the first man was part of that ongoing investigation.
The 25-year-old will face court July 26.
MILWAUKEE -- (AP) Kyron Cartwright totaled 15 points and eight rebounds and his steal with three seconds left in the game helped Providence outlast Marquette 77-75 on Saturday.
Maliek White made 1 of 2 free throws with 27 seconds left to give the Friars (15-8, 6-4 Big East Conference) a 75-71 lead. But Jalen Lindsey fouled Markus Howard, who leads all Division I players with a 94.3 shooting percentage at the free-throw line. Howard sank a pair to pull the Golden Eagles (13-10, 4-7) within 75-73 with 21 seconds remaining.
Alpha Diallo was fouled and hit both of his free throws to stretch Providence's advantage to four, but Howard buried a jumper with six seconds left to cut the deficit back to two. Greg Elliott fouled White, who missed both of his foul shots, Elliott grabbed the rebound and passed to Howard near midcourt. Howard turned to head up court, but Cartwright poked the ball away and the Friars claimed the victory.
Howard, who finished with 16 points and nine rebounds to pace Marquette, scored a school- and Big East-record 52 points in the Golden Eagles' 95-90 overtime win at Providence on Jan. 3.
Diallo topped the Friars with 16 points, while Isaiah Jackson added 13 points and seven rebounds.
VANCOUVER - A stunt woman has died following a motorcycle accident on the set of Deadpool 2 in downtown Vancouver.
The accident occurred just after 8 a.m. on Monday.
Witnesses say the woman was filming a stunt when she lost control of her bike, jumped a curb and crashed into Shaw Tower across from Canada Place.
She was treated by ambulance personnel but police say she died at the scene.
Her name has not been released.
Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds expressed his condolences to his crew member's family and friends.
Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds expressed his condolences for the death of his crew member.
“We're heartbroken, shocked and devastated... but recognize nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain her family and loved ones must feel in this moment," wrote Reynolds on social media. "My heart pours out to them...."
Deadline.com reports that the stunt driver, who was not wearing a helmet, was a motocross rider who was doing her first film as a stunt performer.
"We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of Deadpool 2this morning," 20th Century Fox spokesman told Deadline. "Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time."
A motorcycle remains on the ground in front of a shattered-out glass window at the back of Shaw Tower. Vancouver police have taped off the area.
Stunt gone wrong at Canada place. Motorcycle stunt driver went into Starbucks. Non responsive. @WhatsFilming pic.twitter.com/TaB4yThBOh — JerFree (@jerfree) August 14, 2017
WorkSafeBC says they have five officers investigating.
Two officers are investigating to see if there are any immediate health or safety concerns, while three other officers are investigating the cause of the fatality and future prevention, said WorkSafeBC spokeswoman Trish Knight Chernecki.
Findings on any immediate health or safety concerns could be available within several days, while the investigation on the cause usually takes longer, said Chernecki.
Sharmina Kermalli said she had just walked into a Starbucks next door to where the accident happened when she heard a loud crash.
She ran out of the coffee shop and saw a woman lying with her body inside and her head outside the building.
Glass was still falling on the woman, Kermalli said.
“I was thinking, what if I was just five seconds (later),” she said, explaining that she had just walked by the spot where the crash happened.
Allan Webber was among those who came to the accident scene to watch as investigators assessed the scene then uprighted the stunt bike with its crumpled front tire.
"It's like a cursed corner," Webber said of the area, noting that just the day before the crash, one man died and two were injured in a bus accident down the street, and in 2013, actor Cory Monteith died in a neighbouring hotel.
Webber said he had previously watched the stuntwoman successfully complete a ride down Thurlow Street.
Nathan Kramchynski works on the seventh floor of the Shaw Tower and said he had been watching rehearsals of the stunt at the Vancouver Convention Centre.
The stunt woman had been riding the motorcycle down a set of stairs from the convention centre and stopped when she reached the street, he said.
When the accident happened, the driver appeared to pick up speed, crossed the street and swerved to avoid pedestrians before disappearing from his view, said Kramchynski.
“She lost control really quickly. It happened in a split second,” he said. “She was going full throttle and then there's a building there.”
He said a fire truck and police cars arrived “instantly.”
“The response was actually incredible,” he said.
The ambulance remained at the scene for about 15 or 20 minutes before leaving, he added.
According to Global News, whose TV crew witnessed the accident, the rider successfully completed the stunt four times but on the fifth try she encountered trouble with the throttle and lost control of the bike.
Deadpool 2, the sequel to the 2016 Marvel Comics blockbuster from 20th Century Fox starring Vancouver actor Ryan Reynolds, has been shooting in Vancouver since June 26. The film crew closed down downtown streets last week to film sequences involving motorcycles and scooters.
Domino, a female character played by actress Zazie Beetz, was spotted riding a black Ducati motorcycle down Hastings Street. It was the same model of motorcycle involved in Monday's accident.
Jason Cameron, a business agent with the Union of B.C. Performers said it's not known if the stunt woman was one of their members.
The UBCP represents 6,000 people who work as actors, stunt performers, singers, and voice actors.
“We're waiting for more information to come in. We would have had members on set,” said Cameron.
He said a union representative headed out to the set after hearing news of the accident. Trauma counselling will be available, he said.
Cameron said despite today's tragic accident, performing stunts is very safe.
“The nature of stunt performing is it is very dangerous but we are also talking about skilled and trained stunt performers who perform these very dangerous stunts in a safe way,” he said.
“These very complicated sequences and stunts happen on film sets all the time. (Accidents are) pretty rare considering how often stunts like this are performed. It's exceedingly rare which is a test to the skill level.”
Cameron said Deadpool 2 is a “stunt-heavy” production.
It's not the first tragedy to hit the B.C. film industry.
In 1998, local stuntman Marc Akerstream was killed when he was struck in the head by a piece of flying debris while observing an explosion on the Squamish set of the TV show The Crow: Stairway to Heaven.
Two years earlier in Squamish, 32-year-old Vancouver stuntman Keith Perepelkin died on the set of the movie Firestorm, after his parachute failed to open during a jump from a helicopter.
Last month in Atlanta, stuntman John Bernecker died on the set of The Walking Dead after he fell head-first onto concrete instead of on padding meant to cushion his roughly 7-metre fall from a balcony. His death was believed to be the first stunt-related fatality on U.S. soil in 20 years.
Meanwhile, in May of 2016, Hollywood actor Dylan O'Brien suffered a concussion and multiple facial fractures after a stunt went wrong on the set of Maze Runner: The Death Cure in Cache Creek.
WorkSafeBC put the blame for O'Brien's injuries squarely on 20th Century Fox, saying the production company "failed” to ensure the safety of workers on the Maze Runner set.
Monday's crash occurred just metres away from the site of Sunday's fatal bus accident. A charter tour bus loaded with passengers hit three people — killing one and injuring two others — on Canada Place Way, between the Convention Centre and Canada Place.
Deadpool 2 is scheduled to be released in theatres on June 1, 2018.
With files from Gord Hoekstra, Matt Robinson, The Canadian Press and The Associated Press
sbrown@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/Browniescott
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
On Monday's Breitbart News Daily, Breitbart News Senior Editor-at-Large Peter Schweizer discussed President Trump's appointment of former Alabama Congressman Spencer Bachus to the board of directors for the Export-Import Bank.
SiriusXM host Alex Marlow noted that Bachus, a Republican, holds the unenviable distinction of being the only politician Andrew Breitbart called upon to resign during his lifetime:
LISTEN:
Schweizer recalled that Bachus was chairman of the House Financial Services Committee during the 2008 financial crisis, when he “did a massive amount of option stock trading.”
“The trading was done with inside information that he was getting on briefings,” said Schweizer. “He ended up doing very, very well. Most option stock traders, who are betting that the market's either going to go up or going to go down, 75 to 80 percent of them don't make money or they lose money. It's a very risky investment strategy.”
“Spencer Bachus did extremely well, and here's why. I'll just give you one example,” he continued. “September 18, 2008, is sort of a monumental moment in the 2008 financial crisis. That's when Hank Paulson, the Treasury secretary, and the head of the Fed, Ben Bernanke, went to Capitol Hill to meet with a handful of senior congressmen, including Spencer Bachus. It was a secretive meeting, and what they did was, they made all of the congressmen put their phones away in the corner because they didn't want anybody recording the conversation or texting anybody about it. According to Paulson in his memoirs, he painted an apocalyptic vision of what was coming down the pike. He said, ‘Look, the stock market could lose half of its valuation. We could have a massive failure of banks, et cetera.'”
“That was on the evening of September 18. The morning of September 19, what did Spencer Bachus do, knowing that this apocalypse might be coming down the corner? He shorted the market. He bought $50,000 worth of shares in something called ProShares UltraShort QQQ, which is a leveraged buy, betting that the market would go down. Now, this isn't much of a bet because he's been told by the Treasury secretary the night before that this is probably going to happen. And of course, Spencer ended up making a lot of money as a result of this,” said Schweizer.
“When this came out in my book Throw Them All Out, and 60 Minutes did a segment on it, Andrew knew about it before because we had talked and I'd shared the information with him. Andrew was so outraged. He saw this as basically economic treason, that here you have a guy who's been put in a position of responsibility and leadership to help the country in a crisis like this, and what does the guy do? He takes that inside information, goes out, and tries to make money off of the collapse of the American economy,” Schweizer charged.
He found it “troubling” that President Trump would bring Bachus into the Export-Import Bank, which has been “criticized as an institution for being full of cronyism.”
“Here's the problem: when you're a new administration coming in, you've got literally thousands of slots that you need to fill, so you're not going to have the president and his closest aides be able to vet everyone,” Schweizer explained. “You're going to rely on other people to say, ‘We've got to fill this slot at the trade representative's office, or we've got to fill slots at the Export-Import Bank. Who do you recommend?' They're going to go to other people, and those other people, unfortunately, are going to pick friends, colleagues, fellow cronies, people who could do them favors to put them in positions of responsibility.”
“I don't know if President Trump has even met Spencer Bachus. I don't know if there's any relationship there, but somebody recommended this guy, and he was basically allowed to take this appointment. I think it's extremely troubling because it goes to the heart of the very problem that we have in Washington, DC,” he said.
“As you said at the beginning, this is an ecosystem that is rife with corruption and cronyism,” Schweizer told Marlow. “It needs to be beaten back at every instance. A guy like Spencer Bachus – who has not paid a price, so to speak, for his activities, he didn't seek re-election from Congress after the scandal came out, but he's never been subject to legal scrutiny – he now has the benefits of this new position. He hasn't paid a price for what he did.”
Marlow turned to a recent New York magazine article called “The Case for Kleptocracy,” which he described as “a very dark column” that posits “the alternatives for President Trump at this point in time appear to be Bannonism – or populism meets nationalism meets conservatism – or it's going to be some sort of family-style corporatism where he's favoring his own business interests and using the bully pulpit to do so.”
“We're going to have to wait and see,” Schweizer responded. “As I've said from the beginning, Alex, this administration has huge potential to deal with cronyism and corruption. You have a man who ran for president on that platform. You have a man in the White House now who is not beholden to the financial interests the way that other candidates are. He didn't go out and raise a ton of money from Wall Street or from trial lawyers. They went to his opponents. So he's in a unique position.”
“The question is: ‘What is he going to do with that authority?'” he asked. “I think there are troubling signs that you're seeing business as usual with some of these appointees, and there exists a very real potential that the Trump family members – meaning the sons or Jared Kushner, the son-in-law, or Ivanka – are going to be offered sweetheart deals. This goes on with every administration. The question is, are they going to have the fortitude not to take them?”
“Those are the two things we need to be looking for: are there actions being taken to drain the swamp? It's still early in the administration, but we've got to watch closely. And second of all, are there sweetheart deals that are being offered to family members to curry favor and to procure corrupt deals? We've got to make sure that those things don't happen. This is really, I think, the reason that Trump was elected, more than any other,” he said.
Marlow cited a Washington Post article that argued that the Trump children are “interested in any changes that might help resuscitate the presidency and preserve the family's name at a time when they are trying to expand the Trump Organization's portfolio of hotels.” The Post further argued that the family is concerned with the both the commercial and political value of the Trump brand, knowing that President Trump's 2020 re-election campaign will be very different from his 2016 campaign.
“There's a fundamental question and option that the Trump family is looking at right now,” Schweizer observed. “Number one, do they want to do what the American people elected President Trump to do, which is to bring fundamental change in Washington? Or number two, do they want to build another brand, like Jay-Z and Beyonce? Those are really the options.”
“You're not going to be able to do both. You're not going to be able to straddle both,” he argued. “I'm somebody who loves American history, who loves the country, and if you presented me with that option – who cares if you build some new brand that brings some changes to the fashion industry, when you have a unique opportunity to bring fundamental change to the country that so many people are looking for? It's a binary choice. They're not going to be able to do both.”
“Really, I think the question rests with the president, ultimately. His kids may have a different vision, but he is the one that's elected. Let's hope that he makes choices that are designed to root out cronyism and corruption, not choices that are designed to build the family brand,” he said.
Marlow concluded by asking Schweizer for his thoughts on the Trump White House sealing its visitor logs.
“I think it's been exaggerated in the past how important the White House visitor logs are,” Schweizer replied. “There are numerous stories in the Obama administration; if they wanted to meet with somebody that was sensitive they'd just go to the coffee shop across the street, meaning that they wouldn't have to disclose who they were meeting with.”
“But I will say as a researcher who works in this area, I have found those logs to be enormously helpful,” he added. “It begs the question: ‘Why are you closing down these logs?' It raises the question: ‘Are you trying to hide something?'”
“The argument that this is being done for security reasons just does not wash with me,” said Schweizer. “If you're fearing [a] terrorist attack, them being able to have a list – they're not going to have names in advance of who you're meeting with. It's a log of previous meetings. So the notion that somehow this creates a security problem, I'm just not buying. I think it raises that question of: ‘Why are they doing this?' The fear is that they're trying to hide these kinds of activities we've been talking about.”
Peter Schweizer is a Breitbart News senior editor-at-large, head of the Government Accountability Institute, and author of the best-selling book Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.
Listen to the full audio of the interview above.
On Monday, Ukrainian Energy Minister Ihor Nasalyk warned that reserves of coal for Ukraine's power plants will be depleted in between 14-45 days, and proposed the introduction of a state of emergency in the country's energy sector. According to the minister, the country has about 927,000 metric tons of anthracite coal in reserve, with the energy sector consuming up to 40,000 tons a day.
The same day, speaking to Ukraine's ICTV television, Nasalyk stressed that in spite of the imminent energy crisis, Kiev would not be importing emergency electricity supplies from the Russian grid. "I am sure that electricity imports from Russia should not even be considered, because we will not have them," the minister said. "We will do everything possible to refuse this option," he added. Electricity supplies to Ukraine from the Russian grid stopped on January 1, 2016.
© AFP 2016/ VASILY MAXIMOV Kiev Authorities Not Considering Issue of Electricity Imports From Russia
On Monday, the Russian Energy Ministry confirmed that Kiev had not sent any requests for emergency electricity supplies in connection with its coal shortage. However, there have been precedents of limited emergency cooperation in the past. Last summer, Russia sent 600 megawatts of electricity to Kiev due to a similar shortage in the Ukrainian power system.
Vsevolod Kovalchuk, the head of Ukrainian state power grid operator Ukrenergo, has warned that if a state of emergency is introduced, the country could face large-scale rolling blackouts. "This will affect the entire territory of Ukraine, except from some separate 'energy islands' who work without a connection to the main power grid," Kovalchuk explained.
This week, the Petro Poroshenko Bloc parliamentary faction asked the president to convene an urgent session of the National Security Council to consider unblocking railways from the breakaway regions of Donetsk and Lugansk, stressing that "the economic blockade undermines the military efficiency of our state and has disastrous consequences for the economy and the social sphere."
The breakaway Donetsk and Lugansk People's Republics have some of the richest coal-mining areas in Ukraine, particularly the anthracite coal necessary to power many of Ukraine's thermal power plants.
© AP Photo/ Sergei Chuzavkov Ex-Minister of Revenues Warns of Three Devastating Economic Scenarios for Ukraine
Nationalist 'activists' began a blockade of rail lines into and out of the breakaway territories in January, led by ultra-right wing lawmaker Volodymyr Parasiuk. Parasiuk has claimed that the government's warnings of an impending crisis are an attempt to intimidate Ukrainians, and promised that he and his men would seize Ukrainian power plants if they stopped their work due to a lack of coal.
Earlier, Energy Minister Nasalyk explained that Kiev has two options, absent resumption of coal deliveries from the breakaway territories. "We cannot take coal from South Africa because it is sold out until April. There are only two options left: Russian [coal] import or Russian gas for gas and oil [plants]," he said.
At the same time, experts say that Kiev can hypothetically purchase coal from Australia or New Zealand. However, they added that these supplies would take at least six weeks to deliver, and would overload Ukrainian seaports, which don't have the necessary capacity to offload the coal and deliver it to power plants in time.
Speaking to RIA Novosti Ukraina, Dmitri Marunich, the co-chair of the Kiev-based Energy Strategies Fund, warned that if Russia does not provide Kiev with the necessary electricity supplies, "Ukraine will inevitably face large-scale rolling outages, designed to prevent a [total] blackout."
Marunich explained that Russia, which has a surplus of electricity supplies, is at an advantage, and can sell its supplies to Ukraine at a good price. However, if Ukraine does not reach agreement with Russia, this would have negative consequences for the Ukrainian economy.
"Previous periods of rolling blackouts have had an estimated impact on the GDP of 1.5% in the medium term. This could ruin any prospects of stabilization at the rock bottom position the Ukrainian economy is now facing," the expert noted.
If the country's electrical grid does face outages, households will be cut off first, with critical infrastructure – water utilities, factories which could face explosions in case of outages, being cut off last, Marunich said.
"The Odessa Port Plant is one of the latter," he added, "since if it is cut off from electricity supplies, it will emit ammonia into the air, which will form a cloud that will move to the nearby town of Yuzhnoe. There, in the space of half an hour, 5,000-10,000 people who don't manage to run away in time will be killed."
Risks also exist for Ukraine's nuclear power plants, the analyst warned. "Nuclear plants cannot work without an external power source, so there is a possibility that their nuclear units will have to be temporarily stopped. The threat of power cuts can cause serious accidents, so they will need time to disconnect them. But I hope that we do not get to that point."
As for the danger of the lack of electricity also leading to lack of heating, Marunich emphasized that "the main thing is to keep [residential housing] warm until the end of the winter. A deficit of electricity can affect the pumping of heating into apartment blocks, but so long as the power plants have gas, and the gas continues to flow through the pipelines, the risks will remain low," the expert concluded.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) is continuing to discuss working with other partner countries on the Lunar Orbital Platform-Gateway program, the US space agency told Sputnik.
"NASA is still gathering information for Lunar Orbital Platform-Gateway development," a NASA communications official told Sputnik on Monday. "This includes continuing to discuss potential International Space Station partner contributions to the gateway."
Earlier, a space industry source told Sputnik that the United States had offered to use US-made space suits instead of Russian-made Orlan suits for conducting spacewalks outside the Lunar Orbital Platform-Gateway.
In 2017, Russia and the United States signed an agreement to build a gateway to future deep space missions in lunar orbit. The segment that Russia intends to build will serve as an exit for astronauts going on spacewalks.
However, according to the source, foreign partners explained such requests by the fact that Russia was not producing space suits designated for the Moon, noting that keeping two different sets of space suits would be irrational.
Along with it, the partners also insist that Russia should construct its airlock module in line with US standards and, hence, adjust it to US-made space suits which are designed for lunar orbit missions, the source added.
GENEVA The top United Nations human rights official called on Venezuela's Supreme Court on Friday to reconsider its decision to take over legislative powers and urged President Nicolas Maduro's government to uphold rights to peaceful assembly.
Opposition leaders branded Maduro a "dictator" on Thursday after the Supreme Court took over the functions of Congress and pushed a lengthy political standoff to new heights amid a severe recession, soaring inflation and acute shortages.
"The separation of powers is essential for democracy to function, and keeping democratic spaces open is essential to ensure human rights are protected," U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein said in a statement.
(Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay)
April 13 Vetoquinol SA:
* Consolidated sales for Q1 2017 amounted to 86.1 million euros ($91.5 million), up 0.4 percent as reported from same period last year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9408 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Dry high pressure then then a chance for weekend showers. Click and watch the forecast video for details.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
(Updates with a comment from Pruitt's attorney)
By Sarah N. Lynch
WASHINGTON, April 28 U.S. regulators on Friday filed civil charges against two former executives at government contractor L3 Technologies over accounting violations that led the company to improperly recognize $17.9 million in revenue from a contract with the U.S. Army.
The Securities and Exchange Commission said that David Pruitt, former vice president of finance in the Army Sustainment Division at L3, plans to fight the charges, while L3's former Army Sustainment Division President Mark Wentlent has agreed to settle related charges.
The company previously settled with the SEC in January and paid a $1.6 million penalty.
The SEC said Friday that the improper recognition of the company's revenue was caused by the creation of invoices that were not actually delivered at the same time the revenue was recorded.
The regulator said that Pruitt, a CPA, allegedly tried to hide the issues with the undelivered invoices from L3's corporate office and its external auditor.
Pruitt's attorney John Carney said that his client, a "highly decorated career Army officer," will be vindicated at his hearing before an SEC administrative law judge.
"It is highly unusual for the SEC to bring a revenue recognition case where there is no allegation of fraud and it is undisputed that the work was fully performed, the amounts were immaterial and the company fully collected on the receivables at issue," Carney said.
The SEC also said that Wentlent, meanwhile, failed to follow up on the red flags "that Pruitt had caused L3."
He is settling without admitting or denying the charges, and will pay a $25,000 penalty. The company also separately rescinded his bonus.
An attorney for Wentlent could not be immediately reached for comment. (Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch; editing by Bernard Orr and Diane Craft)
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
AMSTERDAM, April 5 Authorities in Britain and the Netherlands seized assets worth more than 6 million euros ($6.40 million) and arrested a 46-year-old British woman after a joint investigation into alleged tax fraud and money laundering, Dutch prosecutors said on Wednesday.
The woman and her 51-year-old Dutch husband were suspected of using their Manchester-based marketing company to commit tax fraud via concealed offshore bank accounts in the Netherlands, Germany and Austria, the prosecutors said in a statement.
Prosecutors said the operation was designed to show their willingness to work cross-border to crack down on the practice of storing assets, untaxed, in offshore locations. ($1 = 0.9382 euros) (Reporting By Thomas Escritt, editing by Larry King)
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – Relocation of the US embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem will cause a public outcry in Arab countries, which will complicate the Israeli-Palestinian peace process, EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said on Wednesday in an interview with the Welt media outlet.
"Such a symbolic step can provoke the Arabic public opinion, which will make it more complicated for Arab leadership to accompany the peace process of the two-state solution," Mogherini said.
Israel recognizes whole Jerusalem as its capital while the international community considers the eastern part of the city as an occupied Palestinian territory.
In 1995, the US Congress passed a law which required the US embassy to be moved from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, but the move has not been made yet.
During his presidential campaign, US President Donald Trump promised that his administration would move the US embassy to Jerusalem. The statement was criticized by Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, who said that such decision would not promote peace in the region. In January, Israeli ambassador to Russia Gary Koren told Sputnik that Israel would be pleased if the new US administration relocated the embassy to Jerusalem.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
* Calls 5-year-old trade pact "unacceptable"
* Comments pull S.Korea won, stocks lower
* Trump says Seoul's been told to pay for THAAD
* S.Korea defense ministry: No change in THAAD agreement
* Korean presidential candidate: THAAD belongs to U.S. (Adds South Korean defense ministry's statement, changes date)
By Stephen J. Adler, Jeff Mason and Steve Holland
WASHINGTON, April 28 U.S. President Donald Trump told Reuters on Thursday he will either renegotiate or terminate what he called a "horrible" free trade deal with South Korea and said Seoul should pay for a U.S. anti-missile system that he priced at $1 billion.
In an interview with Reuters, Trump called the five-year-old trade pact with South Korea "unacceptable" and said it would be targeted for renegotiation after his administration completes a revamp of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Canada and Mexico.
He blamed the U.S.-Korean trade deal, known as KORUS, on his 2016 Democratic presidential election opponent, Hillary Clinton, who as secretary of state promoted the final version of the trade pact before its approval by Congress in 2011.
"It is unacceptable, it is a horrible deal made by Hillary," the Republican Trump said. "It's a horrible deal, and we are going to renegotiate that deal or terminate it."
Asked when he would announce his intention to renegotiate the deal, Trump said: “Very soon. I'm announcing it now.”
Trump's comments stunned South Korean financial markets, sending Seoul stocks and the won currency into reverse even as the country's economic outlook has started to brighten.
With global demand improving, exports of goods such as cars and electronics have been leading a recovery in South Korea and a number of other trade-reliant Asian economies such as Japan and Taiwan, boosting their manufacturing sectors.[nL4N1HZ363
"Talk and actual policy are different," a high-ranking official at South Korea's finance ministry, who declined to be named as he was not authorised to speak to the media, told Reuters. "They (the Trump administration) have not requested anything from us so we'll have to wait and see."
KORUS was initially negotiated by the Republican administration of President George W. Bush in 2007, but that version was scrapped and renegotiated by President Barack Obama's Democratic administration three years later.
The U.S. goods trade deficit with South Korea has more than doubled since KORUS took effect in March 2012, from $13.2 billion in 2011 to $27.7 billion in 2016, according to U.S. Census Bureau data.
THAAD PAYMENT
Trump said the Terminal High-Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile system now being deployed in South Korea to defend against a potential missile attack from North Korea would cost about $1 billion and questioned why the United States was paying for it.
"I informed South Korea it would be appropriate if they paid. It's a billion-dollar system," Trump said. "It's phenomenal, shoots missiles right out of the sky."
Asked about the remarks, South Korea's defense ministry said in a statement there is no change to the existing agreement that Seoul provides land for the deployment while Washington shoulders the cost of installing and operating the system.
A top foreign policy adviser to South Korean presidential front runner Moon Jae-in told Reuters that Trump's suggestion would be an "impossible option" because the U.S. military operates the system.
The U.S. military started the deployment of THAAD in early March, despite strong opposition from China, which worries the system's powerful radar can be used to spy into its territory. Moon, the favorite to win South Korea's presidential election on May 9, has called for deployment to be delayed until after the next administration is in place and can review the decision.
Lockheed Martin Corp is the prime contractor for the THAAD system.
A former U.S. State Department official estimated the cost of the system at about $1.2 billion but said the United States would not want to sell THAAD to Seoul.
"We want to retain THAAD in our arsenal, consistent with all other U.S. weapons systems deployed on the Korean peninsula. We own them. We retain them. We have the right to redeploy them," the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. (Reporting by David Lawder and Phil Stewart, additional reporting by James Pearson, Christine Kim and Soyoung Kim in Seoul, Editing by Howard Goller and Bill Tarrant)
Attracting an appealing field to golf's RBC Canadian Open has been a challenge for years. In the eyes of a lot of the world's best players, Canada's men's national championship is presumably just another stock PGA Tour event, albeit one that comes with the hassle of a trip through customs. And since 2007, when the tournament began finding itself wedged between the British Open and the World Golf Championships-Bridgestone Invitational, it's been just another stock tour event happening at a moment when many of the world's best players are hankering for a week off.
So there was understandable optimism surrounding Tuesday's announcement that the national Open has found itself a new home on the PGA Tour schedule. Beginning in 2019, when Hamilton Golf and Country Club will serve as the venue, Canada's only stop on the PGA Tour will be contested the week before the United States Open, June 6-9.
First, one possible downside: With the addition of John Tavares to the Leafs and the exit of LeBron from the NBA East, the early weeks of June risk conflicting with Toronto's presumably annual Stanley Cup run, not to mention the Raptors' first realistic shot at an NBA final.
Not that Golf Canada CEO Laurence Applebaum, a Toronto-raised sports fan, appeared threatened by the spectre of such a seismic big-footing.
“Tavares loves his golf. And (Raptors all-star and resident golf fanatic Kyle) Lowry — he sneaks on here all the time,” quipped Applebaum, standing in the clubhouse at Glen Abbey Golf Club.
To Applebaum, the new date comes with a bigger upside. Given that it sits the week before the U.S. Open, there's a hope the Canadian Open could become a reliable major-championship tune-up in the vein of the Scottish Open, which serves as a week-before prelude to the ancient Open Championship.
Adam Hadwin, the world No. 48 from Abbotsford, B.C., who currently ranks as Canada's best PGA Tour player, figures that's a distinct possibility.
“Now there are a lot of guys who like to play the week before a major. So I think you're going to see some of those bigger names that love to play the week before a major that have maybe not come to Canada before,” said Hadwin, speaking over the phone from sweltering Phoenix. “The biggest name that comes to mind is Phil Mickelson. He always has played the week before a major. Hopefully that continues and the Canadian fans get to see Phil in Hamilton next year … (The new date is) going to help attract players. There's no way around that.”
Just in case a fresh spot on the calendar isn't quite enough to lure stars like Mickelson and Henrik Stenson, who don't typically play the Canadian Open but are in the habit of playing the week before the U.S. Open, organizers have also vowed to increase the purse from this year's $6.4 million to $7.6 in 2019 (all figures U.S.). The field vying for the former amount will attempt to dethrone two-time defending champion Jhonattan Vegas at Glen Abbey July 26-29.
Throwing money at the problem of wrangling a passable field is nothing new. Appearance fees aren't allowed on the PGA Tour, but RBC, which is also the title sponsor of the tour's RBC Heritage tournament, issues regular cheques to a cadre of players under contract to wear the company's crest while coincidentally showing up at its tournaments. That's meant Dustin Johnson, the world No. 1 and a flagship RBC “team member,” has become a Canadian Open regular, as have Brandt Snedeker and Matt Kuchar.
Students at Bayou View Middle School in Gulfport have been collecting supplies for a month, and Wednesday, they gave back.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will hold long-awaited talks with Donald Trump today. Are we on the precipice of an era of unrestrained settlement building and annexation of Palestinian land?
Donald Trump's ultra right-wing national security advisor Michael Flynn has resigned less than a month into the administration over a scandal involving Russia. Now, establishment conservatives are poised to seize greater control of the Trump White House. Smolarek speaks with journalist Pepe Escobar about the significance of Flynn's resignation.
Secretary of Defence James Mattis is in Brussels for talks with NATO allies who are eager to get assurances about U.S. support for the alliance under President Trump. Will the United States continue to back NATO's eastward march toward Russia? Mark Sleboda, international affairs and security analyst, discusses the importance of the visit by Mattis.
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
ISTANBUL (Reuters) – Shot in the arm and slumped behind a table, Francois al-Asmar played dead as the gunman walked through the exclusive Istanbul nightclub shooting the wounded as they lay on the ground.
Like most of the 39 people killed at a New Year's party in Reina, a hang-out for the Turkish jet set and moneyed foreigners, the Lebanese radio and TV graduate was a visitor to Istanbul, enjoying a city reputed in the Middle East for its diversity and tolerance.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“He shot one shot, so we thought – I thought – it was some angry or drunk man … But a few seconds later, we heard a machine gun,” Asmar told Reuters from his hospital bed.
Read more here.
Dealing with unwelcome household pests can really try your patience. The best way to deal with the appearance of such nuisances is to arm yourself with knowledge. Review the tips and tricks that follow below and get the tools you need to eliminate common pests from your life starting today and going forward.
Use hairspray to kill cockroaches. If you ever have a cockroach in your home and don't have any bug killer on hand, try using an aerosol hairspray. It allows you to keep a significant distance between yourself and the roach, while being an effective means of suffocating and killing it.
One of the ways that you can prevent mosquitoes from coming to your house is to eliminate the standing water that you have outdoors. This can be anything from a puddle to a kiddy pool, as you will want to drain all the water in these, especially in the summer.
s
If you're a pet owner, your pets may be the reason pests keep coming back. Take the time to keep your pet's food bowls clean. If any water from their dish is spilled, wipe it up immediately. Store pet food in plastic containers rather than the paper bags they come in. All these things can attract bugs.
Check out your entire home periodically, even if you have not noticed any pests in your living area. If your home has an underground component to it, you may be susceptible to subterranean termites. Therefore, make sure that your basements and other small areas of your home are check out regularly.
If your home has cracks and crevices, seal off these openings right away. Unwanted visitors looking for a way into your comfortable home take advantage of these small entryways. They will be locked out tight if you seal up these small openings.
It can be hard to rid your home of bedbugs, since they can hide in many different places. Close holes before you try to exterminate them. This will help you to be sure that the bugs won't pop out of the holes after you try and exterminate them.
Are you able to see through the bottom of your home's doors? If so, this means pests have an easy way to enter your home. In order to eliminate this issue, you need to fix the height of the door. You could also just add a weather strip seal to your doors.
In order to be successful at getting rid of a pest, it is essential that you are knowledgeable about the pest. Learn your adversary's preferences and dislikes in food and everything regarding its life cycle and mating habits! When you know more about the pest's characteristics, you can come up with a specific plan to eradicate it.
Make sure your home's roof and water sills are draining properly. Standing water can lead to pests. If you've got puddles forming that just won't go away, look to the root cause and fix it. Sometimes it's as easy as cleaning out a gutter. Otherwise, you may get more unwanted visitors than you bargained for.
Try to learn everything possible about the pests that you are trying to kill. Find out what they eat, what it's attracted to, and its life cycle. Whenever you possess knowledge about a pest, it is easier to make a plan on how to get rid of it.
The simplest and most obvious way to keep pests away from the inside and outside of your home? Keep it clean! A clean house is a pest-free house. Pests like to thrive in damp and dirty areas, so if they can't find a place like that in your house, then they won't want to stay there!
Get rid of silverfish in your home by using aromatic spices. Spices such as clove, bay leaves or sage are often able to ward off silverfish. Sew these spices into small sachets. Display them in areas where your home is most likely susceptible to silverfish. Such areas include your bathroom, damp areas of your kitchen or behind the washer and dryer.
Find some pest resistant plants for your garden. It will be a lot easier and cheaper to take care of your garden if your plants are strong enough to keep pest away. You could also introduce some insects such as ladybugs who are known for eating certain kind of pest.
Although you should try to prevent using pesticides to get rid of pests when you can, if it is necessary to use one, then make sure you select the right one. Read the label of a pesticide so that you can be aware of exactly where you can use the pesticide. You don't want to use it in the wrong place where you can put others in harm. If you are searching for a pesticide to eliminate a certain pest, make sure you actually see the pest on the label before using it.
If you have a rodent problem, take care of your yard first. Make sure it is an uncomfortable place for those animals to hang out. Focus on areas where rodents like to congregate, such as bushes, debris and weeds. Keep your yard free of debris, and make sure your trash bins have lids that fit securely. By doing these things you will see rodents finding an alternative place to call home.
Store blankets, sweaters, quilts and other bedding and garments in chests lined with cedar. The natural resin of cedar wood repels moths and other pests without harming fabrics. You can also use cedar hangers in your closet or place small planks of cedar in your drawers or storage containers for the same effect.
When you have flying bugs inside your home, use hairspray to kill them. Perfume works at times as well, and you must be sure not to get it inside your eyes. Both of these are flammable, so keep them away from open flames. This is a good quick fix if you find yourself without an insecticide spray.
Add pest control chores to your weekly routine. It's easy to forget the simple things that can help keep pests out of your home. Most of them can be done in just a few minutes weekly and can make a big difference. Make them a part of your chore routine weekly, and you'll be better off for it.
You now have information that you can use for the rest of your life. There will always be a chance of pests in your home, but now that you know how to get rid of them, things are going to be better. Write them down or print them out so you have them on hand for the next time you find a pest in your home.
Joseph Schultz, 23, son of Dan Schultz and Maria Schultz, passed away on Saturday, February 11, 2017 after a long illness with Lupus.
Dan Schultz was a 1982 graduate of Lawton-Bronson High School. Grandparents are Gene and Connie Schultz, former Lawton residents.
Donna Finneran is taking to the streets to honor her late brother, all to help the homeless.
Scroll for more content...
Brian O'Connell, Donna's twin brother died homeless a year and a half ago and that's when Finneran decided to come up with the idea of "Brian Bags".
Officially called the Brian O'Connell Homeless Project, the bags are filled with toiletries, snacks, a first aid kit, even gift cards to fast food restaurants.
Each Brian Bag provides essentials that anyone living on the street can benefit from.
"Just last month we made a thousand Brian Bags," Finneran said from her Watertown home which is stocked with donated supplies.
Finneran said she delivers the bags almost every day of the week to the homeless in towns across the Naugatuck Valley.
"I'm trying to change how people look at the homeless," she said. "to look at the homeless in a different way, that it could be someone's brother, sister, or family member out there."
With support from her church and community, Finneran said the Brian Bag Project will continue to hit the streets.
"I'm so proud my whole town helps me to support his goal," she said.
FILE PHOTO: The company logo of Rosneft is seen outside a service station in Moscow, Russia, November 12, 2013. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov/File Photo
MOSCOW Russian oil major Rosneft (ROSN.MM) filed a lawsuit on Tuesday seeking 106.6 billion roubles ($1.87 billion) from business conglomerate Sistema (AFKS.MM) over assets Rosneft says were removed from oil company Bashneft (BANE.MM), Russian news agencies reported.
Rosneft bought a controlling stake in Bashneft last year from the Russian government in a multibillion-dollar deal.
Bashneft had been controlled by Sistema, but the government seized Sistema's stake in Bashneft in 2014 because it said Bashneft's privatization had been illegal.
Rosneft spokesman Mikhail Leontyev told Interfax on Tuesday that Rosneft and Bashneft had together filed the case against Sistema because assets had been removed from Bashneft.
Russian news agencies said the case had been filed in Moscow's arbitration court on Tuesday.
Sistema said it could not comment as it had not seen the court documents submitted by Rosneft and Bashneft. Rosneft was not immediately available to comment.
($1 = 57.1051 roubles)
(Reporting by Alexander Winning and Anastasia Teterevleva. Editing by Jane Merriman)
INQUIRER BANDERA LUZON AUGUST 15, 2017 Bandera
Recent Stories:
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets, netbooks and mobile phones; 14-issue free trial. About to step out? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone. Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467, for Globe, Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines.
Disclaimer: The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera. We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards.
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines, call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here.
CTV Atlantic
A 56-year-old woman has died following a head-on collision in Scotchfort, P.E.I.
The RCMP and emergency crews responded to the scene on Route 2 around 2:30 p.m. Sunday.
Police say a Mount Stewart woman died after her vehicle collided head-on with a vehicle travelling in the opposite direction.
Five people in the other vehicle were taken to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
The cause of the collision is under investigation.
By HANK KURZ Jr. =
AP Sports Writer=
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) _ E.C. Matthews scored 18 points, Jared Terrell had 16 and No. 22 Rhode Island beat VCU 81-68 on Friday night for its 14th consecutive victory.
Cyril Langevine added 12 points and a career-high 18 rebounds for the visiting Rams (19-3, 11-0 Atlantic 10) in a matchup of teams with the same nickname. The winning streak is the program's longest since the 1930-40 Rams won 15 straight. URI also stretched its road winning streak in conference games to 11, the longest such streak in program history.
Justin Tillman scored 22 points to lead VCU (14-9, 6-4), which dropped out of a three-way tie for second place in the conference. Sean Mobley added 15, all in the first half.
Rhode Island scored 13 of the first 20 points after halftime to open a 54-45 lead, its biggest of the game at that point. Consecutive baskets by VCU closed the gap to 54-49, but Rhode Island scored 10 of the next 15 points and VCU never got closer than six again. Rhode Island also out-rebounded VCU 47-31.
The first half was played at a breakneck pace, with URI pulling away from a 27-all tie by scoring nine straight points. Mobley then hit three 3-pointers in a span of less than two minutes before Rhode Island led 41-38 at halftime.
BIG PICTURE
Rhode Island: The Rams' winning streak coincides with Matthews' return from a broken wrist. In coach Dan Hurley's favored four-guard lineup, Matthews, Terrell, Jeff Dowtin and Stanford Russell also make it difficult for even defensively disruptive teams to cause ball security issues. URI had just eight turnovers against VCU.
VCU: Tillman was his usually effective self, but the Rams' No. 2 scorer (13.1 ppg) managed just nine points and No. 3 scorer Johnny Williams (10.2) had just two. VCU also was sloppy too often with the ball, committing 14 turnovers that Rhode Island turned into 16 points.
UP NEXT
Rhode Island has a week off before playing at home against Davidson next Friday night.
VCU plays at cross-town rival Richmond on Wednesday night.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Oregon chose to keep the entry barriers for legal pot low to bring black market marijuana growers out of the shadows, but those early regulatory decisions have created an unintended consequence: a massive oversupply of legal weed.
Oregon chose to keep the entry barriers for legal pot low to bring black market marijuana growers out of the shadows, but those early regulatory decisions have created an unintended consequence: a massive...
(AP Photo/Andrew Selsky, File). FILE - In this Sept. 30, 2016, file photo, a marijuana harvester examines buds going through a trimming machine near Corvallis, Ore. Three years after Oregon lawmakers created the state's new legal marijuana program, mar...
(AP Photo/Andrew Selsky, File). FILE - In this Sept. 30, 2016, file photo, a marijuana harvester examines buds going through a trimming machine near Corvallis, Ore. Three years after Oregon lawmakers created the state's new legal marijuana program, mar...
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
(Steven Hirsch/New York Post via AP, Pool). FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and...
(Steven Hirsch/New York Post via AP, Pool). FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and...
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die.".
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going...
Las Vegas police released more records compiled during the investigation of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Las Vegas police released more records compiled during the investigation of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and...
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and...
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
As remnants of Alberto spin into the Great Lakes region, Southeast Appalachia weary after floods and mudslides.
As remnants of Alberto spin into the Great Lakes region, Southeast Appalachia weary after floods and mudslides.
(AP Photo/Chuck Burton). Workers clear debris from a parking lot washed out at a restaurant in Black Mountain, N.C., Wednesday, May 30, 2018 after heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused widespread flooding Tuesday evening.
(AP Photo/Chuck Burton). Workers clear debris from a parking lot washed out at a restaurant in Black Mountain, N.C., Wednesday, May 30, 2018 after heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused widespread flooding Tuesday evening.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the city's two largest resort operators would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the city's two largest resort operators would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
When stepping down Friday, Missouri governor will be conceding political defeat while still defiantly asserting he's done nothing worthy of being forced out of office.
When stepping down Friday, Missouri governor will be conceding political defeat while still defiantly asserting he's done nothing worthy of being forced out of office.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
(AP Photo/Julie Jacobson, file). FILE--In this March 20, 2013, file photo, Culinary Union workers demonstrate along Las Vegas Boulevard outside the Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino while protesting their contract negotiations with Deutsche Bank in Las Veg...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). FILE - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the two...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
By REGINA GARCIA CANO
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The two largest resort operators in Las Vegas would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike, a possibility starting Friday, the union representing thousands of casino workers said.
The Culinary Union detailed how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment, which operate more than half the properties that would be affected if 50,000 workers walk off the job. Workers last week voted to authorize a strike as disputes over workplace training, wages and other issues have kept the union and casino operators from agreeing on new contracts.
The union conceded that it is difficult to estimate how the strike at more than 30 casino-hotels would affect Las Vegas overall because the last citywide strike took place in 1984, when the city had 90,000 fewer hotel rooms and only about 12.8 million annual visitors. Last year, more than 42.2 million people visited.
But it says MGM and Caesars would see a 10 percent reduction in revenue because of the loss of group and independent travelers. A strike also could happen as fans head to Las Vegas for the Stanley Cup Final.
"Furthermore, one might assume a 10 percent worsening of operating margins due to the use of less experienced and less skilled replacements ... to keep the doors open, rooms cleaned, food cooked, and cocktails served, not to mention other factors such as the disruptions to management staff's regular work," the union wrote.
Using the companies' earnings reports for the first three months of the year, the union's estimates show a one-month strike could reduce MGM's earnings before interest, taxes and other items by more than $206 million and Caesars' by over $113 million.
Contracts expire at midnight Thursday for bartenders, housekeepers, cocktail and food servers, porters, bellmen, cooks and other kitchen workers at properties on the Las Vegas Strip and downtown Las Vegas, including Caesars Palace, Bellagio, Stratosphere, Treasure Island, The D and El Cortez.
Dealers are not part of the Culinary Union. Casino-resorts that would not be affected by the strike include Wynn Las Vegas, Encore, The Venetian and Palazzo.
MGM, which employees 24,000 of the workers, said it met with union negotiators Monday and has more talks scheduled this week. The company says it remains confident that it "can resolve the outstanding contract issues and come to an agreement that works for all sides."
Caesars said it "expects to agree to a new 5-year contract with the Culinary Union on or about June 1 when the current contract expires." About 12,000 of its workers are part of the negotiations for new five-year contracts.
The union said it is asking for training on new skills and job opportunities as the companies adopt technology that can displace workers. It also wants an independent study to analyze the workload of housekeepers and contract language that would protect workers if properties are sold.
"What is going to happen to my position?" said Fernando Fernandez, a guest runner at Caesars Palace. "I think they are going to be disappearing it, because robots are going to be available to deliver everything."
He said he wants training to fix or program the robots that he believes could eventually replace him.
The union says it has asked MGM for average annual wage increases of 4 percent for each of the five years. A document says the company has countered with an approximate 2.7 percent increase.
Caesars workers are asking for an increase of 4.2 percent effective Friday, and annual increases of about 4 percent thereafter. Another document shows the company has offered an approximate 2.8 percent increase for each of the five years.
The average hourly wage of union workers is $23, including benefits such as premium-free health care, a pension and a 401(k) retirement savings plan and $25,000 down-payment assistance for first-time homebuyers.
___
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https://twitter.com/reginagarciakNO
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
April 18, 2017
by Canadian Manufacturing.com Staff
VANCOUVER—Burnaby B.C.-based Hempco Food and Fiber Inc. has received the green-light from municipal authorities to begin installation of hemp seed, hemp oil and hemp fibre processing equipment at its new compound outside Edmonton.
Hempco entered into a lease to purchase agreement in November 2016 for a 5 acre property to grow and process hemp products in Nisku, Alberta, near Edmonton's international airport.
The facility will process up to 5,000 tonnes per year of hemp seed, including nuts and protein, which are sold to food retailers.
Hempco will also produce 5,000 tonnes per year of hemp fibre in Nisku—which can be made into paper products, textiles and a variety of other materials—and 15,000 tonnes per year of hem hurd—the inner core of the hemp plant used as a building material.
20 tonnes of cannabidiol-hemp seed oil will be manufactured at this facility every year as well. Cannabidiol (CBD) is a chemical compound found in marijuana that has potential medical benefits but doesn't produce the high of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), marijuana's other active ingredient. Because CBD doesn't illicit the high or the psychological side-effects of THC, it is generally viewed as a better option for medicinal use. Hempco's oil has high levels of CBD and very low levels of THC.
Northern Alberta was chosen for the location of this farm/factory because of the length of sunlight growing hours during summer months and the absence of tidewaters.
“Edmonton is a fantastic resource centre for parts, services and skilled labour. Edmonton is also the heart of Canada's longest and sunniest growing hours and some of the best soil with the lowest risk from flooding land area for growing industrial hemp. Logistically, we couldn't be in a better place,” said Hempco CEO Charles Holmes.
Hempco is targeting June 2017 for the grand opening of the Nisku facility's food and fibre processing.
The hemp company also has a facility in MacGregor, Manitoba.
Gender change on birth certificates now easier in New Jersey
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) — It's now easier for New Jersey transgender residents to change their genders on their birth certificates.
New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy signed the measure into law Tuesday.
Previous law allowed birth certificate changes only if a doctor certified that a person's gender was surgically changed.
The new law allows the registrar to amend certificates based on how people identify themselves, as male, female or undesignated.
Former Republican Gov. Chris Christie had twice vetoed the legislation, saying he wanted tighter safeguards for birth certificate alterations.
The Democratic Murphy also signed legislation permitting gender identity to be listed on death certificates.
0 Silo Square in Southaven, Mississippi hosts groundbreaking ceremony
DESOTO COUNTY, Miss. - It's the talk of Desoto County - a new center piece for the third largest city in Mississippi.
Silo Square is billed as the perfect combination of a modern livable space with southern charm. But be prepared, there will be growing pains to contend with before all the work is done.
“I've done a lot of recruiting over the last five years or something like this. So when the developer proposed, Brian Hill brought this to me, it was perfect it was exactly what I was recruiting,” said Southaven Mayor Darren Musselwhite.
The idea is to create a center piece that is not only livable, but also will become a main attraction for both business and pleasure.
It's 228 acres that used to be known simply as Snowden Farm right across the road from Snowden Grove Amphitheatre.
The silo is the last remaining vestige of its agricultural roots and it will remain. The 200-million-dollar project will become a mixed-use community with apartments and retail space.
The square's namesake will be surrounded by retail shops with a main street feel similar to Collierville's town square.
Musselwhite, who broke ground with other local and state dignitaries today said, “Construction schedule to begin the summer. It's mix used, so you're going to have commercial on the bottom and residential on the top. Lifestyle apartments around an old-style town square. Will have a lot of jobs created with the construction in self and with the business is when they get here.”
The only drawback will be the growing pains.
During the construction phase traffic surrounding the development is going to be a headache with main thoroughfares like Tchulahoma, Goodman, and Getwell impacted.
But Musselwhite promises the pay-off will be worth the inconvenience. "There are things that are already underway to be done on Getwell to Tchulahoma. It's going to be a pedestrian friendly type of development. It's going to be inconvenient, but we think it will certainly be manageable,” said Musselwhite.
It's too early to commit to a firm timeline, but the project is estimated to take 7 to 8 years to complete.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Antwain Johnson had 23 points on 10-of-15 shooting and Nick King had his seventh double-double of the season to help Middle Tennessee hold off Charlotte for a 78-73 win on Saturday night.
King, a graduate transfer from Alabama, finished with 24 points and 12 rebounds and Johnson added three steals. Tyrik Dixon added 10 points, including a late 3-pointer, on 4-of-5 shooting for Middle Tennessee (18-5, 10-1 Conference USA). The Blue Raiders have won five in a row and 10 of their last 11.
Johnson hit a jumper to give Middle Tennessee a 12-point lead with six minutes to play, Jon Davis scored 10 points during a 14-5 run that trimmed Charlotte's deficit to 73-70 with 1:32 remaining. Dixon answered with a 3 and, after Najee Garvin converted a 3-point play with 49 seconds left, King capped the scoring with two free throws.
Davis had 20 points and Garvin scored 17 for Charlotte (5-16, 1-9).
AUSTIN, Texas -- It's a good thing a luxury Escalade was on its way to shuttle us back to our hotel. After the ordeal we had just endured, we needed to be pampered.
OK, so we hadn't escaped a burning building or anything like that, but playing golf can be hard on the mind and body, too. And Ram Rock golf course at Horseshoe Bay Resort had put us through the wringer.
No wonder the 6,926-yard, par-71 layout -- which makes its way from the resort's highest point to its lowest along the Colorado River -- is known as the "challenger" course at the four-track setup.
Ram Rock has a stretch of four or five holes at the turn that are as tough as any you'll play. Narrow and visually intimidating with plenty of places to get in trouble, they have undoubtedly ruined many a good round.
They wreaked havoc on ours. Luckily we had time to decompress with a couple of alcoholic beverages as we waited poolside for our ride and soaked in the rugged terrain of Texas Hill Country.
The well-bunkered and water-aplenty Ram Rock, which has hosted some of Texas' top amateur and professional events, is one of three Robert Trent Jones Sr.-designed courses at upscale Horseshoe Bay, overlooking Lake LBJ about a 45-minute drive northwest of Austin. There's also the recently renovated 6,867-yard, par-72 Slick Rock, the most-forgiving of the three RTJ courses, and Apple Rock (similar to Ram Rock but lacking a killer stretch of holes). All three have been ranked in the top-20 courses in Texas, where weather allows for golf all year long.
Slick Rock is home to the famous par-4 14th hole that features a waterfall that must be driven over (with club) and through (with cart) to get to your ball and the green. It's not that difficult a carry, but it's a neat touch and a favourite among guests.
Though the fairways of the 6,999-yard, par-72 Apple Rock are generous, the hilly terrain of the front nine provides plenty of elevation changes that require well-placed drives and good club selection. The back holes offer panoramic views of Lake LBJ. More than 50 bunkers dot the fairways and protect elevated greens to add some difficulty.
Along with the three RTJ courses, we were fortunate enough to play the ritzy, members-only Jack Nicklaus-designed Summit Rock. The 7,258-yard, par-72 player-friendly track meanders through rolling hills, beautiful oak and pecan trees, wildflowers and expansive views. Amenities include a posh halfway house on each nine with kitchens stocked with food, drinks and candies.
Don't be surprised to see deer on any of these courses. They're everywhere.
We saw even more at the rustic and luxurious Hyatt Lost Pines Resort and Spa, home to the Arthur Hills/Steve Forrest-designed Wolf Dancer, a 7,205-yard, par-72 course with generous fairways dotted with pecan trees, cedar elms and oaks.
The 491-room resort is actually the first stop on our week in the Austin area, which is very accessible thanks to direct Air Canada flights from Toronto that get you into Austin-Bergstrom International Airport in just over three hours. Even though Lost Pines is just 21 km southeast of the airport off Hwy. 71 and 40 km southeast of Austin, it is completely surrounded by nature.
The opening four holes of Wolf Dancer, ranked 14th in Golf Advisor's top 25 courses in Texas in 2016, takes you through rolling prairie, then a wooded ridge comes into play on holes five through 12. The final six holes take you through a treed valley along the Lower Colorado River.
If your game needs some tweaking, stop at the Harvey Penick Academy for some lessons with Jim Hopkins or one of the other friendly PGA certified instructors.
Of course, like all good resorts, there's plenty to do if golf isn't your thing.
Take the kids on the two-storey-high water-slide at Crooked River Water Park, visit the two Texas longhorn mascots at the Lost Pines Corral, enjoy the spa, play tennis, go hiking, horseback riding, kayaking, swimming, fishing, river rafting and tubbing, or have late-night drinks at an outdoor fire pit.
Guests at Horseshoe Bay, named one of America's best by Golf Magazine, can stay in a condo or at the Four Diamond AAA Marriot. Along with the four golf courses, the resort has a mega-sized par-72, 18-hole mini-putt complete with fairways, bunkers and water hazards.
There's also a 325-slip marina, a fitness centre, four pools, 16 tennis courts, a riding stable, fishing, boating and water skiing, as well as 30 wineries within 90 minutes of the resort.
And, who knows, you might just need a few bottles after Ram Rock gets finished with you.
NEED TO KNOW
-- Horseshoe Bay Resort: hsbresort.com or 855-887-0334.
-- Hyatt Lost Pines Resort: lostpines.regency.hyatt.com or 512-308-1234.
-- Golf: wolfdancergolfclub.com.
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)Mexico has announced alert in six country's states after a container with radioactive materials has been stolen, country's National Coordinator for Civil Protection Luis Felipe Puente said.
"The alert [is announced] because of the stolen radiation source… If you see it call 911 and do not open it," Puente said on his Twitter account on Tuesday.
He added that the alert was announced in the states of Guanajuato, Hidalgo, Michoacan, Queretaro San Luis Potosi and the State of Mexico.
This is not the first case, when radioactive materials are stolen in Mexico. In April 2013, a container with cobalt-60 isotope was stolen, while in 2014, 2015 and 2016 criminals stole iridium isotopes in three different cases. All these radioactive materials were found later.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
The death of a Pascagoula man is now being investigated by authorities more than 40 years later. All of this is coming about after a national TV show aired Sunday night, shining new light on what police originally ruled was a suicide.
Even back in 1975, Tye Breeland's death was looked at as a homicide, according to Lt. Darren Versiga, with the Pascagoula Police Department.
Nine years ago, Breeland's family reached out to Versiga about reopening the case. That's when Versiga interviewed Kathie Short, the woman Breeland was married to at the time of his death.
Now, Short is at the center of the reopened case. In an hour-long episode of “Cold Justice,” which aired Sunday night on Oxygen, investigators reviewed evidence that might suggest Short is the one who killed Breeland.
Versiga said a lot of evidence from this case was lost during Hurricane Katrina, but they were able to dig up a tape which contained the actual 911 call from Short the night of Breeland's death.
“It was going to be a closed open shut tape. However, when I interviewed Kathie, she came up with a completely different scenario of what happened in 1975, and that sparked a great interest in the case,” said Versiga.
We found Short at a Memorial Hospital Board of Trustees meeting Monday, where she serves as secretary. She declined to comment on the matter.
We did however receive a statement from Short's attorney, Gayle Nicholson, that reads in part:
That death was ruled a suicide more than 40 years ago, and that's what it was and all it will ever be. These people ought to be ashamed of themselves for the emotional distress they are causing Kathy and her family in putting together this piece of fiction that was on television.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved.
Turkish court releases 3 suspects in attack on funeral of HDP deputy's mother
A Turkish court released three suspects on Friday in their first hearing in a case against an attack on the funeral of Hatun Tuğluk, mother of jailed Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) deputy Aysel Tuğluk on September 14. The release decision was given by A local court in Ankara's Gölbaşı district.
The body of Hatun Tuğluk, who passed away on Tuesday, was taken to İncek Cemetery in Ankara's Batıkent district on Wednesday but was removed from the grave after an attack by an ultranationalist group during the funeral in Ankara.
The HDP's Aysel Tuğluk attended the funeral with special permission from Kandıra Prison in Kocaeli province, where she is incarcerated. Some 50 ultranationalists who had gathered in the cemetery attacked the funeral, saying: “We have martyrs in this cemetery. We will not allow terrorists to be buried here.”
Following the attack, the body of Hatun Tuğluk was removed from the grave and later buried in Tunceli province.
Turkish authorities detained 23 people after examining security camera footage but later released 19 of them, the NTV website reported on Saturday. The police are also searching for another six people allegedly involvement in the attack.
Turkish Interior Minister Süleyman Soylu was center of criticism after taking a souvenir photo with an assailant at a police station in Ankara following the incident.
Soylu went to the same station with the Ankara governor and chief of police to offer his condolences to HDP deputy Tuğluk and to be briefed on the attack.
Assailant Murat Alp had his photo taken with Soylu at the station and posted it on Facebook.
Commenting on the incident on Facebook, Soylu said he took the photo with Alp thinking that he was a neighbor who went to the police station after learning of his arrival.
Related
From Del. Kathy Szeliga:
New Senator!
Just over one week ago, Senator Wayne Norman of Harford County died suddenly. Wayne was a good friend and great senator, not to mention wonderful husband, father and grandfather. He is already missed.
Wayne's wife, Linda Norman, was sworn in to fill out Wayne's term. She was joined on the Dias to be sworn in by her son, Chip. I know Linda will do a great job representing the people of Harford and Cecil Counties.
Hundreds of Bills moving
Monday is the date that bills must be from the House to the Senate to ensure passage by April 9th. It's been crazy!
Next week, I'll be sure to give you an update. The worst bill so far expands taxpayer funded scholarship programs for illegal immigrants – some are so-called Dreamers and some are not even Dreamers. As there is a limited amount of scholarship money available, all those funds should be limited to Maryland citizens. I voted no.
Margaret Thatcher was AMAZING!
“In politics, if you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman.”
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher was the first female Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and one of the first women to lead a major western democracy. She is a founder of the school of modern conservative politics, along with the late President Ronald Reagan.
In the spirit of Women's History Month, here is my ode to the Iron Lady.
Thatcher characterized this movement, pouring her heart and soul into the policies and legislation she wrote. Her brand of conservative politics continues to have a powerful effect in both Britain and the United States. By her reputation for unrelenting and common-sense rhetoric, Thatcher earned a higher international profile than any British politician since Winston Churchill.
The daughter of Alfred Roberts, a grocer and local alderman, Thatcher was born solidly middle-class. However, the young Margaret was a straight shooter—intelligent and elegant, with strong moral convictions. Her aptitude initially led her to the University of Oxford where she studied chemistry—but it was apparent that her true calling was in politics. At Oxford, she became one of the first woman presidents of the Oxford University Conservative Association, where her fiscally responsible agenda earned her enthusiastic respect among her male peers.
Lady Thatcher, a great patriot, was bewildered by Britain's inability to buck the economic recession of 1945. For Thatcher, a fiscal system was just as moral as it was economic. She felt that the Labor Party was doing the British people a great disservice by its implementation of collectivist policies that helped some but financially strangled the nation—in her words, “pennies do not come from heaven–they have to be earned here on earth.” She was elected a Member of Parliament in 1959 and won the Conservative Party nomination for Prime Minister in 1975, defeating her male opponent by a significant margin.
From there, Thatcher took strong positions against communism and socialism. The Russian press branded her with the nickname the Iron Lady— originally meant as an insult—yet Thatcher embraced it and used it to her advantage. A great many factors contributed the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1989, but Mrs. Thatcher's policies were some of the most influential in its fall.
Prime Minister Thatcher once said, “You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it,” and I think that is something I need to remember as a member of the legislature and those of us fighting to preserve our liberties must keep in mind.
God bless you and your family!
Delegate Kathy Szeliga
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — US President Donald Trump's administration has floated the idea of forming an Israel-friendly anti-Iran Arab alliance on the basis of the Saudi-led coalition intervening in Yemen, local media reported Wednesday.
The administration has been approaching Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Jordan and Egypt through their diplomatic missions in Washington with proposals to form a US-backed defense pact which would share intelligence with Israel and counter Iran's influence in the region, The Wall Street Journal reported, citing Arab diplomats from the embassies.
"They've been asking diplomatic missions in Washington if we'd be willing to join this force that has an Israeli component… Israel's role would likely be intelligence sharing, not training or boots on the ground. They'd provide intelligence and targets. That's what the Israelis are good at," a diplomat told the newspaper.
The Arab alliance would also be offered increased US military aid in return for agreeing to protect each other in case of external attack.
Cobbling together an Israeli-friendly coalition involving Gulf states could prove a difficult task as both Saudi Arabia and the UAE do not have formal diplomatic relations with Israel. Arab diplomats have reportedly asked for Israel to stop its illegal settlement activities in the occupied West Bank as a condition for cooperation under US proposals.
The coalition would be formed by expanding the ongoing Saudi-led intervention in the Yemeni civil war, where Iran is said to be backing the Shiite Houthi rebels. The United States pledged to increase military aid to the campaign as well as help secure Red Sea shipping routes from the outfall of the war.
The coalition has turned down making comments on the talks, as has the US administration and Israel.
Yemen's civil war between the internationally recognized Aden-based government and the Houthi movement backed by army units loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh erupted in March 2015. The Saudi-led coalition of Persian Gulf countries began the same month and has since been criticized for hitting civilians, causing disproportional child casualties and damaging vital non-military infrastructure. The coalition insists that it seeks to minimize civilian casualties.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
During Sunday's New York AM 970 “The Cats Roundtable” radio broadcast, former United Nations ambassador John Bolton called President Barack Obama “vindictive” for abstaining in a Security Council vote condemning Israeli settlements, and accused the president of trying to box in his successor, Donald Trump.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“[P]resident Obama has very negative views on the state of Israel,” Bolton told host John Catsimatidis. “He thinks they're the obstruction in the peace process in the Middle East, not the Palestinians or some of the more radical Arab states. In many respects, what he did in this resolution by the Security Council just before Christmas was tried to define the boundaries of the state of Israel. It's a rejection of 50 years of bipartisan American foreign policy that says that the parties in the dispute themselves have to work this out.”
“I just think it was a very bad idea. It was vindictive because everybody knows that Donald Trump has a different policy view. This was intended to box [Trump] in. I'm just worried that more is coming, as well,” he added.
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent
President Donald Trump led the crowd at a campaign-style rally in Nashville on Tuesday in booing Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) as Trump, again, attacked the senior senator for his “no” vote on repealing and replacing Obamacare last year.
“We had it done, folks, it was done, and then early in the morning somebody turned their hand in the wrong direction,” Trump said, referencing McCain without using his name. “The person that voted that way only talked repeal and replace. He campaigned on it.
Trump leads the crowd into booing cancer-ridden Sen. John McCain for voting against ACA repeal. "That cost us a lot, and nobody knew that was going to happen, because we had it done. And the person who voted that way, only talked repeal and replace!" pic.twitter.com/Yx0id0ZBs8 — Aaron Rupar (@atrupar) May 30, 2018
The jabs on Tuesday evening were the first time Trump has spoken publicly about McCain since it was reported that one of Trump's communications aides made a morbid joke about McCain “dying” during an internal White House meeting. McCain was diagnosed with an aggressive form of brain cancer last year and has been in Arizona recovering from treatment in recent weeks.
Rather than apologize for the remark or discipline the staffer, Kelly Sadler, the White House has used the incident to crack down on leaks by decreasing the number of people invited to participate in daily communications briefings and reportedly making plans to downsize the communications department.
It's almost time for the 2018 NFL draft. The Pittsburgh Steelers have held their cards close to their vest as far as what direction they will go with their first-round pick. Fortunately, when you are a team that is consistently competitive there aren't significant draft holes to fill. That is the case this year as well.
So with that, there's a real possibility the Steelers will simply select the highest-rated player on their board regardless of position. And that's why we ask you, what position will that be?
What does drafting the best player available mean? It means no matter who the Steelers select they are going to alienate a pretty significant portion of the fanbase. This will be especially true if the Steelers opt for a quarterback.
I think it's safe to assume most fans feel like addressing defense in the first round is best even sticking to the BPA philosophy. But general manager Kevin Colbert has already said this draft is wide open.
Be sure to cast your vote. What direction will the Steelers go in the first round?
Galway Bay fm newsroom – The Primate of All Ireland has described the newly appointed Bishop of Galway as a warm, wise and empathetic person.
Pope Francis has appointed Derrybrien native, and Bishop of Achonry, Brendan Kelly as the new Bishop of Galway, Kilmacduagh and Kilfenora.
The post of Bishop of Galway has been vacant for over a year since the retirement of Bishop Martin Drennan in July 2016.
Since Bishop Drennan's retirement, the diocese has been run by Parish Priest of Moycullen, Canon Michael McLoughlin.
The incoming Bishop of Galway is a fluent Irish speaker, and has a keen interest in education and formation.
He's well known in education circles, having taught for many years at Colaiste Einde in Salthill and Our Lady's College in Gort.
Speaking following the official announcement at Galway Cathedral today, Archbishop Eamon Martin said Bishop Kelly's service in the diocese has been characterised by a natural warmth and empathy towards the people.
Speaking to NewsBreak, incoming Bishop of Galway Brendan Kelly said his appointment to the diocese feels very much like a homecoming.
And we will feature an extended feature on the new appointment on FYI Galway from 5 this evening.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PHOENIX, AZ-- They say everything is bigger in Texas, and that includes teachers' pay checks!
Well that's what one billboard in Arizona is basically saying. An ad for a DFW school district popped up hundreds of miles across the country in Phoenix.
It says "your future is in a Fort Worth classroom". It even showcases a starting salary of $52,000 which, you can imagine, is catching some people's attention.
"If I'm a young instructor and I'm fed up with the low pay I might consider doing that. Do what you got to do," College Professor Todd Verch said.
The ad seems to be strategically placed in The Copper State where teachers recently walked out of classrooms in protest for higher wages.
Which, to some, seems like a genius idea.
"This is an enterprise country right, this is a capitalist country, so if you need teachers, you got a shortage of teachers, you go to find where the teachers are at," Verch said.
While Arizona is about a 15 hour drive from Fort Worth, the school district has the same sign placed closer to home in Oklahoma City.
That's some sign language struggling teachers can read clearly!
It was an ambitious project—perhaps too ambitious. In 2001, downtown Napa cut the ribbon for a nearly 80,000- square-foot center for food, wine and art named after the Roman goddess of abundance, Copia. In its seven years of operation, however, Copia more closely resembled the Greek hero Icarus, who flew too close to the sun.
Between 2001 and 2008, Copia welcomed visitors to its museum, two theaters, classrooms, demonstration kitchen, restaurant, rare-book library and vegetable and herb gardens. But poor ticket sales and changes to Copia's focus and offerings left the center in bankruptcy in 2008, and Copia closed its doors.
But after almost a decade of darkness, new light is coming into the defunct space. In October 2015, the Culinary Institute of America (CIA) purchased the northern portion of the property for $12.5 million to complement the school's St. Helena campus. It's now called the CIA at Copia.
The CIA is considered the premier culinary school in the country, with campuses in New York, Texas and the Napa Valley. The St. Helena campus, located at Greystone Cellars, has been in business since 1995.
The new Napa location is the first space that the CIA is gearing toward public events rather than programs for cooking professionals and students. Last year, CIA began hosting events at the center, like Flavor! Napa Valley and this weekend, Feb. 18–19, the CIA at Copia holds its grand opening.
Continuing with its ongoing schedule of cooking classes and demonstrations, the event includes several hands-on classes, available for moderate fees, that show you how to make everything from your own condiments to fresh cheeses to eclairs.
Many of the weekend's events are free and family-appropriate, meaning the kids can take part in activities like cookie decorating while parents attend book signings and film screenings in the Copia theater.
The weekend's special guests include CIA president Tim Ryan, author and cheese expert Janet Fletcher and Silver Oak Winery chef Dominic Orsini. Several Napa Valley wineries including including St. Helena's Clif Family Winery, Napa's Cuvaison Estate Wines and Calistoga's Storybook Mountain Vineyards will offer winetasting.
Keeping the original Copia's love of art in mind, the new center wraps its grand opening weekend with an art unveiling in the Copia Gardens. Napa artist Gordon Huether, whose large-scale art installations are renowned for their striking color and shimmering glass-like qualities, will be honoring original Copia backers Robert and Margrit Mondavi with a new work of art.
THREE masked robbers terrified shop and petrol station staff in a series of “professional” raids.
Daniel Goodyear, Ashley Metcalfe and Mark Peat were locked up for a total of 21 years after a court heard victims were left deeply traumatised after being threatened with weapons.
Ashley Metcalfe.
The three men travelled from their homes in Leeds to target One Stop premises in Wakefield and Castleford.
Leeds Crown Court heard one victim has had to quit her job as she was too terrified to return to work.
Metcalfe and Peat burst into premises on Church Road, Altofts, at 11pm on December 16 last year.
Metcalfe threatened a woman with a golf club and ordered her to open a safe in the staff area. She was unable to open it as her colleague had the keys.
Mark Peat.
Peat jumped over the counter and stole over £1,000 worth of postage stamps from the till.
All three men were involved in a robbery at the store on Willow Bridge Lane, Castleford, on December 19.
Metcalfe was armed with an iron bar and ordered a manager and a worker into a staff area.
A third member of staff was already in there counting up the day's taking.
Metcalfe managed to take £6,000 in cash while Goodyear and Peat took £6,000 worth of cigarettes, alcohol and stamps.
The gang left in a stolen Ford Fiesta.
Goodyear carried out a robbery on his own on June 5 this year at a BP garage on Pontefract Lane, Stourton, Leeds.
Goodyear stole his mother's friend's car in order to carry out the robbery at 4.30am.
A member of staff initially thought it was joke when Goodyear walked onto the forecourt wearing a balaclava.
The victim fought with Goodyear when he tried to enter store.
Goodyear punched him several times to the face before going into the premises and taking £450 from the till then driving away.
Describing the robberies, Louise Pryke, prosecuting, said: “There is a degree of planning here which may suggest that these offences fall into the professionally planned category.”
Goodyear, 27, of Aberfield Gardens, Belle Isle, Peat, 30, of Jarvis Walk, Robin Hood, and Metcalfe, 30, of no fixed address, each pleaded guilty to two offences of robbery.
They each received seven year jail sentences.
NEW YORK — Mike Smith scored 20 points and Columbia kept Dartmouth winless in the Ivy League with a 77-74 victory on Saturday night.
Quinton Adlesh added 18 points on 6 of 10 shooting from distance for the Lions (6-13, 3-3). Lukas Meisner scored 16 points and led with 11 rebounds. Kyle Castlin also scored 16 and Patrick Tape had 10 rebounds.
Adlesh sank three 3-pointers early and Smith and Meisner each added another to help Columbia to a 21-12 lead and the Lions were up 39-27 at intermission.
A hail of 3-pointers by both teams opened the second half and Columbia led 63-54 midway. Dartmouth's Ian Sistare drained a 3-pointer late to give the Big Green a 67-66 edge but it didn't last as Castlin replied with six straight points and Smith added a 3 to put Columbia up 75-72 with 1:06 left.
1/23
Over one thousand Cairns residents attended the Anzac Day dawn service on the Cairns Esplanade. PICTURE: BRENDAN RADKE
POLICE are hunting a man who forced his way into a Leda house, injuring an 86-year-old occupant before rifling through rooms.
The elderly man was treated in hospital for a foot injury caused when the front door swung into him as the intruder entered the Djilba View property about 6.15pm on Sunday.
A woman stood watch outside the house while the man, believed to be aged in his late teens to mid-20s, searched through several rooms.
The wanted man is described as dark skinned, with a slim build, and between 160cm to 180cm tall with short dark hair.
He was wearing an aqua blue shirt, blue shorts, and was carrying a blue backpack.
The woman was believed to be aged between 18 and 25, with a slim build and about 150cm to 170cm tall with shoulder-length black hair.
She was wearing a black top, black shorts, black sandals and was carrying a black handbag.
Anyone who may have information about the home invasion can contact Crime Stoppers.
VIGO COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - The Vigo County Fairgrounds are starting to take shape for the big event of the summer.
Scroll for more content...
Crews starting setting up attractions.
Fair activities don't start until Saturday, but it takes time to get prepared.
LINK | VIGO COUNTY FAIR SCHEDULE
On Monday, we saw people with food and amusement ride trailers.
They will also spend the next few days making sure everything is working properly.
The fair will have all kinds of family fun.
The kickoff ceremony happens at noon on Saturday.
May 2 Crh Plc
* CRH announces any and all cash tender offer by Crh America
* Cash tender offer by its wholly owned unit, Crh America with respect to any and all of its outstanding 8.125 pct notes due 2018 issued by Crh America Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Have a knack for trivia? Well, so does Brooke… Try to answer as many questions right as you can in 30 seconds. If you answer more correctly than Brooke, you win 100 bucks! Good luck!
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
× Trump aides had frequent contact with Russian officials during campaign
WASHINGTON – High-level advisers close to then-presidential nominee Donald Trump were in constant communication during the campaign with Russians known to US intelligence, multiple current and former intelligence, law enforcement and administration officials tell CNN.
President-elect Trump and then-President Barack Obama were both briefed on details of the extensive communications between suspected Russian operatives and people associated with the Trump campaign and the Trump business, according to US officials familiar with the matter.
Both the frequency of the communications and the proximity to Trump of those involved “raised a red flag” with US intelligence and law enforcement, according to these officials. The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to US intelligence.
Officials emphasized that communications between campaign staff and representatives of foreign governments are not unusual. However, these communications stood out to investigators due to the frequency and the level of the Trump advisers involved. Investigators have not reached a judgment on the intent of those conversations.
Adding to US investigators' concerns were intercepted communications between Russian officials before and after the election discussing their belief that they had special access to Trump, two law enforcement officials tell CNN. These officials cautioned the Russians could have been exaggerating their access.
CNN has reached out to the White House for comment.
The extensive contacts drew concerns of US intelligence and law enforcement officials in part because it came at a time of Russian cyberactivities targeting mostly Democratic Party political organizations.
Post-election intelligence briefings on Russian meddling in the US elections included details of those communications, which included people involved in Trump's businesses.
The communications were gathered as part of routine US intelligence collection and not because people close to Trump were being targeted.
The FBI and US intelligence agencies continue to try to determine what the motive for the communications were.
One concern was whether Trump associates were coordinating with Russian intelligence operatives the release of damaging information about the Hillary Clinton campaign.
“If that were the case, then that would escalate things,” one official briefed on the investigation said.
(R-L) Spain's Treasury Minister Cristobal Montoro, Education Minister Inigo Mendez de Vigo, Deputy Prime Minister Soraya Saenz de Santamaria and Economy Minister Luis de Guindos attend a news conference after the weekly cabinet meeting at Moncloa Palace in Madrid, Spain, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Sergio Perez
Spain's Treasury Minister Cristobal Montoro speaks during a news conference after the weekly cabinet meeting at Moncloa Palace in Madrid, Spain, March 31, 2017. The words on the screen read in Spanish: '2017 state budget bill'. REUTERS/Sergio Perez
Spain's Economy Minister Luis de Guindos speaks during a news conference after the weekly cabinet meeting at Moncloa Palace in Madrid, Spain March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Sergio Perez
MADRID Spain's minority government unveiled a pay rise for public workers and more spending on social measures in a delayed draft budget for 2017 on Friday, steering further away from years of austerity as it tries to win opposition support for the bill.
The budget will test conservative Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy's chances of seeing out his four year mandate, after he was reinstated for a second term last October with the weakest grip on parliament in modern Spanish history.
His prospects look improved on a few months ago after he secured support for the budget from the fourth biggest bloc and as he inches closer to a deal with some regional parties, with promises of spending on infrastructure and social measures.
The draft budget - approved by Rajoy's cabinet eight months late after two inconclusive elections left the country without a government for much of 2016 - will now be subject to tweaks in parliament and then a vote.
Robust job creation and exports have brightened the outlook over the past two months and could ease the slowdown in growth, as improving public finances give Rajoy more wriggle room on spending.
It has earmarked more funds to combat child poverty and help the unemployed, with plans to grant some 250,000 permanent contracts to temporary workers in the public sector. It also targets 8,000 new jobs for teachers and police.
Civil servants will get a 1 percent pay rise, though inflation this year is forecast at around 1.5 percent.
Even so, overall public spending will not increase in 2017, as the government works to shrink the deficit to 3.1 percent of output from 4.54 percent in 2016.
The government also agreed to lower value-added tax on theatre and concert tickets, after tax hikes in the arts sector in 2012 proved deeply unpopular.
"This is a budget that will help feed economic growth and job creation," Budget Minister Cristobal Montoro told a news conference. "It emphasises social spending, it's a bet on stable public sector employment."
DEFICIT LEEWAY
Spain's public deficit in 2016 fell within targets agreed with the European Union for the first time since the global financial crisis.
Rajoy's centre-right government will rely on strong growth and tax revenues this year to whittle it down further, rather than the spending cuts that characterised most of his first term.
The government said it would stick for now to a "very conservative" forecast of 2.5 percent economic growth this year. Some economists predict the economy may expand faster.
Data is, however, still mixed. Retail sales fell in January for the first time in almost two and half years as inflation spiked. They were flat in February, data on Friday showed.
Two opposition parties, the centre-left Socialists and anti-austerity Podemos ("We Can"), have already said they will vote against the budget in parliament.
The Socialists said the 1 percent public sector pay rise was insufficient to protect people's purchasing power.
After clinching the deal with the fourth-largest force in parliament, centrists Ciudadanos ("Citizens"), to back the bill, Rajoy is wooing regional parties in the Canary Islands and Basque Country to get him across the line.
Rajoy's People's Party (PP) holds 137 of parliament's 350 seats and 176 votes are required to pass the budget into law.
(Additional reporting by Carlos Ruano; Editing by Alison Williams and Richard Lough)
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — On Sunday, thousands of supporters of the Ukrainian nationalist party Svoboda (Freedom) participated in a torchlight parade in Kiev's city center dedicated to the 108th anniversary of Bandera's birthday.
"[We are] waiting for a reaction of the German authorities regarding the march in honor of Bandera in Kiev. Do they know in Berlin that Bandera was [Adolf] Hitler's ally? Silence is equivalent to consent," Pushkov wrote on his Twitter account.
Bandera was a Ukrainian nationalist leader who collaborated with Nazi Germany during World War II and was responsible for numerous atrocities against civilians as a leader of the Ukrainian Insurgent Army (UPA), whose activities are prohibited in Russia.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TACOMA, Wash. - An employee who was fired from a Washington State Walmart for allegedly trying to steal a safe returned to the store days later to try to retrieve what he had left in the safe - his drugs, according to the Pierce County Sheriff's Department.
"On Sunday morning the fired employee called the Walmart store and said that he was coming in to pick up a safe that he 'forgot' at the store," the sheriff's department said in a report on its Facebook page. "Thinking this was suspicious, loss prevention employees opened the safe that the man had previously attempted to steal from the store ... and inside they discovered a yellow container that held a stash of heroin and Xanax."
Police said that when the fired employee arrived at the Walmart, customer service asked him what was inside it and he told them there was a yellow container that had his "medication" inside; employees called 911.
"When deputies arrived the man started crying; he told the deputies the safe was his, and the yellow container and narcotics were his. He went on to say that he paid $350 for them," the sheriff's department said.
The 24-year-old was booked into the Pierce County Jail for unlawful possession of a controlled substance.
FILE PHOTO - A picket sign from the Writers Guild of America is seen as members protest in Burbank, California January 2, 2008. REUTERS/Phil McCarten/File Photo
Hollywood breathed a sigh of relief on Tuesday after movie and TV writers struck a tentative, 11th hour contract deal with major networks and studios, averting a second strike in 10 years.
The Writers Guild of America (WGA) and the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers (AMPTP) announced the agreement on a new three-year accord a few hours before a strike was due to start.
The WGA told its 9,000 members in a memo they would together earn $130 million more over the lifespan of the agreement.
The Guild said it had made "unprecedented gains" on the thorny issue of compensation for shorter TV seasons - an issue since drama and comedy episodes have fallen from 22 per season to as low as eight. Until now, writers have been paid per episode and seen an average 23 percent drop in their pay in the last three years. The WGA said it also won a 15 percent increase in television royalties.
Members still need to agree to the settlement.
The Guild had won overwhelming 96.3 percent support for a stoppage and had set plans to picket TV and movie studios on Tuesday morning if no deal had been reached.
"See you at work tomorrow. Thanks for the 96.3%. Couldn't have done it without you," tweeted Shawn Ryan, writer and producer for TV series "The Shield" and "The Get Down."
The Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers represents entertainment giants Comcast Corp, Walt Disney Co, CBS Corp, Viacom Inc, Time Warner Inc and Twenty-First Century Fox Inc.
Media analysts had said that any strike would further send audiences flocking to streaming services, such as Netflix Inc, Amazon.com Inc's and Hulu. These providers have revolutionized traditional TV with bold content, delivering all episodes at once, and which have vast libraries of film and TV shows.
Moody's Investors Service said in a note on Monday that it estimated the costs to the major media conglomerates of the accord would be between $100 million and $125 million for each of the three years and "would not likely present a considerable financial burden" on the companies.
A prolonged strike however, like the 100-day WGA stoppage in 2007 and 2008, would mean that "weaker media companies with limited financial flexibility could see their credit standing suffer," the Moody's report said.
The 2007-2008 strike cost the California economy an estimated $2.1 billion, according to the Milken Institute.
(Reporting by Jill Serjeant in New York and Brendan O'Brien in Milwaukee; Editing by Andrew Heavens and W Simon)
Year after year Government Street in Ocean Springs has transformed into Shamrock City for St. Patrick's Day. Over 10,000 people turn the street into a sea of green with folks dressed in green from head to toe. On Friday city leaders voted in favor of closing a portion of Government Street to vehicle traffic.
"I like to make a motion that we, that we close the street from Government Street from Washington to Russell from 6 p.m. to 12 a.m. on St. Patrick's Day," said Ward 2 Alderman Rickey Authement.
Ocean Springs Mayor Shea Dobson believes the decision will help improve safety.
"The last thing we want is an accident to happen. Like I said with everyone being out and about having a good time, visiting all our nightlife, it's just a safety concern," said Mayor Dobson.
March 17, dozens of businesses and bars will be offering green drinks, green food, and discounts on green merchandise. One bar owner said St. Paddy's Day is one of his busiest days.
"Safety oriented so people can party down the middle of the street, it's great. With our open container law now, it makes it nice for everybody. You don't have to stay in one place. You can have fun everywhere, and it's good," said Chris Kwitzky, who is the owner Kwitzy's Dugout.
Mayor Dobson said the bollards along the intersections on Government Street will help block off the roads and fewer barricades will be needed.
"Bollards on allot of the streets along Government Street and Washington, and so what that does be allow our police to be much more effective during festivals. So, they don't have to babysit barricades. They can do more to actually police the event," the Mayor added.
Again, the street will close from 6 p.m. until midnight on St. Patrick's Day, Saturday, March 17. ?
Copyright WLOX 2018. All rights reserved.
BEIJING (Sputnik) - The US claims that China seeks to increase its influence in Latin America contradict facts and are disrespectful to the states of the region, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said on Friday.
On Thursday, US State Secretary Rex Tillerson expressed concern over a growth of Beijing's influence in the emerging markets in Latin America and said that China "offers the appearance of an attractive path to development, but in reality this often involves trading short-term gains for long-term dependency.''
"The relevant US views fully contradict facts, this is disrespectful to most Latin American countries … China's policy on Latin America is transparent and open. The Chinese side is ready to continue the promotion of comprehensive strategic partnership with the Latin America on the basis of equality and mutual interests," Hua said.
© REUTERS/ Ueslei Marcelino Venezuela Crisis Tops Tillerson's Agenda on Tour of Latin America
Both China and the Latin American states are developing countries that have similar issues on the agenda, the spokeswoman underlined.
Beijing is the largest buyer of major Latin American goods and gradually increases import of agricultural products and products with high added value from the region, according to the Chinese Foreign Ministry.
"The cooperation between China and the Latin American countries in the sphere of infrastructure construction is aimed at overcoming the existing problems and development shortages in the region. This cooperation plays an important role in the improvement of the living conditions in these nations," Hua added.
China has long been vocal about boosting its political, economic, development, military and anti-terrorism cooperation ties with the Latin American and Caribbean region. Most recently, Argentine President Mauricio Macri praised the active development of its bilateral cooperation with China on January 25, citing Beijing's plans to participate in the construction of nuclear power plants in the country.
LOS ANGELES — Darcy Kuemper made 27 saves for his 10th career shutout, Jake Muzzin and Trevor Lewis scored on special teams, and the Los Angeles Kings beat the Arizona Coyotes 6-0 on Saturday night.
Dustin Brown, Anze Kopitar, Adrian Kempe and Alex Iafallo each had a goal and an assist for the Kings, who have won two in a row against the Pacific Division following a five-game regulation losing streak.
Scott Wedgewood made 29 saves for the Coyotes, who had their streak of four consecutive wins against the Kings and three straight in Los Angeles end.
Iafallo capped off a productive shift with his fifth career goal to give the Kings a 1-0 lead 7:14 into the first period. It was Iafallo's forechecking that allowed the Kings to retain possession in the offensive zone, and the rookie eventually positioned himself on the edge of the crease where he could capitalize on the rebound off Tyler Toffoli's long shot and scored.
It was only the Kings' third first-period goal in their last 10 games, having been outscored 14-3 in that span.
Lewis scored his 13th to set a new career-high on a short-handed breakaway at 2:37 of the second. Kempe made it 3-0 on a wrist shot at 5:12, and Muzzin added a power-play goal at 18:46 for a 4-0 lead for the Kings.
Kopitar scored at 6:22 of the third, giving him 15 points (three goals, 12 assists) in his last 13 games. Brown capped off the rout by scoring his 16th goal with 3:15 remaining.
Coyotes goalie Antti Raanta did not travel with the team, and rookie Adin Hill backed up Wedgewood. Raanta was involved in an auto accident on his way to Thursday's home game against the Dallas Stars. The Coyotes held out Raanta, who was scheduled to start, as a precaution after he was rear-ended on a local freeway.
Hilll was recalled from the Coyotes' AHL affiliate on an emergency basis Friday.
NOTES: Kings D Alec Martinez (lower body) did not play after he was injured in the 5-0 loss at Nashville on Thursday. ... Kings RW Marian Gaborik was a healthy scratch. Gaborik has one point in his last 10 appearances after recording 13 points in his first 18 games following off-season knee surgery.
* Banks start reporting results on Thursday
* Delta Air rises on profit beat
* Financial, tech stocks weigh most on S&P
* Indexes down: Dow 0.14 pct, S&P 0.16 pct, Nasdaq 0.07 pct (Updates to open)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 12 U.S. stocks opened slightly lower on Wednesday amid lingering geopolitical risks and as investors braced for the first rush of corporate earnings, starting Thursday.
The United States launched missiles at a Syrian airfield last week to retaliate a deadly chemical attack on civilians. The strikes pushed President Donald Trump, who came to power in January calling for warmer ties with Syria's ally Russia, and his administration into confrontation with Moscow.
Meanwhile, Chinese President Xi Jinping called on the U.S. for a peaceful resolution with North Korea, which has warned it would launch a nuclear attack if provoked by the United States, as a U.S. Navy strike group headed toward the western Pacific.
The S&P 500 fell below its 50-day moving average and the CBOE Volatility index shot up to its highest level since November.
Prices of gold, a favored safe-haven asset, were flat but remained close to the highest level hit in November. The dollar index was also little changed, while oil prices edged up slightly.
Investors are keeping a close track of the quarterly earnings to support lofty valuations on Wall Street, following a rally fueled by bets on Trump's pro-growth agenda. The big banks unofficially kick off the season on Thursday, with results due from JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo.
"It would be very important what they (banks) offer as forecast because stock prices imply better times ahead and investors are looking for assurances and positive forecasts to be issued," said Rick Meckler, president of LibertyView Capital Management in Jersey City, New Jersey.
At 9:39 a.m. ET (1339 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 28.31 points, or 0.14 percent, at 20,622.99, the S&P 500 was down 3.88 points, or 0.16 percent, at 2,349.9 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 4.18 points, or 0.07 percent, at 5,862.60.
Financial and technology stocks were the main drags for the second day.
The S&P 500 financial index was down 0.5 percent, led lower by banks, while chip stocks Qualcomm and Broadcom were the biggest drags on the technology index .
Qualcomm dropped after it was asked to refund Canada's BlackBerry $814.9 million in an arbitration settlement over royalties for certain past sales.
Delta Air Lines was up 3.5 percent at $46.90, following a quarterly profit that beat analysts' expectation.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,728 to 798. On the Nasdaq, 1,337 issues fell and 822 advanced.
The S&P 500 index showed four 52-week highs and no lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 20 highs and 10 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
All the info you'll need for the upcoming 'CT events in France
Anybody on Tour can win in France. 2016 proved that to us, as Keanu Asing won the final with an interference on Gabriel Medina and then proceeded to drop off Tour at the end of the year. Think about that — a surfer who didn't re-qualify won an event. Not only can that suggest an extremely high level of talent on Tour, but it also speaks to the radial extremes that can occur every year in France. Tides — and momentum — swing wildly at the Quiksilver / Roxy Pro, especially when these events typically take the entirety of their waiting periods to complete.
Here are the cold, hard facts that you'll want to know headed into France:
WHO: The WSL Men's Top 34 + 2 wildcards & the WSL Women's Top 17 + 1 wildcard
WHAT: Stop #9 of the Men's & Women's 2017 WSL Championship Tour
WHEN: October 7-18, 2017
WHERE: Landes, Nouvelle-Aquitaine, France
TIME ZONE: France operates by the Central European Time Zone. This means that 8:00 am, October 7th, in Landes is:
3:00 pm, October 7th, in Tokyo
4:00 pm, October 7th, in Sydney
7:00 am, October 7th, in the United Kingdom
2:00 am, October 7th, in New York
11:00 pm, October 6th, in Los Angeles
8:00 pm, October 6th, in Honolulu
Plan accordingly. If your time zone equivalent is not listed above, we recommend visiting www.TimeAndDate.com to see yours.
DEFENDING CHAMPIONS: Keanu Asing and Carissa Moore
WILDCARDS / INJURIES / INJURY REPLACEMENTS: (Updated Oct 6th, 2017) On the men's side, Kelly Slater remains out due to a broken foot. He has been replaced by Nat Young. Defending event champ Keanu Asing and local Marc Lacomare have been given the event wildcards.
On the women's side, Laura Enever is out for her second consecutive event and has been replaced by Bianca Buitendag. Caroline Marks has been given the event wildcard.
EVENT WEBSITE: Tune into the WSL's event live at WorldSurfLeague.com
HEAT DRAW:
2017 Quiksilver Pro France
Upcoming Round One Heats:
Heat 1: Adriano De Souza, Conner Coffin, Stu Kennedy
Heat 2: Owen Wright, Bede Durbidge, Nat Young
Heat 3: Matt Wilkinson, Wiggolly Dantas, Josh Kerr
Heat 4: Julian Wilson, Caio Ibelli, Ethan Ewing
Heat 5: John John Florence, Italo Ferreira, Keanu Asing
Heat 6: Jordy Smith, Kanoa Igarashi, Marc Lacomare
Heat 7: Filipe Toledo, Joan Duru, Miguel Pupo
Heat 8: Gabriel Medina, Jeremy Flores, Leo Fioravanti
Heat 9: Joel Parkinson, Michel Bourez, Jack Freestone
Heat 10: Connor O'Leary, Sebastian Zietz, Jadson Andre
Heat 11: Frederico Morais, Mick Fanning, Ian Gouveia
Heat 12: Kolohe Andino, Adrian Buchan, Ezekiel Lau
2017 Roxy Pro France
Upcoming Round One Heats:
Heat 1: Nikki Van Dijk, Johanne Defay, Malia Manuel
Heat 2: Sage Erickson, Lakey Peterson, Pauline Ado
Heat 3: Sally Fitzgibbons, Silvana Lima, Caroline Marks
Heat 4: Courtney Conlogue, Keely Andrew, Bianca Buitendag
Heat 5: Tyler Wright, Tatiana Weston-Webb, Bronte Macaulay
Heat 6: Stephanie Gilmore, Carissa Moore, Coco Ho
[Trade your teams for the Quiksilver Pro and Roxy Pro NOW at FantasySurfer.com]
Senate may keep some Obamacare taxes in U.S. healthcare overhaul
Washington, June 15 Republican senators trying to repeal Obamacare are forming consensus to keep some of the U.S. healthcare law's taxes they long criticized, in hopes of delaying more drastic funding cuts, particularly to the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled.
If you owned a Playstation 3 after it was unveiled nearly 12 years ago, you could be owed $65.
PCMag.com reports that the original PS3 console – or the ‘phat' PS3 – was heavy and bulky and had the ability to install an alternative operating system. When a smaller model was released, that operating system functionality was removed due to security concerns.
A class action lawsuit was then filed until a settlement was reached in 2016. That settlement allows owners of the larger PS3 console to claim $65.
Those claims must be filed by April 15. Those who plan to file a claim must have purchased the console from an “authorized retailer” and include their PSN username and PS3 serial number.
The offer is limited to 20GB, 40GB, 60GB and 80GB models.
For the claim form, click here.
For more on this story, click here.
OTTAWA — Former prime minister Stephen Harper and one of his senior aides are now publicly admitting they were aware a Conservative MP had been accused of sexual assault but let him remain on the ballot in the 2015 election.
In a statement late Friday night, Harper said his understanding of the matter involving Rick Dykstra was that the case had been investigated by the police and closed a year prior.
"Given this understanding of the situation, I did not believe that I could justify removing him as a candidate," Harper said in a statement posted on Twitter late Friday after days of questions about what he and other party officials knew and when.
The allegations concern a 2014 incident involving Dykstra, who was then a Conservative member of Parliament, and a staff member on Parliament Hill. They were reported in Maclean's magazine earlier this week.
They have not been tested in court nor independently confirmed by The Canadian Press and Dykstra has denied them, though he stepped down as president of the Ontario Progressive Conservative Party after they were made public.
Harper's former chief of staff, Ray Novak, said what the campaign knew in 2015 was that police had investigated a complaint against Dykstra and the investigation was closed.
The party's lawyer looked into the issue, but "unfortunately the facts available at the time were few," Novak said in a statement.
Still, that Dykstra was able to remain on the ballot when other candidates were let go for seemingly lesser infractions — one, for example, for being caught on video years prior urinating into a cup — caused much consternation in the party's rank-and-file this week.
Several MPs called for the party to clear up what had happened after differing accounts from campaign staff and executives emerged in the media, largely on an anonymous basis.
Novak said the matter wasn't taken lightly by anyone involved, and hinged on whether a closed investigation without charges was sufficient grounds for firing.
PRATT, Kan. (AP) — Funeral services have been set for a Kansas mother and her four children who died in a house fire last month.
The funerals for 22-year-old Charee Wheatley and her four children — ranging in age from a few months to 6 years — will be held Wednesday morning at the First United Methodist Church in Pratt.
The four children were killed in the Jan. 25 fire. Wheatley was pulled from the home with burns and was flown to St. Francis Hospital in Wichita, where she died two days after the fire.
Pratt police say the family was trapped in the basement when the fire broke out.
The Kansas Fire Marshal's Office says it's waiting on lab results to determine the cause of the fire.
Estrada is the 3rd lawmaker charged in the pork barrel scam to proceed to trial for plunder
MANILA, Philippines – Former senator Jinggoy Estrada follows his friend, ex-senator Ramon "Bong" Revilla Jr, to be scheduled for a plunder trial over the multibillion-peso pork barrel scam.
Three years after being charged before anti-graft court Sandiganbayan, Estrada will face a full-blown trial beginning June 19 in connection with the P183 million in supposed kickbacks he got from his Priority Development Assistance Fund (PDAF).
During his hearing on Monday, April 17, the Sandiganbayan 5th Division terminated the pre-trial period and ordered that the case proceed to trial despite a motion from Estrada's camp to go over documents one more time.
The prosecution submitted additional evidence not included in an earlier list, and Estrada's lawyers wanted to examine them first.
Associate Justice Rafael Lagos, the 5th Division's chairperson, instead scheduled a day – April 24 – where both sides can resolve documentary issues so there are no more delays.
The court also set the signing of the pre-trial order for May 2. A pre-trial order is a required document that provides guidelines for what may be tackled during trial.
Disagreements stemming from the pre-trial order had delayed Revilla's trial for 3 months, owing partly to strategies used by the former senator's new lawyer, Estelito Mendoza. (READ: Will trial finally start for Bong Revilla's plunder case?)
Of all the lawmakers charged in the pork barrel scam, Estrada is the 3rd to proceed to trial after former Association of Philippine Electric Cooperatives (APEC) representative Edgar Valdez.
Former senator Juan Ponce Enrile's plunder case is still in the pre-trial stage.
Janet Lim-Napoles, co-accused in the plunder case and alleged mastermind of the pork barrel scam, also attended Monday's hearing, heavily guarded by personnel from the Bureau of Corrections (BuCor).
Birthday furlough
Meanwhile, the court partly granted Estrada's motion to attend the 80th birthday celebration of his father, former president and now Manila Mayor Joseph Estrada. (READ: Sandiganbayan allows Jinggoy Estrada to get medical tests)
The 5th Division allowed Estrada to go out of his detention facility in Camp Crame from 5 pm to 11 pm on Wednesday, April 19, to attend his father's party at the Manila Hotel.
Estrada had wanted a longer furlough – ideally from Tuesday, April 18, so he could join preparations for the party, to the wee hours of Thursday, April 20, when the party wraps up.
But the court only granted him 6 hours on Wednesday.
When told of the furlough's conditions during the hearing on Monday, Estrada requested that it be adjusted to 8 pm of Wednesday until 2 am of Thursday instead. His lawyers explained that the party would start late and the former senator would want to be present for the party's peak hours.
Associate Justice Lagos, in jest, told them to ask the former president to start his birthday bash early, and then proceeded to dismiss the request.
Visibly disappointed, Estrada, who is usually open to interviews, only said after the hearing, "Nagpapasalamat naman ako sa court." (I thank the court.)
His lawyers refused to speak to reporters.
The prosecution had tried to block the furlough, calling it "unsubstantiated and self-serving." – Rappler.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Logos of ExxonMobil are seen in its booth at Gastech, the world's biggest expo for the gas industry, in Chiba, Japan April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
HOUSTON Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N), the world's largest publicly traded oil producer, posted a better-than-expected quarterly profit on Friday, helped by rising crude prices CLc1 and cost cuts.
The results reflected the slowly improving dynamics for the company as well as the global energy industry, with oil prices up more than 50 percent since early 2015.
Still, pockets of weakness remained. Exxon's U.S. oil and gas division posted a loss. Plant repair costs pushed earnings down in the company's chemical division, which had kept Exxon profitable during the two-year oil price downturn.
Net income jumped to $4.01 billion (3.13 billion pounds), or 95 cents per share, from $1.81 billion, or 43 cents per share, in the year-ago quarter.
Analysts expected earnings of 85 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Production fell 4 percent to 4.2 million barrels of oil equivalent per day.
The company gobbled up acreage and reserves across the globe during the quarter, with deals in Texas and Mozambique, part of a plan to expand Exxon's growth potential.
Exxon raised its quarterly dividend this week by 3 percent.
Shares of Texas-based Exxon rose 1.6 percent to $82.60 in premarket trading.
(This version of the story corrects year in second paragraph)
(Reporting by Ernest Scheyder; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Jeffrey Benkoe)
The women of This Is Us are currently thriving as the stars of television's biggest breakout hit, but not too long ago, they were just regular teens worried about fitting in with the popular crowd and struggling with self-love. Now, actresses Chrissy Metz, Mandy Moore and Susan Kelechi Watson are addressing their younger selves in heartfelt personal letters exclusively shared with PEOPLE in this year's World's Most Beautiful.
Here is what Moore – who plays Rebecca – had to say.
Hi Mandy,
There's one thing I want you to hear: Don't become an old woman too soon!
It's ironic because when you're 33, you're going to play this wonderful character from her mid-20s to her mid-60s and you'll be blown away after sitting in the makeup chair and seeing a 60-year-old version of yourself in the mirror. Then again, we've always felt like an old soul.
When you're older, you might not be interested in going out or exploring the nightlife but you should! Be more spontaneous. Say yes when people ask you out to dinner. Go on more trips. Don't worry about the future – Mom and Dad will support you through every twist and turn life takes.
RELATED VIDEO: Mandy Moore: I Used to Be Uncomfortable in My Skin
PEOPLE's World's Most Beautiful will be revealed on Wednesday. For more on this year's beauties, be sure to pick up the issue when it hits newsstands on Friday.
Believe me, the clarity and the wisdom that comes with age and time, there's no substitute for it. By the time you're in your 30s, you'll be the most comfortable in your skin than you've ever been.
FROM COINAGE: The Most Expensive TV Shows of All Time
You'll know who you are, you'll know what you want. You'll go through lulls in your career and your personal life and it will all build your character.
Just remember to always enjoy and appreciate the moments as they happen and don't just focus on the path ahead. The bigger picture is pretty amazing.
– Mandy
SIMFEROPOL (Sputnik) - German lawmakers, who arrived in Crimea with a visit on Saturday, want to send a signal of greater cooperation possibilities with Russia, a member of the delegation said.
"We want to send a special signal by this visit. Because we consider joint fruitful coexistence with Russia very important, it's all included in our program," Berlin parliament's lawmaker Hugh Bronson told reporters.
Earlier in the day, a group of German lawmakers from three regional parliaments arrived in Crimea, set to stay there till February 9. The delegation consists of the right-wing Alternative for Germany (AfD) party members.
© AP Photo/ Jens Meyer AfD: European Sanctions Against Russia Cost Germany Thousands of Jobs
On Friday, Ukrainian Foreign Minister Pavlo Klimkin said that Ukrainian authorities were considering measures against German companies that were allegedly operating in Crimea in spite of the European Union's sanctions.
Since 2014, Russian relations with the Western states have deteriorated due to the crisis in Ukraine and Crimea's reunification with Russia following a referendum, after which the Western countries, including the EU member states, imposed several rounds of anti-Russia sanctions. Russia has repeatedly refuted the allegations of interference in Ukraine's affairs, warning that the Western sanctions are counterproductive and undermine global stability.
In spite of the sanctions, a number of delegations from dozens of countries visited Crimea, including from France and Italy.
In January, leaders of eastern German federal lands called for removal of the European Union's anti-Russian sanctions, stressing their inefficiency and negative impact on local agriculture producers.
× Reward for information on slain wolves grows to $20,000
SPOKANE, Wash. — The reward for information regarding the killing of two wolves in northeastern Washington state has grown to $20,000.
The Center for Biological Diversity and Cascadia Wildlands on Monday said they had doubled a previously announced reward by Conservation Northwest for information leading to conviction in the killing of the wolves.
Over the weekend, officials for the state Department of Fish and Wildlife announced that two wolves that were being monitored had been found shot to death.
The animals were members of the Smackout and Dirty Shirt packs.
Wolves are a protected species across the state of Washington. Poachers can face fines and jail time.
Wolves were wiped out in Washington early in the 1900s, but started returning to the state earlier this century.
WASHINGTON, April 5 U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly told a Senate panel on Wednesday that apprehensions of undocumented immigrants along the U.S.-Mexico border was below 17,000 in March, marking the least migration since at least 2000.
In February, 23,589 immigrants were apprehended at the border, according to data by U.S. Customs and Border Protection.
Kelly credited President Donald Trump's tough immigration policies for the decline.
(Reporting by Julia Edwards Ainsley; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
This coming Wednesday the third installment of the ninth International Pharos Contemporary Music Festival will see ensemble C Barre, soprano Sarah Maria Sun and conductor Sebastian Boin join forces for the concert Western Composers Reflecting Eastern Music in Nicosia.
C Barre is an instrumental ensemble founded and directed by Sebastian Boin, and is the result of an encounter between 12 ingenious musicians. The ensemble is currently associated with the National Centre for Musical Creation of Marseille. The makeup of the Ensemble is unrivalled (clarinet, saxophone, trumpet, percussion, accordion, mandolin, guitar, harp, cimbalom, keyboards, cello and double-bass) and is enriched by the dynamism and thirst for experimentation of its musicians. Furthermore, the Ensemble regularly takes on other instruments (chromatic zithers or third-tone zithers, the bouzouki, the electric guitar, baroque instruments, traditional instruments or new instruments invented for the occasion). For the concert in Nicosia, the ensemble will incorporate the bouzouki, the Armenian Duduk and zithers.
Given its very specific nature, C Barre dedicates much of its time to music creation. This is often seen in the form of isolated commissions, but also as long-term collaborations with a number of composers. These relationships allow for a deep understanding of aspects of the creative process, form and genre, and the frequent participation of other art forms such as dance, literature, poetry, video and sculpture.
In the last few years, Ensemble C Barre has performed at the Philharmonie de Paris, Festival of Île de France, Radio France, Festival of Marseille, Festival Les Musiques, the Grand Theatre de Provence, among others. Animated by a desire to bring contemporary music to a larger audience, the Ensemble also undertakes a number of educational programmes.
Joining the ensemble will be Sun, one of the foremost leading interpreters in contemporary music. She began her training in the Bel Canto style and eventually shifted to contemporary music, appearing under the baton of conductors such as Sir Simon Rattle and Thomas Hengelbrock, with orchestras such as the Berlin Philharmonic, Leipzig Gewandhaus, Philharmonic Orchestra Dresden and the Tokyo-Symphony Orchestra. She appears regularly with ensembles such as musikFabrik Koln, Ensemble Modern, Mosaik or Intercontemporain and string quartets such as Diotima, Arditti, Signum and Minguet. Sun has appeared at prestigious opera houses and between 2007 and 2014 she was the first soprano of the Neue Vocalsolisten Stuttgart. Besides Lied, Opera and Oratorio, her repertoire includes more than 700 works from the 20th and 21st centuries.
The concert will feature works by Iannis Xenakis, Igor Stravinsky, Benjamin Britten, Alexandros Markeas and world premieres by Mikel Urquiza, Francois Rosse and George Christofi.
Western Composers Reflecting Eastern Music
The Pharos Arts Foundation presents a concert with ensemble C Barre and soloist Sarah Maria Sun. October 11. The Shoe Factory, Nicosia. 8.30pm. €10/15. Tel: 22-663871
New Delhi: Former Indian Premier League (IPL) commissioner Lalit Modi took a dig at the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) on Monday after the body decided to revoke the ban on the Rajasthan Cricket Association (RCA).
The decision was taken at the board's Special General Meeting here on Monday. According to the conditions set by the BCCI for revoking the ban, the RCA will have to bar Lalit Modi from its functioning in order to avoid future punishment.
"Wow ??. Amazing. Not been in india for 7 Years. But the #Crook's in @BCCI @IPL are even afraid of my name. Clowns just living off what I created for india.Good luck to these jokers who never did a days work in their life except live off what others created," Modi tweeted on Monday evening.
The BCCI had suspended Modi on April 24, 2010 -- a day after that year's IPL final, holding him guilty on 22 charges, including bypassing the governing council while taking decisions, not following proper processes, bid rigging, awarding contracts to his friends, accepting kickbacks on a broadcast deal, selling franchises to members of his family, betting and money laundering. The RCA was suspended by the BCCI in May 2014 when Modi was re-elected as its president. Since then, the RCA's cricket affairs were being looked after by the BCCI. The RCA had filed a suit against its suspension by the BCCI, to which the board had asked the association to withdraw all pending cases and not to involve the cricket board in any case. The Supreme Court-appointed Committee of Administrators (CoA) has already dissolved the ad-hoc committee that was constituted to run the affairs in Rajasthan cricket, paving the way for the ban to go. Stay updated on the go with Sify Live Scores App. Click here to download it for your device
Raqib Mukhtar, a first-grade student at the Zaiba Aapa Institute of Inclusive Education in Bijbehara, Anantnag district. The Kashmir valley saw a 74% rise in number of people certified disabled during 2015-17, compared to the preceding three years, data show.
: In three years to 2017–when the coalition government of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) was in power in Jammu & Kashmir–31,085 people were certified as disabled in the 10 districts in Kashmir valley, up 74% from 17,898 people in the three preceding years, data obtained through right to information requests show.
The rising unrest in the valley played a role in the increase, activists said, specifically pointing to the use of pellet guns for crowd control.
Jammu & Kashmir is the only state yet to implement a 2016 law that recognises 21 disabilities–up from the earlier seven–suggesting that actual numbers could be even higher.
Infrastructure in the state is not disabled-friendly, activists said, especially in public offices and educational institutions.
In six years to 2017, Kupwara district registered the most people with disabilities (10,825), followed by Anantnag (8,638), Baramulla (7,274) and Pulwama (5,461).
In 2011, the state had a disabled population of 361,153–56.7% male and 43.2% female–and up 19.3% from 302,670 in 2001, according to Census 2011 . Hearing disability was the most prevalent (21%), data show.
As of 2014, more than 100,000 disabilities were due to conflict, according to a November 2015 study published in the(JBM & SSR). Post 2016, the use of pellet guns has increased the number of disabilities, according to Srinagar-based human rights activist Khurram Parvez.
Since 2016, 1,314 eyes of 1,253 people were impaired after being hit by pellets, and the chances of recovery are poor, Greater Kashmir, a local daily, reported on April 8, 2018. Blindness accounted for 68.9% of disabilities in the state compared to 44.5% nationwide, according to the JBM & SSR study quoted above.
“The government has no policy to help these victims,” separatist leader Mirwaiz Umar Farooq told. “Since it is their responsibility to rehabilitate them, they are the one(s) who should come formed and help them, but the government has completely failed to rehabilitate them.”
“According to official figures, 17 people were killed by shotgun pellets between July 2016 and August 2017, and 6,221 people were injured by the metal pellets between 2016 and March 2017,” according to the first ever United Nations Human Rights report on Kashmir, released on June 14, 2018.
The Centre criticised the report, with an external affairs ministry spokesperson describing it as “fallacious, tendentious and motivated”, violating Indian sovereignty and “a selective compilation of largely unverified information … overtly prejudiced and seeks to build a false narrative”.
In December 2016, parliament passed the Persons with Disabilities Bill, 2016, thereby replacing the 21-year-old Persons with Disability Act, 1995. The new law increased the number of recognised disabilities from seven to 21, suggested penalties for discrimination, and hiked the reservation for persons with disability–for education and government jobs–from 3% to 4%.
More than eighteen months since, all these are yet to be implemented in Jammu & Kashmir.
Under Article 370 of the Constitution, parliament has power to make laws only on defence, external affairs and communication-related matters of Jammu & Kashmir. So, a legislation has to be passed in the state's assembly for bills passed by the parliament to come into effect in the state.
“This is not happening to us for the first time,” said Javid Ahmad Tak, an activist who advocates for the rights of the disabled. “When the Disability Act was first passed in 1995, it was implemented in Kashmir in 1998–a gap of three years in which thousands could have got jobs, access to education and other facilities.”
“The Act is yet to be passed and it is in process and it will be done very soon,” Waheed Para, youth president of the PDP, had toldbefore the BJP-PDP coalition parted ways on June 19, 2018.
“Disability is a larger concern for J&K, it's a very human issue,” Para said. “We have established a separate department for disabled people for the first time under the social welfare department.”
With the state now under governor's rule, Tak said he was optimistic. “The chances of implementing this law are better now, as we have already held meetings with governor N. N. Vohra,” Tak said. “He is sensitive about this issue and we hope that he will pass an ordinance soon.”
Most public offices in the state are inaccessible to the disabled because they do not have ramps, said Parvez. When a disabled person steps out of his home, they face obstacles at every level, said Tak. The footpaths are not disabled-friendly.
There are only 15 disability care institutes–each with a capacity of 40 people–in the state, according to this research by Department of Economics, Annamalai University, India. Only 0.05% of the state's disabled population has access to education, while others are out of the range of basic necessities such as education.
Children with low vision or blindness require to be taught in braille, but most schools lack such facilities. School toilets in schools are not disabled-friendly, Tak added.
“I have seen a lot of difference here as far as education is concerned,” said Nookaraju Bendukurthi, a professor of media studies at the Central University of Kashmir who previously taught at the University of Hyderabad. “There is lack of accessibility in all educational institutions in terms of ramps for the physically disabled people, and libraries are not accessible to people who are visually impaired.”
Most schools in the valley do not have special educators trained to teach people with disabilities, said Abdul Rashid Bhat, president of J&K Handicapped Association. “This affects the communication between the teacher and the student, often leading to dropouts,” Bhat added.
“There is no system to teach using braille in our school, the washrooms are not disabled-friendly,” said Malik Farzana Showkat, a dropout from a government school in Bijbehara in Anantnag district. “If anyone was disabled, it was those teachers who were not able to teach me.”
“The government is identifying such people (dropouts) but they don't focus on the second step which is to identify the needs of these disable people,” said Bhat. “If someone would require a wheelchair, they would fail to provide it and even if they do, the wheelchairs are substandard.”
(Wasif is a Srinagar-based freelance journalist)
An Indiaspend story.
(Indiaspend.org is a data-driven, public-interest journalism non-profit. FactChecker.in is fact-checking initiative, scrutinising for veracity and context statements made by individuals and organisations in public life.)
[China], May 31 (ANI): A day after the United States announced 25 per cent tariff on USD 50 billion of Chinese tech goods, China on Wednesday said that it did not want a trade war and remained undeterred.
"We want to reiterate that we don't want a trade war, but we aren't afraid of fighting one," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said at a briefing on Wednesday, CNN reported.
"If the US insists on acting arbitrarily and recklessly, China will take firm and powerful measures to safeguard its own legitimate rights," Hua said.
On Tuesday, the White House announced that on June 15, it would provide details of the Chinese products affected by the new tariffs, which would come into effect "soon". The Donald Trump administration stated that it would crack down on "illegal" Chinese trade practices by June 30. Earlier this month, US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who was on a visit to China over trade negotiations said that the trade war with China was "on hold," with both sides agreeing to remove the proposed tariffs. The latest move to announce the tariffs comes ahead of US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross's visit to China next month over the same. The United States and China have been tied-up in a constant bilateral trade war. On March 23, Trump had imposed massive trade tariffs amounting to USD 60 billion on China, in an effort to stop the latter from stealing "intellectual property" from American companies. In retaliation, China threatened to impose a 25 percent tariff on USD 50 billion worth of US exports. However, none of the tariffs above came into effect. (ANI)
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - Yemeni Prime Minister Ahmed Daghr claimed that government forces and the Saudi-led coalition had already liberated 85 percent of the territory seized by the Houthis and were approaching victory in the port city of Al-Hudaydah, Anadolu reported on Wednesday.
According to Daghr, as cited by the Anadolu news agency, the liberation of Al-Hudaydah seaport would help secure navigation and maintain security in international waters.
Since Sunday, Yemeni government forces and the Saudi-led coalition have been closing in on Al-Hudaydah, which is a strategic stronghold of the Houthis and a key entry point for humanitarian aid.
Latest situation in Western coast #Yemen according to @A7_Mirza, Arab coalition forces are now northern Al-Derehmy district, 20km southern Al-Hudaydah port and airport. pic.twitter.com/dPtiQAd9CI — Mohamed Mansour 🇪🇬 محمد منصور (@Mansourtalk) May 28, 2018
Within the last several months, the Houthis have intensified their missile attacks on the Saudi territories, targeting Saudi oil facilities and a military base in the province of Jizan. The Saudi forces intercepted most of the missiles.
Yemen has long been engulfed in an armed conflict between the government forces of President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi and the Houthi movement for several years. The Saudi-led coalition of mostly Persian Gulf nations has been carrying out airstrikes against the Houthis at Hadi's request since March 2015.
READ MORE: UN Concerned as Saudi-Led Coalition Advances Near Port in Yemen - Spokesman
The United Nations has taken a number of steps to end the hostilities and bring the parties to the conflict to the negotiating table. Several rounds of UN-mediated talks have not yielded any major results so far.
READ MORE: Yemeni Houthi Rebels Shell Government Forces - Reports
The future is looking very bright indeed for Co Leitrim based company, Archway Products Ltd.
The company, based in Jamestown, recently finished two new Roadmaster® Spray Injection Patchers destined for the Powys County Council in Wales.
These machines automate road repair and maintenance and are claimed to fill potholes more accurately and more cheaply than traditional methods.
The Roadmasters are the latest generation of road repair machines, using modern technology to automate and simplify the whole process of road repair and maintenance.
Designed and manufactured in Co Leitrim by Archway Products Ltd, these high tech machines are allowing councils throughout Ireland and the UK to achieve long lasting road repairs for a fraction of the cost.
The company has come a long way since it was founded in 1990 by Managing Director, Liam McNamee. Originally focused on the design and manufacture of farm machinery, Liam became increasingly aware of the bad state of the nation's roads and the primitive methods that were being employed to maintain them.
Building on his previous design success and drawing on years of innovation expertise, Liam refined the design of his Roadmaster Patcher to the point where it is now the leading single operator patching unit available on the market today.
By the year 2000 the Roadmaster was ready for manufacture, complete with patents and CE compliance. Further to that, the company started to sell road repair services to the Scottish market in 2012 and this has steadily increased over the intervening years to the point where Archway has machines operating under contract to councils and local authorities throughout the length and breadth of the UK.
At the recent launch of the latest version of the Roadmaster in Citywest Hotel in Dublin, council delegates and engineers from around Ireland heard how the technology works.
Company Directors Liam and Donal McNamee explained how the machine and technology has been developed to bring accuracy to the whole pothole repair process, and prevent the age-old problem of having to repeatedly repair the same pothole.
The Roadmaster, is made by Archway Products in Jamestown, which also recently delivered a batch of three machines to Cork County Council, bringing the Cork Roadmaster fleet to 14 vehicles. Archway Products has added many innovations over the years, and these have played a major part in the widespread adoption of the process.
“With orders coming hard and fast, the future looks bright for this small Irish company with a very unique product,” Company Director, Donal McNamee told the Leitrim Observer this week.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
VIGO COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - We are following a crime alert out of Vigo County.
Scroll for more content...
Officials say a man broke into the Vigo County Highway Department garage overnight on Monday.
Five trucks and the garage's gate were damaged, with one truck being set on fire.
The truck that was set on fire was found in Sullivan County.
When crews arrived to work on Tuesday morning, they found the south gate destroyed.
As they started checking equipment, they found the five trucks had damaged ignitions, one still with a screwdriver stuck inside.
News 10 learned the man eventually hot-wired one of the trucks and used it to drive through the south gate.
That stolen truck was found in Sullivan County destroyed by fire.
Crews were able to repair the gate fairly quickly, but the trucks will take a little longer.
Until the trucks are fixed, it will impact how much work they can get done.
The highway department handed over its surveillance video to the sheriff's office to see if it can help in their investigation.
If you have any information, call the sheriff's office or Crime Stoppers at 812-238-STOP.
