SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — Florida-based Silver Airways has bought the Caribbean's largest regional airline.
Officials say Puerto Rico-based Seaborne Airlines will operate as a stand-alone subsidiary until the two airlines merge next year. It will continue to serve 12 airports, including those in Puerto Rico and other nearby islands such as Dominica, Anguilla, St. Maarten and Tortola.
Ft. Lauderdale-based Silver Airways said Monday that it will operate 31 aircraft as a result of the merger.
Seaborne now operates eight 34-seat Saab 340s and two 15-seat de Havilland Twin Otter seaplanes.
The Massachusetts College of Art and Design recently hosted an event for children to make Valentine's Day cards “against Islamophobia” and invited their families to make donations against Trump's recent executive order on immigration.
[RELATED: Social justice artists demand 'a Muslim refugee for president']
“Some people don't like them and we want to cheer them up.”
According to MassArt's website, more than 150 children and adults showed up to To Islam, With Love, a February 5 card-making marathon at the school where children could copy “phrases of love” in Arabic to show their support for Islam.
“This is how we love our neighbors!” states the eventbrite page for To Islam, With Love. “We'll be crafting with rubber stamps, veggie stamps, finger paints, collage papers, fabric, stencils, and more. Come through MassArt and get inspired with kids in creative action!”
MassArt told Campus Reform that in addition to providing space for the event, they also provided art materials.
Most of the children who attended the event were under 10 years old, but the parents who brought them said they felt obligated to make their Muslim neighbors feel welcome in the community, according to The Boston Globe.
“I don't think they're ever too young to teach empathy and support for others,” explained Lisa Ballew, who attended the event with her two children.
[RELATED: Florida art prof penalizes students for saying 'melting pot']
Her 4-year-old-son echoed his mother's sentiments, telling the Globe that he wanted to make cards for Muslims “because some people don't like them and we want to cheer them up.”
A handout at the event listed “phrases of love” written in Arabic for kids to copy onto their cards, including “we are with you” and “all as one; all of us together.”
In addition to having their children make cards, the sponsors of the event encouraged parents to make donations to the Muslim Justice League and the Islamic Society of Boston Cultural Center so that those organizations could help people “targeted by the executive order on immigration.”
As of February 14, the event had managed to raise nearly $2,500 for the MJL.
[RELATED: AU promotes clemency for convicted cop-killer with statue]
MassArt insisted, however, that the event was not a “fundraiser,” calling it a “free, community art-making gathering” intended to “show friendship to [the families'] Islamic neighbors.”
“To Islam, With Love was a community art-making event created by an organization called Wee the People, and the Islamic Society of Boston Cultural Center was the beneficiary of the valentines created there,” MassArt told Campus Reform. “As a free, community art-making gathering, it attracted many families, who chose to bring their children to make valentines and to show friendship to their Islamic neighbors. The MassArt-hosted event was not a fundraiser."
Along with MassArt, the event was cosponsored by “Wee the People,” a group that describes itself as an “arts-based series of programming and events for kids exploring social justice and the power of protest.”
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @amber_athey
A look at recent developments in the South China Sea, where China is pitted against smaller neighbors in multiple disputes over islands, coral reefs and lagoons in waters crucial for global commerce and rich in fish and potential oil and gas reserves:
———
EDITOR'S NOTE: This is a weekly look at the latest developments in the South China Sea, the location of several territorial conflicts that have raised tensions in the region.
———
TAIWAN REPORTS MORE CHINESE MILITARY FLIGHTS TO SOUTH AND EAST OF ISLAND
Taiwan says it has tracked more Chinese military aircraft flying apparent training missions to the south and east of the island.
The defense ministry said a pair of Chinese Y-8 surveillance aircraft flew through the Bashi Strait between Taiwan and the Philippines then out into the Pacific in a northeasterly direction on Sunday. It said the pair were joined at one point by two Chinese Su-30 fighter jets as they flew through the Miyako Strait north of the island.
That marked the third time this month that Chinese military planes were seen in the vicinity of Taiwanese airspace, according to the official Central News Agency. Previous flights on Aug. 5 and Aug. 8 included Y-8s and other aircraft.
China claims Taiwan as its own territory to be brought under its control by force if necessary, and the two share an overlapping claim to most of the South China Sea. However, Taiwan occupies just the largely uncontested Pratas islands and just one island in the hotly disputed Spratly chain, unlike Beijing, which has aggressively pursued its claims, including building seven man-made islands atop coral reefs and adding airstrips and other infrastructure of military usefulness.
China has also taken a tougher stance toward Taiwan since last year's election of independence-leaning President Tsai Ing-wen, who has refused to endorse Beijing's contention that Taiwan is part of the Chinese nation. The tougher stance has so far been limited largely to diplomatic and economic measures, although Chinese commentators frequently speculate on the potential need for military steps to bring additional pressure on Tsai.
Taiwan's defense ministry said the Chinese planes remained outside the island's air defense identification zone, and said the citizens had nothing to worry about. Taiwan has as recently as last month scrambled fighters to respond to the presence of China's planes but the ministry gave no indication it did so this time.
———
THINK TANK SAYS CHINESE RECLAMATION WORK CONTINUING DESPITE CLAIMS THAT CONSTURCTION ENDED TWO YEARS AGO
A leading U.S. think tank released a new report documenting what it said was continuing reclamation work on Chinese-controlled islands in the area, despite a recent claim by China's foreign minister that such work stopped two years ago.
Foreign Minister Wang Yi said Aug. 7 that China had "stopped or already completed land reclamation" on its holdings in the South China Sea two years ago. China has built seven new islands in the Spratly chain by piling sand and cement atop coral reefs.
However, the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies said China was continuing to reclaim land in the Paracel Islands north of the Spratlys.
Wang's claim "is false" and China's reclamation work "did not end in mid-2015 with the completion of its artificial islands in the Spratlys," said the report.
The Paracels play "a key role in China's goal of establishing surveillance and power projection capabilities throughout the South China Sea," the report said. "To this end, Beijing has undertaken substantial upgrades of its military infrastructure in the Paracels."
China occupies 20 outposts in the chain and improvements include the addition of harbors, helipads, an airstrip, hangars and a surface-to-air missile battery, the report said.
———
CHINA EXPRESSES DISSATISFACTION WITH US OVER LATEST FREEDOM OF NAVIGATION OPERATION NEAR MICHIEF REEF
China expressed its "strong dissatisfaction" with the U.S. over the Navy's latest freedom of navigation operation in which a warship sailed past one of China's man-made islands.
In a statement late Thursday, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang called the U.S. Navy's action a "provocation" that "severely undermines China's sovereignty and security, and severely endangers the safety of frontline personnel of both sides."
China routinely protests such operations, which President Donald Trump's administration has continued partly to reassure allies locked in territorial disputes with Beijing.
The U.S. move will "compel China to take measures to further raise its capacity to defend national territory," Geng said, adding that the Chinese navy "identified the U.S. warship, warned and expelled it."
A U.S. Navy official told The Associated Press that the destroyer USS John S. McCain sailed past Mischief Reef on Thursday but gave no details.
———
TILLERSON VISITS MALAYSIA, THAILAND IN BID TO SHORE UP TIES WITH KEY US SECURITY PARTNERS
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson visited Thailand and Malaysia last week, in an effort to shore up relations with two of America's Southeast Asian allies and urge them to maintain pressure on North Korea. Malaysia exercises claims in the South China Sea, while Thailand lies outside the dispute.
Both have been cultivating closer ties to key trading partner Beijing, raising consternation in Washington, which had angered the country's rulers by raising concerns over human rights, attacks on political rivals and corruption.
Tillerson flew to Bangkok from the Philippines, where he had met with his counterparts from the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations at an annual regional gathering that focused heavily on North Korea's push to advance its nuclear weapons and missile programs.
Deputy Prime Minister Zahid Hamidi said in a statement they held talks Wednesday, centered on security issues including terrorism and human trafficking as well as bilateral and international issues. Tillerson had met Prime Minister Najib Razak after arriving late Tuesday from Bangkok.
During a visit by Najib to Beijing last year, China and Malaysia said their navies will cooperate more in the South China Sea.
Health care workers in Oakland held a rally in support of a nurse who's being deported.Maria Mendoza Sanchez is a registered nurse at Highland Hospital where the rally was being held for her there at noon.Immigration officials are deporting Mendoza Sanchez and her husband back to Mexico this week.The Obama administration had let the couple stay in the u-s on a year-to-year basis because they had jobs and stayed out of legal trouble.Their four children were born in the states.Senator Dianne Feinstein promised to help the couple return to the U.S.
Thursday night, the Oliver Springs Town Council voted to give the Tuppertown Community Center building back to the Anderson County government.
Council members made the move since there has been very little interest from citizens wishing to rent the building for events and the upkeep on the building has been about $3000 a year, which Oliver Springs no longer wishes to pay.
The building will be used by the Anderson County Rescue Squad as an unmanned station and as a place to store equipment, especially equipment that can be used in mountain rescues and other incidents on Windrock. During off-road events at Windrock Park, the station could be manned for even quicker responses.
The recent rise in deaths happening at childcare centres is alarming. Parents not only need guidance in selecting the best daycare or childcare centre, but they also need to ask the right questions before signing their kids up. You can also check on the licenses of childcare centres here.
Here are 10 key questions you should ask the childcare centre to ensure your child is safe at all times:
Is your centre registered with the Department of Social Welfare? Is the registration up-to-date? Does your centre have written policies on emergency, health and confidentiality? What is the minimum qualification of your childcare providers? (Minimum qualification as madated by JKM:KAAK/KAP) What other training do your childcare providers have? How long have your childcare providers been working with you? What is your staff to children ratio? (Minimum required staff: child ratio if under 1-year-old — 1:3 / 1 to 3 years — 1:5 / 3 to 4 years — 1:10) What facilities do your centre offer? (Always ask to see and observe these facilities) Does your centre have a policy on disciplining children? How are children disciplined at your centre? Does your center provide meals? (If yes, ask to view menu and ensure it serves a balanced diet)
**For questions 1 and 2, do ask to see the relevant documents mentioned.
This information is taken from the Guide to Quality Childcare by the Early Childhood Care and Education Council Malaysia (ECCE Council)
Indian Railway Recruitment 2018: A great opportunity for all the aspirants seeking jobs in the Indian Railways as Railway Recruitment has advertised the highest numbers of vacancies till now around 27000 for Assistant Loco Pilot (ALP) and Technician Grade III Post. There are total 21 boards including Ahmedabad, Ajmer, Allahabad, Banglore, Bhopal, Bhubaneswar, Bilaspur, Chandigarh, Chennai, Gorakhpur, Jammu and Kashmir, Kolkata, Malda, Mumbai, Muzaffarpur, Patna, Ranchi, Siliguri, Thiruvananthapuram, Secunderabad. Here are the steps how to apply for Assistant Loco Pilot (ALP) and Technician Grade III Post in Indian Railway.
All the candidates can apply to these RBR centres on or before 26th February 2018 Government job aspirants must make much of this opportunity and start applying as soon as possible
A great opportunity for all the aspirants seeking jobs in the Indian Railways as Railway Recruitment 2018 has advertised the highest numbers of vacancies till now around 27000 for Assistant Loco Pilot (ALP) and Technician Grade III Post. All the candidates who are interested can apply for these pots from February 3, 2018, from 10 am to March 5, 2018, till 23:59 hours on the official website of the respective Railway Recruitment Board (RRB).
Interested candidates who are applying for the post should have completed Matriculation/ SSLC with ITI/Diploma of Engineering can apply for this and therefore should fulfil the prescribed medical standards for each candidate.
The age of the candidate should be 18 to 30 years. Those candidates who belong from reserved category get age relaxation as per the government rules. OBC applicants will get relaxation of 3 years and SC/ST applicants will get relaxation of 5 years.
There are total 21 boards including Ahmedabad, Ajmer, Allahabad, Banglore, Bhopal, Bhubaneswar, Bilaspur, Chandigarh, Chennai, Gorakhpur, Jammu and Kashmir, Kolkata, Malda, Mumbai, Muzaffarpur, Patna, Ranchi, Siliguri, Thiruvanthapuram., Secunderabad. All the candidates can apply to these RBR centres on or before 26th February 2018 Government job aspirants must make much of this opportunity and start applying as soon as possible.
Vacancy details for RBR (CEN 01/2018) 27019 Asst. Loco Pilot (APL) and Technicians Posts
Assistant Loco Pilot- 17849
Technician- 9170
Important Dates for RBR (CEN 01/2018) 27019 Asst. Loco Pilot (APL) and Technicians Posts
Opening dates and time for online registration and submission of applicants-03 February till 23:59 hours
Last date and time for payment of application fee
Online payment (Net banking/Credit Card/Debit Card) 05 March 2018 till 22:00 hours
SBI Bank Challan-05 March 2018 till 13:00 hours
Post Office Challan 03 March 2018 till 13:00 hours
Education Qualification for RBR (CEN 01/2018) 27019 Asst. Loco Pilot (APL) and Technicians Posts
Asst. Loco Pilot (APL)- Matriculation /SSLC with ITI/Diploma of Engineering
Technician Grade III Posts- Matriculation/SSCL with ITI/Diploma of Engineering
Age Limit for RBR (CEN 01/2018) Asst. Loco Pilot (APL) and Technician Posts
Assistant Loco Pilot (APL) Posts: 18-28 years (as on 01.27.18)
Technician Grade III Posts- 18-28 years (as on 01.27.18)
Salary details for RBR (CEN 01/2018) 27019 Asst (APL) and Technicians Posts
Level 02 of 7th CPC Pay Matrix with the initial pay of RS 19900/- plus other allowances as admissible.
Application Fee for RBR (CEN 01/2018) 27019 Asst (APL) and Technicians Posts
For all the candidates (except reserved category) – Rs 500/-
For Reserved categories- Rs. 250/-
Mode of Payment-Online Payment/Bank Challan/ Post Office Challan
How to apply for RBR (CEN 01/2018) 27019 Asst (APL) and Technicians Posts
1. Visit the official website www.indianrailways.gov.in
2. Select the RBR Zone
3. Click on apply online for RBR APL and TEchnician post
4. Fil the required details
5. Upload scanned photo and signature
6. Submit the online form and pay the application fee
7. Take the printout form the future use
Railway Recruitment Summary for RRB (CEN 01/2018) Asst. Loco Pilot (APL) and Technicians Jobs
How to Prepare and Crack Railway Exam
Tips and Tricks for Preparing Railways Recruitment Board Exam-How to Crack RRB Exam
Science isn't always easy to grapple with—particularly the advanced concepts involved in astrophysics and in bleeding-edge explorations of our world and the ones beyond it. But many scientists also will say that they were inspired by childhoods drinking in sci-fi shows—like Star Trek—which allowed their curiosity to live long and prosper.
In the last live webcast of the 2016-2017 Perimeter Public Lecture Series season—which brings high science to the masses at the Perimeter Institute stage in Waterloo, Ont.—cosmologist Neil Turok, astrophysicist Avery Broderick, rocket scientist Natalie Panek, and film director Craig Thompson, discuss the enduring influence of Star Trek, the importance of creativity in science, and the challenges of communicating science to the world. Watch a trailer for the panel here.
While this panel will follow an in-house-only screening of the new TV documentary The Truth Is In The Stars—directed by Thompson and starring William Shatner—it is not necessary to have seen the film to enjoy the webcast discussion.
Interested in seeing it? Make it so: Maclean's is proud to present a live-stream of the panel on June 14 at 8:30 PM ET, with a replay available afterward.
JOHANNESBURG (AP) — Musicians in South Africa performed in a tribute for Hugh Masekela, the jazz musician and anti-apartheid activist who died after a decade-long fight with cancer.
The joyful memorial which drew about 400 people was held Sunday at the Soweto campus of the University of Johannesburg. Among those who performed were South African musicians Jonas Gwangwa, Sipho "Hotstix" Mabuse and Zimbabwean Oliver Mtukudzi.
"We knew he was famous, we knew he was great but we never ever thought he was (as) great as the world has shown us since his death ... how much it loved him," his sister Barbara told the crowd.
"Let us rejoice in the realization that Bra Hugh contributed meaningfully to humanity during his lifetime," said Nathi Mthethwa, South Africa's Minister of Arts and Culture. "Although he can no longer compose new songs, grace our stages and blow the trumpet, we know that his thundering voice will resound beyond the grave. Even death cannot silent his voice. Bra Hugh lives through his music."
Masekela died on Tuesday at the age of 78. The trumpeter, singer and composer started playing the horn at 14. He became an integral part of the 1950s jazz scene in Johannesburg and went to Britain and the United States in the 1960s, using his music to spread awareness about South Africa's oppressive system of white minority rule.
___
AP journalist Nqobile Ntshangase contributed to this report.
LONDON (AP) — James DeGale announced Wednesday that he has vacated his IBF super middleweight title.
"I have relinquished my IBF title as I look to secure big fights in the final chapter of my career," the 32-year-old DeGale wrote on Twitter.
"This is the final phase of my career where I want to be involved in the biggest fights possible. My team have been working very hard behind the scenes and we've got some exciting news to announce soon."
DeGale became the first British Olympic gold medalist to win a professional world title when in 2015 he outpointed Andre Dirrell in Boston.
He has since defended it largely on American soil, including drawing a unification fight with Badou Jack and reclaiming his title following an unexpected defeat by Caleb Truax in London, but is expected to conclude his career in Britain.
With 49% of this week's vote, Cloudland's Josh Blair wins our week seven Play of the Week. Blair spent all week in the weight room, carrying a Unaka defender into the end zone last friday for a touchdown. Three new contenders unveiled Saturday night.
Advertisement
Prego Ristorante, a mainstay for three decades in Irvine, is closing at the end of the month, the owners announced Tuesday.
Tony and Ruth Bedi, who bought the restaurant in 2009, said they decided not to renew their lease with the Irvine Co. The couple plans to relocate the restaurant.
“We know that the restaurant industry is cyclical and things must always evolve to meet the needs of guests and, along those lines, we know that Prego must also evolve to remain relevant in the culinary community,” the Bedis said in a joint statement. “This year, Prego's lease was up for renewal, and we decided to pursue another location in Orange County.”
The Irvine Co. said Davio's, an East Coast Italian steakhouse, is replacing Prego. It will open in late 2017, according to a memo sent to tenants of Irvine Towers.
“As part of our ongoing efforts to bring new and innovative offerings to you, changes are on the way to the dining options here at Irvine Towers,” the Irvine Co. said in the memo. The landlord said they are “grateful” for Prego's more than 30 years of service to the local business community.
Prego's last day open is Feb. 26.
Over the years, Prego had been remodeled a few times, including an overhaul after a 2012 fire. Its location next to Irvine Towers on Von Karman had made it one of Orange County's best places to seal business deals at lunch.
Register restaurant critic Brad A. Johnson called it one of the top 10 power lunch restaurants in Orange County.
“There's always a steady stream of Ubers, Escalades and limos pulling up to the front steps at lunchtime, although most of the daytime crowd just takes the elevator down from the bank towers that rise up directly behind this business-oriented Italian spot,” he wrote.
The Bedis thanked their loyal diners “for being the driving force to help Prego Ristorante experience such a long and successful existence.”
Contact the writer: nluna@scng.com
BERLIN (AP) — About 150 skiers who were stuck on a broken chairlift in central Austria for several hours were rescued safely Monday, by helicopters and mountain rescue teams, Austrian police said Monday.
Styria provincial police said on Twitter that all the skiers taken off the Rosenkranz chairlift at Kreischberg mountain north of Klagenfurt were uninjured.
The lift stopped working early in the afternoon working because of technical problems. Three helicopters and several mountain aid groups were involved in the operation, the Austrian news agency APA reported.
Local media reported that it would have taken too long to repair the broken chair lift, so authorities decided to start evacuating the skiers.
Authorities informed the stuck riders with loud speakers in several languages that they would rescue them. Members of rescue team then climbed up to the chairs from below and brought some of the people down with ropes. Others were lifted up onto helicopters.
The stopped chairs were 7-10 meters (23-33 feet) above the ground. The weather was comparatively mild, so no one suffered any ill-effects from cold.
Beyoncé might be having the Carter twins right this second. History could be in the process of being made. So cross your fingers and listen up.
Last night rumors began to swirl when someone wrote to the gossip site The Shade Room, saying, “My homegirl works at UCLA Hospital and she … told me that Beyoncé and her team showed up to the hospital and that they're in the process of shutting down the whole 5th floor. She also said that they're moving patients to another building.” The anonymous fan also pointed out that hair stylist Chuck Amos took to Instagram yesterday, and shared a photo of Bey.
Although these are just rumors at this point, fans spotted heavy security at the Los Angeles hospital. But this isn't the first time that rumors have swirled that Beyoncé had given birth to the twins. That's right, some people think she has already given birth.
A couple of weeks ago, another fan thought they spotted Beyoncé's mom, Tina, at a hospital in L.A.
THIS IS NOT A DRILL! TINA KNOWLES WAS SEEN AT A HOSPITAL IN LA!!! #BeyHive pic.twitter.com/CPhbAOTlzV — Kalen Allen (@TheKalenAllen) May 21, 2017
And in another example, Twitter was convinced that Beyoncé's Memorial Day Instagram photo was a decoy because her belly looked smaller than at the Carter Push Party.
Memorial Day:
Carter Push Party:
Fans also noticed that in the Memorial Day photo, she was wearing the same hairstyle she had earlier in the month … something Bey rarely does.
Last one — around the same time the Memorial Day photo was posted, Solange canceled her performance at a Boston music festival. Her excuse was “production drama/delays,” buuuut was it just an aunt visiting her new family members?
I'm really really sorry/sad about this but I fought hard to only give u my best, & tons of production drama/delays got all up in the way:( https://t.co/sy8rFQ9kCq — solange knowles (@solangeknowles) May 25, 2017
It's easy to get caught up in all the theories, so here's the counterpoint. A week or so after all this, Jay-Z was spotted in Jamaica. So let me ask you: If Bey had just given birth to twins, would Jay up and leave for Jamaica?
In other entertainment news, Paul McCartney accidentally punched Eddie Vedder:
CAIRO (AP) — A little-known Egyptian politician who is a staunch supporter of President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi submitted his candidacy documents to the election commission on Monday, becoming a last-minute challenger to the incumbent.
El-Sissi is virtually certain of winning a second, four-year term in the March 26-28 vote. But after a string of would-be challengers were arrested, forced out or quit the race, the prospect of a one-candidate election has proven embarrassing for the government.
Pro-government media and public figures loyal to el-Sissi had pressured one of Egypt's oldest political parties, the Wafd, to field a candidate. But after two days of marathon deliberations, the party decided Saturday not to field a candidate and instead to renew its support for a second term for the president.
El-Sissi's campaign said the president should not be blamed for the withdrawal of candidates or the reluctance of others to enter the race.
"The presidential hopeful (el-Sissi) is not responsible for the reluctance of politicians to effectively participate in politics," campaign spokesman Mohammed Abu Shaqah told a news conference on Monday. He also said el-Sissi should not be blamed for the failure of would-be candidates to secure one of the key constitutional requirements to run: Support of 20 elected lawmakers or "recommendations" from 25,000 voters.
Moussa Mustafa Moussa of the Ghad, or Tomorrow, party, was the subject of intense speculation over the weekend, with many predicting he would step forward as a face-saving candidate. On Monday, one of his top aides submitted documents to the election commission on his behalf.
Monday at 2 p.m. (1200 GMT) was the deadline for submitting candidacy documents.
Moussa, whose party does not have a single member in parliament, insisted his candidacy was serious. He argued that his party, which supports el-Sissi, had long prepared to field a challenger, but changed its mind when former prime minister and air force general Ahmed Shafiq said he would run.
Addressing a news conference Monday at the party's headquarters in downtown Cairo, Moussa said Shafiq's withdrawal from the race changed that.
"A very large question mark loomed over the whole affair," he said, alluding to the absence of challengers. "But we are not running as a courtesy to anyone and we don't expect anyone to do us any favors. We are in this for a real competition."
Besides Shafiq, would-be challengers who are no longer in the race include a former military chief of staff, a prominent rights lawyer and a former lawmaker. They were unlikely to win the race, but their participation would have attracted protest votes against el-Sissi, including from Egyptians hit hard by the president's austerity measures and other economic reforms.
A previous leader of the Ghad Party, Ayman Nour, ran against Egypt's long-ruling President Hosni Mubarak in 2005, in the country's first multi-candidate election. Nour lost by a huge margin amid widespread allegations of vote-rigging and was jailed in December of that year.
Nour had fired Moussa before he was jailed, but Moussa returned and defeated him in a leadership battle in 2011, the same year Mubarak was overthrown in a popular uprising. Nour is now a harsh critic of el-Sissi's rule and lives in exile abroad.
El-Sissi led the 2013 ouster of a freely elected but divisive president, the Islamist Mohammed Morsi, and has since overseen what is perhaps the largest crackdown on dissent in the country's living memory. Thousands of Morsi supporters have been jailed, along with secular activists. Most critics in the media have been silenced, human rights groups have been heavily restricted and scores of online news sites have been blocked.
Five opposition figures, including a 2012 presidential candidate and two top campaign aides for now-arrested presidential hopeful Sami Annan, called for a boycott of the vote, saying it has lost all credibility.
In a statement Sunday, they also called on Egyptians not to recognize the presidential vote's outcome if it goes ahead.
The statement was a bold move that could be perceived as an attempt to derail the electoral process by authorities that have shown little tolerance for dissent. It is also likely to encourage more expressions of discontent over what critics see as the president's increasingly authoritarian traits.
Earlier on Monday, prosecutors said they have detained three men over the assault on the country's former top auditor, Hesham Genena. Sacked by el-Sissi after alleging widespread corruption, Genena had come out in support of Anan, a former military chief of staff who was seen as a potentially strong challenger before his arrest. The prosecutors said the suspects were ordered detained for four days, pending investigation. They face charges of armed robbery.
Annan was arrested by the military last Tuesday on several charges, including incitement against the armed forces and forgery.
Local parade organisers are being offered free training and road signs to keep the important local tradition alive.
Lincolnshire's Remembrance Day and St George's Day parades have been a highlight in the county calendar for decades.
However, due to the demands of operational policing, Lincolnshire Police can no longer manage the necessary road closures for these events as it has done in the past. This has caused a number of event organisers to make last minute changes to the arrangements and settings for events, cutting some short - as happened with the parade through Sleaford in November.
The police have joined forces with Lincolnshire County Council, who handle requests to close roads, to offer free training to help organisers manage their own parades, ensuring that these community events can continue.
Sessions will take place in June and July, with all attendees becoming ‘recognised parade supervisors'.
And as organisers sometimes struggle with the expense of providing the necessary road signs, the council has also agreed to lend organisers some of its own stock free of charge.
Assistant Chief Constable for Lincolnshire Police, Shaun West says: “These events remain close to our hearts and we will continue to come together with communities to pay our respects and enjoy the patriotic celebrations whenever we can.
“In the past we have helped manage road closures too, but sadly we no longer have the resources to do this.
“Over the last two years we have been working closely with organisers to develop their understanding of their roles and responsibilities in delivering events, ensuring that they are safe and lawful.
“We have worked with many but some are still developing their ability to self-manage events and these sessions will provide this additional support. We strongly recommend attending the training as it will make the process much easier for organisers in the future and help to keep residents safe.”
Coun Richard Davies, Executive Member for Highways at Lincolnshire County Council, added: “These parades are an important local tradition and we're keen to see them continue. This training will give the organisers a better idea of what's needed to keep everyone safe. That will give them a head start when drawing up their event plans, which should, in turn, mean that we can get them approved more quickly.
“In addition, we know that having to provide signage and barriers can sometimes prove a sticking point, so we'll have a supply of these available for organisers to borrow free of charge. That should help ensure that people can continue to enjoy these great community events for years to come.”
Police and Crime Commissioner Marc Jones says: “I am a passionate supporter of Remembrance Day parades. They are a crucial part of our culture and an important way to commemorate and give thanks to those who sacrificed their lives to protect our freedoms.
“It is extremely important that we support the individuals and organisations who work tirelessly to ensure these important events take place.
“It is vital that such parades are viable and sustainable in a context of growing safety concerns at public events and I am committed to helping organisers safeguard the public.”
Tony Goodwin, Lincolnshire Legion county chairman for the Royal British Legion, said: “The Royal British Legion Lincolnshire support this initiative and have worked closely with the Lincolnshire Police previously to ensure Remembrance Parades are conducted safely and lawfully.”
All parade organisers have been contacted with an invitation to complete the training at Police and Fire HQ in Nettleham. Two training sessions have taken place and two more will take place on July 7 and 21. If you haven't received an invitation and would like to attend contact Lincolnshire Police's Event Planning Team on 01522 558033.
For more information about applying to hold a public event which may affect the highway visit the Lincolnshire County Council website.
Heckington Parish Council representatives were among the first to undergo the training sessions in readiness for their village Remembrance Sunday event, which involves stopping traffic in the High Street and Church Street and were full of praise.
The chairman, deputy and clerk all attended the training. Chairman Coun Jan Palmer said: “It was an excellent course - well delivered, well planned and concise.
“We now need to buy 10 long-sleeved, high-visibility zip-up vests to comply with regulations and we must have two marshals at road closures. We have to be more precise about the location of the closure and include other roads and need radios - it will be far more official.”
She invited volunteers to help with the marshalling and one had already come forward.
It turns out the federal government has an extensive list of suggested rules to encourage respect for our flag
It turns out the federal government has an extensive list of suggested rules to encourage respect for our flag
Treating Old Glory right: How to display the American flag
Treating Old Glory right: How to display the American flag
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep.
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep.
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep. (Source: WXYZ/CNN)
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep. (Source: WXYZ/CNN)
On Wednesday, Americans will visit parks, lakes, rivers and other public spaces to watch their hometown fireworks display to celebrate Independence Day.
On Wednesday, Americans will visit parks, lakes, rivers and other public spaces to watch their hometown fireworks display to celebrate Independence Day.
Fireworks light up the sky over the Philadelphia Museum of Art during an Independence Day celebration, Wednesday, July 4, 2012, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
Fireworks light up the sky over the Philadelphia Museum of Art during an Independence Day celebration, Wednesday, July 4, 2012, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
New York, Philadelphia is among America's best Fourth of July fireworks displays
New York, Philadelphia is among America's best Fourth of July fireworks displays
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win his 11th title at Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win his 11th title at Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Carmen Cincotti, left, poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday.
By REBECCA GIBIAN
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Joey "Jaws" Chestnut extended his reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for the 11th time.
Miki Sudo held on to her title as the top women's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
Chestnut said he was "feeling good."
"I found a vicious rhythm," the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session.
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
"Frankly, the judging was just off," said George Shea, the longtime Coney Island announcer. "Joey said, 'Look at my plates,' and Carmen said, 'Look at my plates.' We counted the plates that they had eaten and it was 64 and 74."
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74, two more than he consumed last year.
"At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record," said Cincotti, who celebrated his 26th birthday on Wednesday. "Apparently they were good dogs."
A total of $40,000 in prize money was up for grabs, with the first-place winners taking home $10,000 each.
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco, of Tucson, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, of Franklin, New Jersey, said she was attending the competitive eating competition to support her husband, Dwight Pleasant, who "loves wieners."
"We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list," she said.
___
This story has been corrected to show the hometown is spelled Tucson, not Tuscon.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — They detect drugs, they know when people are about to have seizures, and now dogs may be able to tell when people have cancer.
As CBS2's Dr. Max Gomez reported, that could lead to an at-home test for some cancers.
“People have never thought that dogs can smell molecules that relate to cancer, and recent studies show that they can,” said Dr. Mangilal Agarwal of Indiana University-Purdue University's Center for Diabetes and Metabolic Diseases.
Dogs seem to be be able to smell certain odors in the urine of prostate cancer patients.
“So our big question is to see what dogs are smelling,” Agarwal said.
Researchers are hoping to identify the molecules the dogs are sniffing and develop an early screening method that works sort of like Fido's nose. Then they'll use the dogs to help test their technology. It could be a sensor that works like a home pregnancy test, only for prostate cancer.
“You can do the test in a clinic, you can do the test at home,” Agarwal said. “And the same-day results and same-day discussion with you doctor.”
The key would be how sensitive and how specific such a test would be. Both would have to be demonstrated to the FDA in order to receive approval. But given the imperfections of the current PSA test, this could change the way prostate cancer is diagnosed.
Researchers add it could be years before such screening tests would be available.
Murphy free to face Exiles 14 June 2017
Carlow's Brendan Murphy with Diarmuid Connolly of Dublin Carlow's Brendan Murphy with Diarmuid Connolly of Dublin
There was no joy for Diarmuid Connolly in front of the Central Hearings Committee last night but Carlow's Brendan Murphy got his red card rescinded.
The Barrowsiders' midfielder was sent off for two yellow card offences against Connolly & Co in the Leinster SFC quarter-final at O'Moore Park.
He refused to accept his proposed one match ban and argued that referee Sean Hurson made the wrong call when giving him his first booking.
The Committee agreed with his version of events, finding that 'the first Yellow Card was issued in error and, accordingly, the Fixed Penalty of a One Match Suspension should not apply'.
That means Murphy will be free to line out against London in the All-Ireland SFC qualifier at Ruislip.
Eight flights have been cancelled at Newcastle Airport today.
Departure flights affected are the KLM flight to Amsterdam from Newcastle at 1:25pm and the flight at 5:35pm .
The British Airways flight from Newcastle to London Heathrow at 12:05pm and at 2:25pm have also been cancelled.
Cancelled arrivals flights are the 9:15am flybe flight from Aberdeen to Newcastle.
The 11am British Airways flight from London Heathrow to Newcastle; the 12:40pm and the 4:45pm KLM flight from Amsterdam to Newcastle.
Anderson County Community Action says that it is that time of the year again for everyone to sign back up on the new, yellow commodity card! Signups will begin on Monday October 16th, on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays from 8 am to 12 noon. The cut off will be Friday November 3rd at 12. To sign up you must be an Anderson County resident, bring in proof of ALL household income (not a bank statement) and proof of address.
In accordance with the Federal law and U.S. Department of Agriculture policy, this institution is prohibited from discrimination on the base of race, color, national origin, sex age, or disability. This institution in an equal opportunity provider.
Commodities will be distributed on Thursday November 16, 2017 from 10-1 at the National Guard Armory in Clinton. If Anderson County schools are closed due to weather, the distribution will be rescheduled. Please listen to WYSH radio and check local listing for rescheduling information. For more information, please call 865-457-5500.
As tensions mount between the U.S. and North Korea, so does the number of unanswered questions.
Would the U.S. launch a pre-emptive strike?
Would North Korea really attack Guam?
What role will China play?
How did we get to this point?
In this show, we're taking all questions, big and small, on North Korea. Send them to us with this form, or tune in and give us a call.
GUESTS
Keith Luse, Executive director, National Committee on North Korea; he served as the Republican East Asia policy adviser to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee from 2003 until 2013
Sheila Smith, Senior fellow for Japan Studies, Council on Foreign Relations; author of “Intimate Rivals: Japanese Domestic Politics and a Rising China”; @SheilaSmithCFR
Jon Wolfsthal, Nonresident scholar with the Nuclear Policy Program, Carnegie Endowment for International Peace; he served in the Obama administration as senior director for arms control and nonproliferation at the National Security Council
For more, visit http://the1a.org.
© 2017 WAMU 88.5 – American University Radio.
The half-day workshop is aimed at nonprofits looking to be more successful in their digital marketing efforts. Keynote topics include the importance and impact of a strong website along with a digital marketing strategy.
To register for the workshop, email outreach@noblestudios.com or fill out the request form at: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdnSv7uw6YzCmeIlJ8sWDhK909AVrvlikMeKwNxccswqj60zQ/viewform. Space is limited.
Lawmakers affected by IB ‘terrorism list' demand clarification by government
Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi met the director general of the Intelligence Bureau (IB), the law minister along with several members of parliament allegedly investigated by the Intelligence Bureau (IB) for links to terror outfits, media reported.
DG IB Aftab Sultan briefed the members of parliament on the issue, clarifying once again that the bureau is not responsible for the list, which purportedly names lawmakers with links to terrorists and was alleged to have been sent to IB by Prime Minister House when Nawaz Sharif was in office.
The lawmakers named in the list informed the prime minister that it could create a lot of issues for them since their opponents could use it to form cases and claim they were not fit to hold public office under Articles 62 and 63 of the Constitution, sources said.
They demanded that the the government inform the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ministry of Interior and the Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP) that the list is fake so they are protected form any action based on it.
The Law Minister Zahid Hamid suggested that the affected lawmakers move a privilege motion in the National Assembly to this end, but the lawmakers said that they do not want to take the matter so far and simply wanted that their names to be cleared officially.
The prime minister and NA Speaker Ayaz Sadiq agreed with the suggestions presented by the affected lawmakers, media report.
The list contained the names of 37 lawmakers who were alleged to have links with banned outfits. It first came to light when a private television channel aired a report claiming that former prime minister Nawaz Sharif had directed the IB to keep a watch on the listed legislators, who mostly belong to the PML-N.
The IB and the Prime Minister House have on multiple occasions denied the existence of any such list, and the information ministry has termed it a forgery.
Getty Image
The world is watching closely as North Korea ramps up its nuclear power and weapons programs in a very public manner. However, according to the Washington Post, while everyone has kept tabs on Kim Jong-un and President Donald Trump belittling each other, North Korea has been quietly improving its biological weapons program.
U.S. intelligence is currently working under the assumption that North Korea hasn't actually manufactured any biological weapons. Instead, they are surmising what the country will likely be able to do with little turnaround time:
“That the North Koreans have [biological] agents is known, by various means,” said one senior U.S. official familiar with military preparations for a biological attack. The official, like several others interviewed, spoke on the condition of anonymity regarding sensitive military assessments. “The lingering question is, why have they acquired the materials and developed the science, but not yet produced weapons?”
The story traces its roots to the 1980s, when North Korean defectors were discovered to have antibodies for smallpox and anthrax. This confirmed America and South Korea's suspicions that the North Korean military had a biological weapons program. In 2015, Kim Jong-un was photographed touring what was described as a factory for creating pesticides, but the pictured machinery “[included] industrial-scale fermenters used for growing bulk quantities of live microbes, and large dryers designed to turn billions of bacterial spores into a fine powder for easy dispersal.”
(Via Washington Post)
That will be determined by time. Mr. Carrion-Murayari, 37, and Mr. Gartenfeld, 31, the deputy director and chief curator at the Institute of Contemporary Art in Miami, made nearly two dozen trips around the world, to places where artist communities weren't digitally accessible. “We really made a focus of looking at artist-run and alternative spaces as ways of questioning how global art markets have been growing,” Mr. Gartenfeld said.
A shared mind-set that emerged among the chosen — many showing in the United States for the first time — is “the recognition that what we're experiencing today is the continuation of colonialism that has never truly ended,” Mr. Carrion-Murayari said. Artists like Daniela Ortiz from Peru and Cian Dayrit from the Philippines speak in very similar ways about “ethnic and racist divisions that were put in place” during the colonial period, the curator said, and they are responding with subversive gestures.
Photo
Ms. Ortiz has proposed replacements for monuments to Christopher Columbus in Madrid; Lima, Peru; and New York, including a ceramic sculpture of a refugee wearing a shirt that says, “The migratory control system is the continuation of colonialism.” In Mr. Song's comical video installation called “Who Is the Loveliest Guy?” the artist persuaded Chinese naval officers to ride a high-speed roller coaster, then videotaped their efforts to stay stern and composed — although ultimately their authority and restraint broke down.
“That's sabotage, and that's also song,” Mr. Gartenfeld said. Here is a preview of six of the triennial's activist-artists.
Haroon Gunn-Salie
AGE 28
BORN Cape Town
LIVES/WORKS Between Johannesburg and Belo Horizonte, Brazil
Photo
Working with dispossessed communities in South Africa and Brazil, Mr. Gunn-Salie makes immersive multimedia installations that give form to the residents' oral histories. For the triennial, he consulted with the widows and survivors of the 2012 Marikana massacre in South Africa to create a sculpture and sound installation memorializing the 34 miners killed by police as the workers were attempting to peacefully disperse after a weeklong strike.
Mr. Gunn-Salie used police footage of the crouching protesters at the moment right before the police opened fire to recreate the event with life-size figures, headless and spectral, made of workers' clothing stiffened and sculpted with mixed media. “It's almost like a graveyard,” said Mr. Gunn-Salie, who also included the sounds of blasting from the mine as a link to the landscape. After New York, he said he planned to take the work home to be shown as a way of “further engaging what is going on with our country and our leaders,” and pointed out that one of the managing directors of the mine is now highly placed in the South African government. The artwork, he added, raises “a question of complicity.”
Photo
Claudia Martínez Garay
AGE 34
BORN Ayacucho, Peru
LIVES/WORKS Amsterdam
Born during the civil war in Peru between Shining Path's communist insurgents and the government, Ms. Martínez Garay deconstructs visual imagery in propaganda as a way of understanding worldwide labor and social movements. For the triennial, she scoured the International Institute of Social History in Amsterdam for posters and leaflets across the political spectrum, focusing on repetitive imagery of fighting warriors and animals. She is interested in how the same types of images have been used by right and left ideologies to manipulate the viewer. She reproduced the figures as painted wood cutouts and juxtaposed them attacking each other in a mural-size work called “Cannon Fodder.” “It's like watching a cock fight,” she said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Wilmer Wilson IV
AGE 28
BORN Richmond, Va.
LIVES/WORKS Philadelphia
Photo
In his mixed-media work and live performances, Mr. Wilson investigates “the way that blackness is represented in the city space,” he said — specifically the treatment of black bodies as objects of labor or desire, and the ever-present threat of violence. “I'm interested in producing a different possibility of representation” for African-Americans, the artist said, “one that's divergent from a pervading global advertising style.”
For the New Museum, he gathered fliers and posters for church plays, strip clubs and concerts that he found stapled to scaffolding and telephone poles or stuck to windshields in his neighborhood in West Philadelphia. Mr. Wilson enlarged the photographic portraits to life-size and affixed them to plywood panels using thousands of reflective staples that screen part of the portraits, revealing just hands, feet, mouths and ears. The subjects are protected, Mr. Wilson said — even as the artist is locking them in.
Shen Xin
AGE 27
BORN Chengdu, China
LIVES/WORKS London and Amsterdam
Photo
Ms. Shen makes poetic film and video installations that explore how the authority of science and spirituality can be eroded by real-life experiences. Our personal identities, emotions and relationships are constantly testing our belief systems, she said. In “Provocation of the Nightingale” (2017-18), one screen features YouTube videos of people discussing how the results of their AncestryDNA genetic tests shattered, or affirmed, their self-images. The facing screen shows an intimate and wide-ranging conversation between two actors playing female lovers talking about religious assimilation, the ethics of DNA testing, abuses of power and rape. “Shen is driven to ask these questions because of a personal desire to understand herself,” Mr. Carrion-Murayari said. But the universal nature of the issues she explores “makes them very relevant within a global context.”
Photo
Hardeep Pandhal
AGE 32
BORN Birmingham, England
LIVES/WORKS Glasgow
A second-generation British Sikh, Mr. Pandhal often uses animation to satirize racist and cultural stereotypes of his community in Britain. For the triennial, his psychedelic and humorous music video “Pool Party Pilot Episode” features imprisoned sperm cells with turbans and beards. Delivered in rap and rhyme, the artist's narration splices together text from Charlotte Perkins Gilman's novel “Herland,” about a society of women who reproduce asexually, and Elaine Morgan's theory — not widely accepted — that we evolved from early ape ancestors who lived in the water. “Part of the work pokes at what constitutes race,” Mr. Pandhal said. “There's also a sort of ridiculing of male power.” He is curious how the work will be understood outside Britain. “In America, there's a well-documented confusion people have about Sikh men and Muslims,” he said.
Photo
Janiva Ellis
AGE 30
BORN Oakland, Calif.
LIVES/WORKS Los Angeles
Ms. Ellis grew up in Hawaii where she described feeling like “the only black person.” Now she makes paintings that communicate the isolation and pain of the African-American female experience. Each of her three allegorical canvases in the triennial is set in a pastoral outdoor environment, to contrast with “the internal mayhem” her subjects feel, Ms. Ellis said. In “Curb-Check Regular, Black Chick” (2017), the “battlefield” is a farmers' market. A dark-skinned woman selecting produce appears to have internal organs erupting from her chest. Three white women recede in the distance. “You're in this pleasant situation, picking up a cabbage, but there's still a fraught dialogue that happens, whether it be a memory or something a stranger says” that can feel psychologically eviscerating, Ms. Ellis said. The paintings are “not only an attempt to communicate to nonblack women my experience, but also to call to other black women, ‘Do you feel this, too?'”
{"id":51713524,"title":"Oklahoma QB becomes first non-recruit to win Heisman","duration":"0:33","description":"Sooners quarterback Baker Mayfield garnered the third-highest percentage of possible points ever in Heisman Trophy voting.","url":"/GMA/video/oklahoma-qb-recruit-win-heisman-51713524","section":"GMA","mediaType":"default"}
The GOP tax plan isn't done yet, but tax-policy experts are already predicting benefits for Ohio manufacturers.
The GOP tax-plan's impact on Ohio manufacturing
Economists always hedge a little when it comes to predicting the future.
Mark Sniderman is a former policy advisor at the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland. What he is willing to say is, “I see some benefits from the tax reform over the next couple of years, but then I see those benefits kind of gradually fading out."
He says Ohio will probably see modest job gains. But the real winners will be manufacturers. On top of big tax cuts for corporations, the tax plan includes a provision that lets companies deduct the full cost of new equipment purchases immediately, instead of over a number of years. That means more money in the company coffers right now, which Republicans say will translate into jobs and higher wages.
Amy Hanauer is skeptical. She heads up the nonprofit think-tank Policy Matters Ohio.
"I mean, it's pretty clear that they'll increase corporate profits," Hanauer says.
She says it's not clear that will translate into companies investing in their workforce and not just their shareholders.
A recent report by the Ohio Development Services Agency says manufacturing makes up one-sixth of the state's economic output.
Flip side
Another provision, which would repeal the Affordable Care Act's individual insurance mandate, is in the Senate plan. Hanauer says that could mean fewer people will get insurance, which would hurt health care providers' bottom lines and lead to fewer jobs.
"If people reduce coverage, they'll reduce the health care that they're getting. And if they reduce the health care that they're getting that'll mean fewer people employed in that sector," Hanauer says.
Hanauer says that's especially important for Ohio, where four of the top 10 employers are hospital groups and between 10 and 15 percent of all jobs are in the health care industry.
The House and Senate are currently reconciling their bills in an effort to meet a Christmas deadline set by President Trump.
You know how to EAT THIS CITY. With top chefs as tour guides, you've learned how to scout out hot spots for breakfast and brunch, where to go for a delicious date night, and how to feast like a local liege in the cities you love. But where do you wash it all down? Do you know how to find the best brewpub? Uncover who makes the meanest bloody marys and the most sparkling mimosas?
You're about to find out. Welcome to DRINK THIS CITY!
This week we're jetting out to Austin, Texas. While Austinites may be devoted to keeping their city weird, it's clear that the local bartenders are equally devoted to keeping their drinking culture top shelf. There's more than enough watering holes to keep cocktail connoisseurs in their cups for months on end, so we're thrilled to have Caitlyn Jackson, Bar Supervisor at Geraldine's in Kimpton Hotel Van Zandt as our tour guide.
Belly up to the bar at Geraldine's and peruse a menu celebrating unique ingredients (think Martine honeysuckle, mascarpone foam, pine smoke), and favored classics with a distinctly Geraldinian twist (the house gin and tonic features Tanqueray gin, grapefruit, cardamom, rosemary, and Fever Tree tonic). Whether you like your cocktails playful or traditional, one thing you'll never be while drinking at Geraldine's is bored.
Once you've had a meal and a drink at Geraldine's, accompanied by live music, you'll be ready to explore all that Austin has to offer. Ready to drink this city with help from Caitlyn? Let's go!
BRUNCH COCKTAIL OR HAIR OF THE DOG
Taco More and Yellow Jacket Social Club
https://www.instagram.com/p/BfwVWuABqKR/?tagged=tacomore
The McMimosa is back… A post shared by yellowjacketsocialclub (@yellowjacketsocialclub) on Feb 25, 2018 at 11:25am PST
If I am flying solo, I go for a super spicy michelada from Taco More, a semi-hidden gem right around the corner from my house (because who wants to drive far whilst hungover?); and if I am brunching with a group, grabbing a bucket of mimosas on the patio at Yellow Jacket hits the spot. A mimosa combined with ‘The Mister' and sun shining on your face with friends is the BEST hair of the dog.
TWENTY years ago the inclusion of cup-holders in a utility vehicle was considered a little bit fancy.
Today, many customers, particularly those off-farm, expect a four-wheel-drive with optional seat warmer, electronic seat adjust and key-less entry.
Knowing the average Hilux customer spends upward of $4000 on accessories, Toyota have launched three new models with a variety of bells and whistles as standard.
In dealers from April 26, the Rugged, Rugged X and Rogue models, collectively known as the Halo series will be launched to take on the luxury market, currently being eroded by competitors Volkswagen Amarok, Ford Rager and most recently, Mercedes-Benz.
Toyota Australia, vice president sales and marketing, Sean Hanley said the models were built in Thailand of an SR or SR5 mechanical base, but had been re-designed specifically for Australian customers, with all new components fully integrated and engineered into the core vehicle.
“The Rugged X, Rogue and Rugged are not accessorised special editions,” he said.
““They are fully fledged new Hilux models that our customers demanded and we can be justifiably proud that they were designed and developed here in Australia.”
Toyota, design manager, Peter Elliott said the brief for the Rugged X was to create a top-end Hilux which was fully equipped for serious off-roading.
The model combines a luxury interior with fully integrated steel front bar, alloy bash plate, lighting elements and recovery points.
“The lighting system, as well as providing exceptional illumination at night, was also designed with off-road environments in mind,” he said.
“Add-on light bars and driving lights can interfere with the vehicle's cooling system or get damaged easily.
“By integrating the LED lightbar into the bar and positioning the outboard driving lights up high, they are all more protected.”
Mr Elliot said the same level of functional protection is provided by the body-side and wheel-arch mouldings and rock rails.
By Eric Heinz
A 27-year-old man died after crashing his vehicle while traveling at a “high speed” on Pacific Coast Highway at Doheny Park Plaza in Dana Point on Sunday morning, Jan. 1, according to Orange County Sheriff's Department Officials.
Pacific Coast Highway at the area was closed off until 7:30 a.m. Sunday morning and lanes in both directions were open as of 9:30 a.m., officials said.
Lt. Lloyd Downing, the department commander handling public relations for the case, said the man was driving in rainy conditions at 2:30 a.m. near Doheny Park Plaza when he lost control of his vehicle, struck a pole, was ejected from his car and subsequently run over by an oncoming motorist.
Downing said the other motorist who struck the ejected man was not cited in the incident. Downing also said the speed of the driver hasn't been determined.
A name of the man has not yet been released. No other factors were listed as contributing to the incident. The Orange County Coroner's Office will make the final determination on factors that contributed to the death.
If you have any information regarding the incident, call the Orange County Sheriff's Department at 949.770.6011.
Editor's note: This is a developing story. More information will be provided when it is available.
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian made a brief court appearance Tuesday and has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit, showed no emotion as he stated his name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered him remanded in custody until he appears by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack.
His father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
Dr. Margaret Savage Crisis Centre Bonnyville Community Support office is hosting an open house for residents to come out and learn more about what the organization offers to the community.
The centre in Bonnyville opened about a year ago to educate the residents in that area.
“Our community support program is really about prevention and education and raising awareness,” said resource development coordinator with the Dr. Savage Crisis Centre Serina Parsons.
Since it opened, the centre has assisted many residents and wants to focus more on networking with the community as its new to Bonnyville.
“It is a networking event for people to come in and speak with members of our community support team and as well as the director and myself to ask any questions they may have,” she said.
The centre runs in conjunction with many organizations in the community and the open house is running in partnership with the Bonnyville and District FCSS.
The Dr. Margaret Savage Crisis Centre in Cold Lake operates as an emergency centre for women and children who are fleeing domestic violence while Joie's Phoenix House assists with independent living in an apartment for up to a year.
“We have an emergency shelter which really deals with emergencies and immediate needs then we have Joie's which helps women and their children for their future and break that cycle of domestic violence,” adding the new centre in Bonnyville is taking a pro-active approach in the community as it educates the local residents about issues related to domestic violence.
She explained these programs are important to the community and the open house will help the organization members network with the community and develop more resources which will be beneficial in the long run.
“The centre can help and it includes one-on-one support because not everyone requires our residential services but they're still maybe experiencing domestic violence one way or another,” she said.
mlulla@postmedia.com
By AMY TAXIN
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature unconstitutionally approved it during a special session.
State Attorney General Xavier Becerra asked an appeals court to block and reverse the decision by Riverside County Superior Court Judge Daniel Ottolia.
The court denied the state's request to immediately block the ruling. But experts say Becerra has other legal options and could ask the state Supreme Court to weigh in to try to restore the law.
For now, there are many questions on the impact of the ruling. Here are some of them:
WHAT DID THE LAW ALLOW?
Adults could obtain a prescription for life-ending drugs if a doctor determined they had six months or less to live. To ensure they didn't have a change of heart, patients had to make two verbal requests at least 15 days apart and submit a written request.
California health officials reported 111 terminally ill people took drugs to end their lives in the first six months the law was in effect.
Compassion & Choices, a national organization that supports the law and wants it reinstated, estimated that 504 Californians requested prescriptions in the law's first year.
The next state report on the number of people who took the drugs is expected in July.
WHAT DID THE JUDGE DECIDE?
Ottolia's ruling, which was filed with the court last week, didn't address the legal issue of whether it was proper to allow people to end their own lives. Rather, he found that the law should not have been passed during a special session in 2015.
Those who supported the measure say state lawmakers were justified in taking up the issue because the session was devoted to health-related topics.
The appeals court that refused to block Ottolia's order has not yet considered the state's request to reverse the ruling. Ottolia on Wednesday rejected a request by Compassion & Choices to vacate his decision and scheduled a June 29 hearing on a similar request from the attorney general's office.
What does all this mean for now?
"We are in the world that we were before the law went into effect," said Erwin Chemerinsky, dean of the law school at the University of California, Berkeley.
WHAT HAPPENS TO THOSE WHO PLANNED TO USE THE LAW?
Patients who have not obtained prescriptions for life-ending medications can't legally get them now, said Dr. Lonny Shavelson, whose practice was solely focused on those cases.
Shavelson said he still is meeting with patients and taking their initial requests for drugs but not issuing prescriptions. And he said he can't guarantee their requests will count toward the required waiting period should the law be restored.
Shavelson said patients who previously obtained prescriptions can take their medication if they choose to. But with the law not in effect, it's possible a medical examiner could declare the death a suicide, which could create challenges for family members claiming insurance payments.
"I am spending a lot of time calming down really freaked-out patients," he said.
COULD DOCTORS FACE PROSECUTION?
Shavelson said he and his colleagues met recently and determined they were no longer in business because of the judge's ruling. Similarly, Kaiser Permanente halted the health network's end-of-life program.
What would happen to a doctor who wrote a prescription? Experts said that's largely up to prosecutors and can vary by jurisdiction.
Matt Valliere, executive director of the Patients' Rights Action Fund that wants the law thrown out, said he believes doctors who write prescriptions can and should be prosecuted for assisting in a suicide, which is a felony under California law.
Kathryn Tucker, executive director of the End of Life Liberty Project, said she doubts prosecutors would go after doctors who continue to treat pre-existing patients. But she said she doesn't expect doctors to issue new prescriptions without greater legal certainty.
CAN LAWMAKERS PASS ANOTHER LAW?
It's possible for lawmakers to propose another measure, but it took years for the state's now-blocked law to be passed. A new proposal on such an emotional issue would not sail through the Legislature.
Tucker said legal wrangling in the courts will likely take less time than another legislative push.
"What's at stake is of a very time-sensitive nature," she said.
Becerra's office asked the appeals court to consider the case on a quicker timeframe than the average appeal.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
× Expand Chris Christie Joseph Siegelman Attorneys Chris Christie, at left, and Joseph Siegelman are the Alabama Democratic Party's candidates for state attorney general.
The Hoover Democrats group tonight is featuring the Alabama Democratic Party's two candidates for state attorney general and candidates for Jefferson County district attorney at the group's April meeting.
Attorneys Chris Christie and Joseph Siegelman, the two Democratic candidates for state attorney general, each will get a chance to speak at the meeting, as will Jefferson County district attorney candidates Danny Carr and Raymond Johnson Jr.
The meeting will take place from 7 to 8:30 p.m. at The Perfect Note jazz and dining venue at 1845 Montgomery Highway South, Suite 201. A social hour is being held prior to the meeting, and the public is invited.
Christie and Siegelman face off in the June 5 Democratic primary. The winner will compete against either Chess Bedsole, Troy King, Steve Marshall or Alice Martin from the Alabama Republican Party.
The winner between Carr and Johnson will face either Mike Anderton or Bill Veitch from the Republican Party.
FILE PHOTO: Sheriff Joe Arpaio is pictured waiting for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump during a campaign event in Phoenix, Arizona, U.S. October 29, 2016. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri/File Photo
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is "seriously considering" pardoning Joe Arpaio, a former Arizona sheriff found guilty last month of criminal contempt for violating the terms of a 2011 court order in a racial profiling case, Fox News reported on Monday.
“I am seriously considering a pardon for Sheriff Arpaio,” Trump told Fox News on Sunday at his country club in Bedminster, New Jersey.
The White House had no official announcement concerning Arpaio for now, a spokeswoman said on Monday.
Arpaio had styled himself as "America's toughest sheriff" for his no-nonsense treatment of jail inmates and a crackdown on illegal immigrants.
Arpaio was convicted on July 31 of misdemeanor contempt by a U.S. district judge in Phoenix for willfully disregarding an Arizona judge's order to stop anti-immigrant traffic patrols. Arpaio continued the patrols for another 17 months.
The 85-year-old lawman, who lost his bid for re-election as Maricopa County sheriff last November after 24 years in office, faces a maximum penalty of six months in jail and a fine when he is sentenced on Oct. 5.
Trump told Fox News the pardon could happen in the next few days.
“He has done a lot in the fight against illegal immigration. He's a great American patriot and I hate to see what has happened to him,” Fox News quoted the president as saying.
For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available on iOS and Android.
(Reporting by Tim Ahmann; Writing by Eric Walsh; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
Central Bank employees will count about 30 tons of Venezuelan currency seized in a private house in Paraguay, while officials try to figure out why the vast quantity of 50- and 100-bolivar bills was brought into the country.
The cash was discovered in Salto del Guaira, a city about 370 kilometers (230 miles) northeast of the capital of Asuncion, on the border with Brazil in a region known for the contraband trade.
Paraguayan officials said they are trying to determine whether the money was brought into the country legally. The only person detained so far is Leandro Da Costa, owner of the house where the money was found.
Prosecutor Julio Yegros told The Associated Press on Tuesday that the quantity of bills was too big for the people in his office to count it manually, so he asked for help from the Central Bank, which has the "respective machinery."
"The counting should begin in the coming days," he said.
Yegros said Da Costa has told authorities the money was bought to his house by a friend of his son.
"There are many rumors in Salto del Guaira," Yegros said. "One is that the bills have no value as money because, supposedly, they were pulled from circulation by the Venezuelan government in January."
Another rumor is that the bills' paper is of high quality, meaning it could be reused for legal or illegal purposes.
Currency-quality paper is needed for counterfeiting, though authorities did not specifically mention this as a possible use for the bills.
In December, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro announced that his country's popular 100-bolivar banknote would be pulled from circulation and replaced with a higher-denomination bill. But he later extended use of the denomination when the replacement note wasn't ready and people left without currency looted stores.
In January, the new bills ranging from 500 to 20,000 bolivars were put in circulation and there is Feb. 20 deadline for the 100-bolivar notes to remain legal tender.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
By ELLIOT SPAGAT and EMILY SCHMALL
Associated Press
LOS FRESNOS, Texas (AP) - Gabriel Canas, a bus driver from El Salvador who fled his homeland after members of MS-13 stormed his bus, did an initial screening interview for asylum under the worst circumstances.
He hadn't spoken to his 9-year-old daughter since the Border Patrol separated them two weeks earlier. And in that time, he had been moved repeatedly from one detention facility to another.
"The day I had my interview, I wasn't well because they'd taken my daughter away. I was worried sick. I didn't know where she was. I hadn't spoken to her," Canas told a judge at the Port Isabel Detention Center in Texas, where parents of many of the more than 2,000 children who were separated under the Trump administration's "zero tolerance" policy await their fate.
His case illustrates an overlooked effect of the separations: Some immigrants complain that they stumbled through their first asylum interviews when they were deeply distraught over losing their children. The interviews can have life-changing consequences because they are critical to establishing why families cannot return home safely.
Not until a day after the interview did Canas learn through a lawyer what happened to his child. The asylum officer who conducted the interview issued a deportation order. On Monday, an immigration judge upheld it.
The judge cited new Justice Department guidelines that gang violence is not sufficient grounds for asylum. But Canas blames his poor interview and plans to seek another one.
Volunteer lawyers say parents are distressed about losing their children and having no firm date for when they will reunite, putting them at a big disadvantage when they meet with asylum officers from the Citizenship and Immigration Service.
The so-called credible-fear interviews at Port Isabel take place by phone within two to four weeks of a parent's arrest and last 45 to 90 minutes each, according to immigration attorney Jodi Goodwin. Getting an answer can take a week.
To clear the initial hurdle, asylum seekers must demonstrate a "significant possibility" that they can prove that they have been persecuted or have a well-founded fear of persecution on grounds of race, religion, nationality, membership in a social group or political opinion if they are returned home.
They are judged partially on the consistency of their statements to border inspectors at the time of arrest. Attorneys say many asylum seekers, usually speaking through translators, fumble their interviews by holding back on details that may help their cases.
The risks of the interviews don't trouble immigration hard-liners. Many of them see the asylum process as a joke, saying it invites fraud by migrants who exaggerate claims and exploit loopholes to get into the U.S. When legal groups talk about flubbed interviews or asylum seekers who need to be coached through the process, hard-liners see evidence that migrants are rehearsing from a script.
Harlingen immigration attorney Norma Sepulveda is representing a dozen parents detained at Port Isabel, including Canas.
"The first thing he said to the asylum officer was: Do you know where my daughter is?" said Sepulveda, who found the girl in Arizona after she was transferred there from Chicago.
After President Donald Trump ordered an end to the separations on June 20, border authorities generally stopped splitting up families for prosecution. But many at Port Isabel were arrested before Trump reversed course and are still separated. A federal judge in San Diego ruled last week that families must be reunited in 30 days, or 14 days if the children are younger than 5 years old.
Many of the parents have already been interviewed. Goodwin, who spearheads a network of volunteer lawyers, estimates that her attorneys had counseled about 210 separated parents at Port Isabel by the end of June. Most of them - about 150 - had already been through initial interviews.
Among those parents, more than half had talked to their children by phone. But they typically knew only that the children were in a government shelter and maybe the state or city where it was.
More than 3 out of 4 asylum seekers passed the screening from October to January, according to the latest published statistics. That approval rate may fall after Attorney General Jeff Sessions' decision to declare that domestic and gang violence are generally not sufficient grounds for asylum.
In Canas' case, the immigration judge cited the June 11 order from Sessions.
"It's not that I think that your fear is illegitimate," Judge Morris Onyewuchi said. "But the cops I must follow have ruled that gang extortion, gang recruitment are not grounds for asylum."
Citizenship and Immigration Services said it asks every asylum seeker if they feel comfortable proceeding and, if not, the interview is rescheduled.
"All applicants are asked about their health, to include their mental health and have the opportunity to discuss that issue as well as any issue that might impact their case with the interviewing officer. Our supervisors are directed to reschedule cases pending concerns that the applicant might have," the agency said in a statement.
The advocacy group Kids in Need of Defense sent volunteer attorneys to Port Isabel this week with the goal of counseling parents before their initial screening.
"We are talking to people who are distraught because they don't know where their children are and they're facing a complex, potentially life-or-death interview," said Wendy Young, president of the group. "To have to face a complicated legal proceeding when you're so focused on the safety of your child, I can't imagine what that feels like."
Canas, who was separated from his daughter at the Texas border, hopes to be reunited with her and to join his legal-resident parents and U.S. citizen sister in the U.S. His chances are poor, Sepulveda said, but he will seek a fresh asylum review.
"The purpose of coming here was to save my life and my daughter's life," he said. "That's all."
___
See AP's complete coverage of the debate over the Trump administration's policy of family separation at the border: https://apnews.com/tag/Immigration
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MONTREAL (AP) — The World Anti-Doping Agency is looking into possible integrity issues with urine-collection bottles that were redesigned after the Russian Olympic doping scandal.
WADA said it learned on Jan. 19, less than a month before the start of the Pyeongchang Games, that the bottles could be susceptible to manual opening upon freezing of a sample.
Investigators found that Russians were able to surreptitiously open bottles at the Sochi Olympics and exchange dirty urine samples with clean ones previously provided the same athlete.
That led to a redesign of the bottles, and WADA said if there is, in fact, a flaw, it "will raise concerns and questions."
Russia's Olympic committee has been banned from the Pyeongchang Games, and this weekend, the International Olympic Committee said it had approved 169 Russian athletes to compete as "Olympic Athletes from Russia."
Christian and Amorette chat to the Nigerian-born French rapper about his new album, Mauve, and performing in So French So Chic in January next year.
The Broadway revival of Richard Rogers and Oscar Hammerstein's Carousel opened last week, and while it stars luminaries from the worlds of musical theater (Joshua Henry, Jessie Mueller) and opera (soprano Renée Fleming), it also stars choreography by one of ballet's own heavy hitters: New York City Ballet soloist and resident choreographer Justin Peck, who shares top billing with the musical's director, Jack O'Brien.
There are more than a few familiar faces onstage, too. NYCB principal Amar Ramasar is cast as ne'er-do-well sailor Jigger Craigin, while NYCB soloist Brittany Pollack plays Louise, who dances Act II's famous "dream ballet." American Ballet Theatre soloist Craig Salstein took a leave of absence from the company to serve as the show's dance captain and to perform in the ensemble, where he's joined by recent Miami City Ballet transplants Adriana Pierce and Andrei Chagas (a Pointe 2015 Star of the Corps). Several other veteran Broadway ballet dancers round out the cast, including An American in Paris alumni Leigh-Ann Esty (Miami City Ballet), David Prottas (NYCB) and Laura Feig (Atlanta Ballet, BalletX), and Come Fly Away's Amy Ruggiero (American Repertory Ballet, Ballet Austin, Twyla Tharp).
"CBS Sunday Morning" recently ran a lengthy profile on Peck, who at age 30 has already established himself as one of the world's most in-demand choreographers. In addition to shedding light on his efforts to make ballet more accessible to modern audiences ("I don't want ballet to feel like an elitist art form"), Peck answers the question on everyone's mind in the post Peter Martins era: whether he's interested in becoming NYCB's next director. The profile also includes fun behind-the-scenes Carousel footage—check it out above.
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — The Latest in the manslaughter trial of a Minnesota police officer who fatally shot a black motorist during a traffic stop (all times local):
12:30 p.m.
There's no verdict yet in a Minnesota trial for a police officer charged with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of a motorist.
The jury hearing the case has broken for lunch on their third day of deliberations.
Officer Jeronimo (yeh-RON'-ih-moh) Yanez shot driver Philando Castile five times just seconds after Castile told him he was carrying a handgun. Yanez had pulled Castile's car over in a St. Paul suburb last July 6.
Yanez testified last week that Castile was pulling out his gun despite his commands and he feared for his life. Prosecutors question whether Yanez ever actually saw a gun and say he overreacted.
___
12:08 a.m.
It's day three of deliberations for a Minnesota jury in the case of a police officer charged with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of a black motorist.
Officer Jeronimo (yeh-RON'-ih-moh) Yanez shot 32-year-old cafeteria worker Philando Castile during a traffic stop in a St. Paul suburb last July 6. Castile had just informed the officer that he was carrying a gun.
Yanez testified that Castile was drawing the gun against his orders. Prosecutors say he overreacted.
The jury surfaced briefly Tuesday with a request for another look at two key videos in the case. One video was captured by the officer's squad car. It shows a wide view of the traffic stop and the shooting. The other video was made by Castile's girlfriend. It starts moments after the shooting.
Ahead of CES 2016, which officially kicks off Tuesday, Dell has announced a convertible version of its popular XPS 13 laptop . The machine is powered by a seventh-generation Kaby Lake Intel Core i chip (i5 and i7 options are available), Intel HD Graphics 615 integrated GPU, 4 to 16GB LPDDR3 RAM, a 128GB-1TB solid-state drive (SSD), a 720p webcam on the bottom of the display with support for Windows Hello, a fingerprint scanner, a 46 watt-hour battery, and a 13.3-inch touchscreen, available in QHD+ or FHD configurations. From a report on VentureBeat:
The Wake Forest Museum of Anthropology is currently displaying its annual exhibit celebrating Día de Los Muertos, the Day of the Dead.
Observed from Oct. 31 to Nov. 2, this traditional Mexican holiday emphasizes life after death and the spiritual journeys of those diseased.
The exhibit's design is purposefully emblematic of the vibrant public marketplaces that appear in the days prior to the celebration. Most observers purchase the necessary paraphernalia in these temporary public markets, investing large sums in materials for decoration, offering and gift-giving.
The exhibit curates a vast collection of sugar skulls. The history of these symbolic delicacies coincides with the increasing prevalence of skeletal imagery. The practice of selling statues composed of sugar, often referred to as alfeñiques, has prevailed since at least the 1700s. Initially resembling human and animal figures, the increasingly common skeletal imagery now associated with the holiday quickly influenced the craft to such an extent that sugar skulls are now almost synonymous with alfeñiques. Intricately designed sugar skulls are often displayed on alters, but may also be given as edible gifts to children.
Just as colorful sugar skulls celebrate the abstractly spiritual nature of death, Mexican folk art celebrating Day of the Dead confronts death as naturally beautiful, peaceful and colorful, and has attracted international attention. The eclectic saturation of color portrayed in ceramics, papier-mâché, sugar and paper picado, presents a non-morbid celebration of death contrary to the mournful perspective taken by other cultures.
A meticulously constructed ofrenda celebrating notable Mexican Folk artists Diego Rivera and Frida Kahlo is the exhibit's primary feature, and illustrates the celebratory nature of Day of the Dead. Offrendas are “offerings to the spirits of loved ones who have passed away,” and typically incorporate photographs of the deceased, personal affects, candles, religious symbols, flowers, sugar skulls, food and drink. It is believed that the souls of the deceased, upon returning home, absorb the “smell and essence” of the food and drink offerings. It is after this that the offered meal is consumed by living family members in a joyous celebration of life and death.
Bouquets of flowers often varnish familial offrendas, representing the brevity of life and helping to guide spirits home, with candles representing hope and faith to light the way. The exhibit's ofrenda to Rivera and Kahlo includes three sugar skulls which represent the Holy Trinity, as well as a figure of Jesus. As Rivera and Kahlo were married, the display also includes a small statue of a skeletal bride and groom, which appear almost comical yet entirely reverent and joyous.
While this appealing diffusion of solemnity and celebration has garnered widespread popularity, commercial industry in the U.S. has in recent years compromised the tradition by capitalizing on its aesthetic appeal. The skeletal imagery once unique to Día de Los Muertos can now be found year-round on a variety of unrelated items, and objects manipulating the style of Mexican folk art are sold amongst Halloween decor in large retailers. To many Mexicans and Mexican-Americans, this represents cultural appropriation as, according to the museum curators, “removing the imagery from the context of the celebration and seeking to profit from the rich cultural tradition jeopardizes its authenticity.”
While this perversion of traditional symbolism does represent cultural appropriation, the museum curators do add that this may indicate a broader inclusion of Lantino influence in the U.S. social and economic mainstream.
The Museum will continue to display “Life After Death, The Day of the Dead in Mexico,” until Dec. 8 and presents text in English and Spanish.
Leo Santa Cruz remembers well the day he was at his older brother Roberto's bedside. Roberto Santa Cruz, who had a four-year career as a lightweight, was stricken with lupus and very sick.
“My brother, he was in the hospital almost dying,” said Leo Santa Cruz, who Oct. 14 will defend his featherweight title against Chris Avalos (27-5, 20 KOs) of Lancaster at StubHub Center (on Fox). “And he couldn't really speak or nothing and I told him to fight for his life and I was going to continue to fight in boxing, so I could try to give my family a good living.
“He promised me he was going to fight. He didn't tell me with his mouth, he just told me with his head. I was talking to him and he was saying yes with his head, and that gave me motivation to go out there and continue to fight because I know I have to pay bills.”
That was a few years back. Today, Roberto Santa Cruz is in a much better way, thanks in part to his famous brother.
The same can be said for Santa Cruz's father, Jose, who has been battling spinal cancer. Jose Santa Cruz trains Leo along with Leo's older brother, Antonio. The elder Santa Cruz missed most training camp for his son's first title fight with Carl Frampton in July 2016, a fight won by Frampton via majority decision in Brooklyn.
Jose Santa Cruz's health improved dramatically and he was back in the saddle for his son's rematch victory over Frampton this past January in Las Vegas.
But again, without Leo Santa Cruz, his father's fate might have been different.
“If I hadn't had the money to pay for his bills and stuff like that, probably he wouldn't have made it because he was really, really bad,” Santa Cruz said. “I just said to myself, ‘I don't know where I would be right now and we wouldn't be able to pay for all the things that we have to be paying.' ”
Indeed, without the money he has made from a career that should one day land him in the International Boxing Hall of Fame, Santa Cruz would not be able to provide for a family that has had a rough go of it.
Another older brother, Jose Armando Santa Cruz, was forced to quit boxing when it was discovered he had swelling in his brain after a 10-year career that once saw him hold an interim lightweight world title.
Mind you, Leo Santa Cruz is not bragging about how he takes care of his loved ones. He is filled with pride because he can.
“I think if it wasn't for boxing, I wouldn't be able to support my family and probably I would be working a minimum-wage job,” said Santa Cruz, 29. “Everything I have, I owe to boxing. If it wasn't for boxing, we wouldn't be where we're at and we would be really, really hurting and not able to live how we live right now.”
Santa Cruz (33-1-1, 18 KOs) grew up in a rough area of Los Angeles called Lincoln Heights. He now owns a home in La Habra Heights, where he lives with his parents, his fiance and their two children.
“I feel really proud of myself, too, because every day I think I feel I don't believe it,” he said. “In my head, I think, ‘I don't know, man. I can't believe I did the dream.'
“Every day I wake up and look at my car, look at the house where I live and everything I could provide for my family, it's just … I don't know, it's something unbelievable that I just can't stop thanking God, my family, my manager, all the fans.”
This young man is all class.
WIDER PREPARES FOR STIVERNE NOW
Heavyweight champion Deontay Wilder has had three title defenses cancelled because the opponent failed a drug test.
The latest was Luis Ortiz of Cuba, who was to challenge Wilder on Nov. 4 at Barclays Center in Brooklyn.
Ortiz tested positive for two performance-enhancing drugs, and he was removed from the bout. It's the second time Ortiz has tested positive for a PED.
Here's where it gets even more ridiculous.
Wilder (38-0, 37 KOs) will now defend his title against Bermane Stiverne, from whom Wilder took the title viaa wide decision in January 2015. Stiverne is Wilder's mandatory challenger, which is absurd because Stiverne has not fought since November 2015.
Two years out of the ring, and he's ranked No. 1 by the WBC? This is boxing, so this is no surprise. It is rather sickening, though.
Anyway, Wilder and Stiverne were both talking trash Thursday when the fight was announced as a done deal.
“In the first fight, I broke my hand in the third round and I still dominated,” Wilder said. “That was a lot of the reason why it went the distance. This time it's a different day, different time and different fight. This time it won't end well for him.”
Basically, Wilder said, Stiverne will feel the pain Ortiz would have.
“Stiverne will pay for Luis Ortiz screwing up,” he said.
Stiverne was equally boastful.
“I am ready, willing and able to seize back my title from Wilder,” Stiverne said. “We all know that Wilder dodged a bullet in the first fight, but not this time. It was my fault, but I learn from my mistakes. On Nov. 4, Wilder will feel my pain.”
Wilder, of Tuscaloosa, Ala., is 38-0 with 37 knockouts. Stiverne, of Las Vegas via Haiti, is 25-2-1 with 21 knockouts.
Their fight will be televised by Showtime.
Former New York City mayor and current member of Donald Trump's legal team Rudy Giuliani was booed at Yankee Stadium on his birthday on Monday. (Photo by Elsa/Getty Images)
Rudy Giuliani went up to the Bronx on Monday to spend his Memorial Day and his 74th Birthday watching the Yankees take on the Houston Astros.
Fans at Yankee Stadium, though, didn't seem to take too kindly to the former New York City mayor's presence.
When the announcer at the stadium shared the news that Giuliani was in attendance and wished him a happy birthday, fans started booing the former mayor.
Giuliani, who was mayor of the city from 1994-2001, recently joined president Donald Trump's legal team and has repeatedly defended Trump and his administration on multiple television networks — something that likely played a role in the unfriendly welcome.
The Yankees didn't have the best Memorial Day either. They fell to the Astros 5-1.
More from Yahoo Sports:
• ‘Born for it': Klay saves the Warriors in Game 6
• Danica's final race ends early after crash
• No national anthem? Softball crowd sings it anyway
• Chris Mannix: Celtics' Horford tries to chase his Cleveland demons
Q. I've read about electric floor heating and wonder if it will really do the job. Growing up I lived in a home that had electric coils in the ceilings of the rooms. The house was never really comfortable so I'm skeptical of the claims of the radiant floor mat manufacturers. If they do work, is it an expensive way to heat? Can you control the temperature easily? How is it installed?
A. Let's cut to the chase. Do you like to eat toast? Have you ever burned a piece of bread in a toaster? That's the proof you need to know that electric heating works and can work quite well.
But realize that electric heating systems made to be in a ceiling or a floor do not glow red or orange and cause things to catch on fire. The coils in these systems produce a heat that's more like a warm moist towel a flight attendant gives you just before landing when you sit up near the front of the plane.
The most likely reason your childhood home was uncomfortable was that not enough heating coil was put into the house. So there wasn't enough heat generated to offset the heat loss that was happening in cold weather. To give you an extreme metaphor, think about how futile it would be to heat a large warehouse with a tiny campfire.
Here's what you need to know about electric floor heating. I'm writing this column right now in my cozy, warm ham radio shack. It's a comfortable 72 F inside the room while frost is coating everything outdoors as I look through my large picture window.
There's a wonderful electric coil floor mat under my handsome rough oak laminate floor. This heating system keeps my room warm even if the temperature outdoors drops below zero.
It works in my situation because the floor heating mat was designed for my heat loss. It can easily produce more heat than is lost through the walls, floor, ceiling and window. The same would be true for your home or any room where you install this device.
My radiant floor electric mat came with a dandy wall thermostat that contains a tiny computer. You can program the thermostat to turn on and off depending on your schedule. You can override the computer and just set the temperature to be constant if you desire.
The cost to heat with electricity varies depending on where you live. The key to keeping your costs low is to invest heavily in insulation so the heat you create with the electricity seeps outdoors only slowly. That's what I did in my shack. There's lots and lots of insulation.
Be sure any windows and other openings are sealed well against air infiltration. Air leakage is one of the biggest enemies of any heating system. Tiny vampire air leaks that may seem innocent add up and rob you of both comfort and money.
The various electric floor heating systems work in the same way, but the installation may be different. You need to research exactly what's required before you start.
In my situation, the manufacturer of the fiberglass mat that contained my heat coils required that the mat be set in wet thinset that's used to install ceramic tile. This was easy to do.
After that step I had to cover my mat with an additional quarter-inch of thinset. My floor looked like a cement slab after I was done. This thinset protects the coils from damage caused by the finished flooring that lays on top of them, but it also spreads out the heat under the entire floor because the mortar conducts the heat. There are no hot or cold spots in the floor if you lay on it. It's luxurious heat, to say the least.
The most critical thing to consider when installing electric radiant floor heating mats, in my opinion, is the soundness of the sub-flooring. You don't want the floor to flex or bend as over time, as this could cause the electric coils to break. If you have any doubt about this, have a conversation with the manufacturer of the electric floor mat you decide to install.
Read all the instructions that come with the product and do not deviate from them. Don't assume that you know better and that what's recommended is overkill. Realize that once this mat is installed, it's virtually impossible to replace it without great effort and expense.
It's very wise to read all the instructions even if you intend to have another person install the mat. If you do this, you'll be able to make sure everything is fine and that you'll not have issues down the road. The other benefit of doing this is that you can ask pointed questions of the contractors who are bidding your job. Don't assume for a moment that the contractor, or sub-contractor, will know exactly how to install the electric heating mat!
As I lifted my binoculars, I earnestly hoped the bright yellow warbler now in focus would never lose its luster.
Yellow warblers are abundant throughout North America, and many reach their breeding destinations in and around New York City. They are well named; both the males and females are as yellow as canaries, and they sing as beautifully. In fact, they can be absolutely brazen, occasionally popping out on a limb to return the gaze of bird-watchers and admirers.
Yellow warblers prefer the low, shrubby trees and messy, fourth-generation wetlands so common in New York City's parklands. Just about any natural area with a reasonable amount of habitat is a place to check for these birds in spring.
Setophaga petechia are average-size warblers, which (for the uninitiated) means they are tiny. They are also effervescent and almost always in motion, flitting through wet, brushy cover as they loudly claim nesting territories. The males can be quite aggressive with other like-minded, mating males, and chase scenes featuring two or more brilliant yellow birds careering through the vegetation are not unusual.
Yellow warblers nest at about eye-level, usually in upward-facing crotches of tree branches, but they are often victims of a common nest parasite — the brown-headed cowbird — which lays its eggs in their nests in the hope that the warbler will keep them warm. Interestingly, yellow warblers are among the few species of birds that have learned to recognize the interlopers. Their defense is both effective and costly. A warbler that finds a cowbird egg builds another nest above its first, in essence abandoning the parasite's eggs with its own. It is not uncommon to find nests with two or even three layers; the active young begging for food above the remains of several previous attempts' cool and lifeless eggs.
HARTFORD — A sing-along will be held Feb. 20, beginning at 5 p.m., at the Father's House Church Fellowship Hall in Hartford.
Concessions will be sold, and a silent auction held, with proceeds benefitting the upcoming Bend Area Gospel Jubilee, set for June 4 through 9. Items for the auction will be on display throughout the evening. Jubilee supporters are asking for donated items for the auction.
Singers to be featured at the event are Rick and Ginny Towe, Ron Shamblin, David and Sheila Bowen, Adam Roush, Shawn Camp, Tammy McCallister, Cowboy Hunt, Ed Caldwell and Mike Cadle.
Admission is free, but donations will be accepted. For more information, or to donate an auction item, contact Evelyn Roush at 304-882-2049.
Taipei, (Taiwan News)—The Ministry of Transportation and Communications (MOTC) said it will revoke the operating license of a bus company involved in one of the deadliest bus incidents in Taiwan that has claimed 33 lives and injured 11.
“With investigators still figuring out the cause of the incident, the ministry will revoke Yeow Lih Transportation's (友力通運) tour bus operating license for severely violating Article 77 of the Highway Act (公路法), " said MOTC minister Hochen Tan (賀陳旦), Tuesday.
Road conditions were ruled out by the minister as the main cause of the fatal accident, and Hochen pointed out the driver and mechanical failure were the more likely cause.
Hochen admitted previous ministry assessments of tour bus safety and quality evaluation criteria had been inadequate in eliminating poor quality bus service companies from the market.
The ministry had been publicizing information the mandatory Directorate-General of Highways (DGH) compulsory biennial evaluation results, but it has not been enough to stem sub-standard bus services.
The ministry will soon carry out a new round of inspections on poorly performing bus service companies, namely companies that receive below "C" grade from the DGH evaluations.
Tour bus operators that receive a "D" grade from the DGH compulsory evaluations will be made public, and their operations will be examined by the ministry, said Hochen.
These firms will be given a two week period to improve, but if issues persist some of their operations will be suspended or their operating licenses will be revoked as stipulated in Article 47 of the Act.
The same sanction is applicable to operators that receive a grade of "C", but they are granted two months to address their problems.
The minister urged tour bus companies to review records of bus drivers, and consider removing those with any behavioral issues to reassure public they are taking responsibility, said Hochen.
The ministry also suspended Taipei-based Iris Travel Service Co (蝶戀花旅行社) operations until it addresses the incident and related insurance compensation. Established in 1999, Iris Travel Service exclusively offers domestic tours with duration of one-day, two-days and more.
The travel agency, arranged the one-day tour to Wuling Farm (武陵農場) in Taichung City to view cherry blossoms, and rented the tour bus from Yeow Lih Transportation.
Latest evidence from the bus tacometer showed it was 20 kilometers over the highway ramp's speed limit of 40 kilometers per hour before the bus crashed off the ramp connecting Freeway No.5 and Freeway No. 3 in eastern Taipei, according to findings by the National Highway Police Bureau.
Police confirmed the deceased driver, Kang Yu-hsun, was not driving under the influence, but have cited exhaustion as a possible cause of the accident.
Kang, who received his tour bus permit in 2011, has unaddressed traffic violations, one for failure to fasten his seatbelt and one breach for tire tread regulations.
DGH is evaluating whether to make seatbelts mandatory in tour buses following the incident, since only passengers in small vehicles are required to buckle up.
Regulations for coaches in 2007 have made seatbelts for passengers mandatory only for those next to the driver, close to emergency exit doors or in the last row.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
Tahoe Daily Tribune
Do you have a natural ability to build relationships? Do you get satisfaction from helping...
S. Lake Tahoe , CA 96150
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE- In this Nov. 5, 2017, file photo, former president George H.W. Bush arrives for an NFL football game between the Houston Texans and the Indianapolis Colts in Houston. A spokesman for the former president says th...
KENNEBUNKPORT, Maine (AP) - A spokesman says former President George H.W. Bush is in "good spirits" at a Maine hospital but will need several more days of treatment.
The 93-year-old was taken to a hospital on Sunday when he experienced low blood pressure and fatigue hours after attending a pancake breakfast at the American Legion post in Kennebunkport.
His spokesman said in a tweet Wednesday that Bush is talkative and in good spirits but that the treatments to address his blood pressure "are expected to take several more days."
The nation's 41st president arrived in Maine on May 20 after being treated for a blood infection. He's without his wife of 73 years, Barbara Bush, who died in April in Houston.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Doctor Who fans were thrilled when they heard that the Tenth Doctor, David Tennant, would lend his Scottish brogue to the newly rebooted DuckTales as Scrooge McDuck. They'll now be over the moon with the announcement that Tennant will be joined by one of his companions, comedian Catherine Tate, as the wicked Magica de Spell.
In this exclusive clip from the next episode, “Terror of the Terra-firmians!,” Magica tries to get her niece, Lena, to abandon a helpless Mrs. Beakley. Magica was one of Scrooge's major foils in both the comics and the original DuckTales series, and Tate will continue to voice the Sorceress of Shadows on a recurring basis in the new show as well. In previous versions, Magica was obsessed with stealing Scrooge's No. 1 Dime so she could give herself the Midas Touch. This time, it appears she's driven by revenge and she'll use Lena to infiltrate the McDuck family.
Catherine Tate and David Tennant in Doctor Who (Photo: BBC) More
Tate was a well-established comedian before her turn as the time- and space-traveling Donna Noble, though Americans not familiar with Doctor Who may know her better as the lecherous manager Nellie Bertram from The Office.
The “Terror of the Terra-firmians!” episode of DuckTales premieres Oct. 7 at 8 a.m. on Disney XD.
Read more on Yahoo Entertainment:
Bulleit/Instagram
Finding a unique and truly dope gift for the ones you love is always a trial. But if you have a whiskey and art lover in your life, Bulleit Frontier Whiskey might just have created the perfect gift. The company's new neon whiskey bottles combine your favorite drink with an art installation, and the result is stunning. Bulleit has teamed up with Neon artist Lisa Schulte to create the mini masterpieces in the humming, blown glass medium.
Schulte joined Bulleit for the distillery's latest art movement under the “Frontier Works” banner. They started out the neon collaboration with a massive installation in Los Angeles that celebrates all things neon, Mexi-Cali, and drinking good whiskey before moving on to bottles.
Each bottle contains a different mini neon sign with a phrase or slogan. The neon warmingly glows words like “hustle” or “TCB” or “offline” as a sort of societal conversation point. It's a lamp and art — which, again, makes for a great holiday gift.
Neon art making a comeback. (Yes Bulleit I am over 21) #frontierworks A post shared by Marie Bienkowski (@marbienk) on Dec 10, 2017 at 9:20am PST
Bulliet's Frontier Works aims to bring awareness to specific niches of the art scene. In this case, each bottle that's sold (they're $1,000 each by the way) will help to fund the Museum of Neon Art. Their aim is to help restore neon around the country and support artists who are bringing the medium back to the forefront and storefronts of modern America.
“Art is an expression of who we are and who we want to be. For me, that's a constant desire to live on the edge of the modern cultural frontier,” Shulte pondered in an recent interview on the subject. “From the form and function of the Bulleit bottle to the inspirational messages that live within, that's what I've tried to create with Neon In A Bottle.”
A one-off piece of neon art in a whiskey bottle is a great way to light up a room. Whiskey sold separately.
Sneak Preview of “Words In A Bottle “ @artbasel Miami event happens tomorrow night , miniature Neon in a @bulleit bottles #whiskey #neon#minature#messageinabottle #neonart #artbaselmiami #frontierworks A post shared by Lisa Schulte (@theneonqueen) on Dec 6, 2017 at 4:03pm PST
Happy Halloween #halloween2017 #neon#neonart @brendan_donnelly #skulls #theneonqueen#frontierworks A post shared by Lisa Schulte (@theneonqueen) on Oct 31, 2017 at 7:54am PDT
(Via Bulleit Frontier Whiskey)
(AP Photo/Richard Drew). FILE - In this Feb. 2, 2018 file photo, specialist Meric Greenbaum works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. The stock market closed sharply lower, extending a weeklong slide, as the Dow Jones industrial average plunge...
By STAN CHOE
AP Business Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - The stock market has finally found something to fear.
For more than a year, investors have brushed off bombastic talk about nuclear war, dysfunction on Capitol Hill and other worrisome situations. The Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor's 500 glided to record after record, with few hiccups.
This week, the calm cracked. The stock market finally got spooked by an ongoing sell-off in bonds. As bond prices fall, their yields go up, a signal of rising interest rates. Low interest rates have been an underpinning of the current bull market in stocks, now in its ninth year.
On Friday, the rate on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to a four-year high. The Dow and S&P 500 each lost around 4 percent, their worst week since January 2016. On Friday, the Dow dropped 665 points, or 2.5 percent. Some earnings-related selling in big names such as Apple and Exxon Mobil added to the swoon.
Some investors believe the market can recover, noting that both global economic growth and corporate earnings remain strong. One hallmark of this bull market has been investors' willingness to buy the dips. This week's drop could test their resolve.
Since the Great Recession, ultra-low interest rates have made it easier for businesses and companies to borrow. They also have pushed investors into buying stocks by minimizing the interest payments from bonds.
Rates were due to rise, and investors cast a wary eye on the 10-year Treasury as it rose earlier this year. Those concerns hit a high point on Friday after a U.S. government report said wages last month rose at the fastest pace in eight years.
Bigger paychecks are a welcome sight for workers, but can also signal that inflation is about to pick up across the economy. Inflation has been relatively dormant since the recession. This week, the Federal Reserve said it expects inflation to finally pick up this year.
The Fed could raise interest rates more quickly than investors are prepared for if inflation accelerates at too fast a pace. That could further upset markets, which have seen an unusual lack of volatility for more than a year. After Friday's jobs report, some economists raised their forecast for Fed rate increases this year to four from three.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury climbed to 2.84 percent Friday from 2.79 percent late Thursday and from 2.41 percent at the start of the year. It's at its highest level since 2014.
"We are rapidly approaching the point at which low rates will no longer provide support to the equity market," said Eric Winograd, senior U.S. economist at AllianceBernstein.
Those concerns echoed worldwide. Other markets around the world were similarly weak as interest rates climbed. The German DAX index lost 4.2 percent over the week, and South Korea's Kospi index lost 1.9 percent.
Investors have cited low interest rates are one reason they've continued to buy stocks, even as prices rose faster than corporate earnings. By that measure, the price-earnings ratio, the S&P 500 is close to the most expensive it's been in many years, adjusted for inflation.
Higher interest rates tend to make investors less willing to pay high price-earnings ratios. Hence all the focus on exactly how many times the Fed will raise rates this year.
Still, many fund managers and analysts say they're optimistic stocks can keep rising, even if interest rates continue to climb. As long as inflation doesn't spike out of control, stocks can rise if earnings continue to grow.
Many analysts expect earnings to keep growing because of the strength in the global economy. Few economists see a recession striking anytime soon.
The strengthening economy is translating into not only stronger profits for companies but also better sales, something that investors have been keen to see. Roughly half the companies in the S&P 500 have given updates on their performance for the last three months of 2017, and 79 percent of them have reported stronger revenue for the quarter than analysts expected, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence. That compares with 67 percent a quarter earlier.
What makes this past week's market drop particularly noticeable for investors is how rare a decline has been for stocks. Before Friday, the last time the S&P 500 index fell 2 percent in a day was in September 2016.
But historically, pullbacks for stocks are normal, and investors shouldn't be surprised if stocks drop by 5 percent or even 10 percent before they begin rising again.
The S&P 500 still has not experienced a decline of 5 percent in roughly 400 trading days, even after this past week's 3.9 percent drop. That's a record number of days. Going back to 1929, the average was 92 days, according to Goldman Sachs.
Or, as Greg McBride, chief financial analyst at Bankrate.com, said: "Markets go up and down, not just up."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Lonzo Ball now has something else in common with LeBron James, his NBA idol. The Los Angeles Lakers rookie, like the Cleveland Cavaliers superstar, was all over the league's top 20 plays from Week 22 of the 2017-18 season.
The Crown Prince of Chino Hills got love for his nasty block on Miami Heat wing Justise Winslow and his two highlight plays from a March 14 loss at the Golden State Warriors: an athletic tip-in to beat the halftime buzzer and a nasty crossover on Dubs guard Shaun Livingston.
Bron, meanwhile, made four appearances in the same reel, with two fantastic dunks, a block and a behind-the-back pass for a slam.
Half of us (48%) confess to believing we are good or very good at DIY despite a third (33%) having admitted that they have suffered a DIY disaster.
A quarter of fearful Brits (27%) revealed that they wouldn't even dream of taking on a large DIY project themselves. However, of those who say they are terrible at DIY, 39% are still giving it a go with one fifth of Handy Andy's (17%) splashing out up to £500 to fix the error of their ways.
Time is money
Overall, 40% of DIY projects were underestimated in terms of cost, and 46% were underestimated in terms of time. Despite this, three quarters of people (76%) believe they saved money doing it themselves. Meanwhile eight out of 10 Brits would happily take on another significant DIY project, while 19% are putting their spanner to bed.
The survey, from money saving experts Voucherbox.co.uk has found that those with experience of kitchen renovations give a different tale as over a third (35%) report it's costing over £4,000. More than 1 in 10 (13%) cost over £10,000 and 6% over £20,000.
Building on a budget
35% of Brits prioritise redecorating and set aside an average £500 for the task while 15% are getting their green fingers at the ready to tackle gardening, with a budget of up to £1,000.
Of those who had recently re-decorated, almost three in ten (28%) stated it cost more than they anticipated, almost the same amount who believe they may have lost money by not hiring a tradesperson (29%). Whilst the majority (48%) took an average of 2 weeks to complete the re-decorating, 36% reported that it took longer than first expected.
Marco Piu, Voucherbox general manager, said: “Spring is a popular time to dust off those tools and start putting planned DIY projects into action. The survey revealed re-decorating is on the agenda for the majority of Brits, which makes it the perfect time to hunt for online deals.
“The survey also revealed several unfortunate incidents which are often the result of inexperience. DIY merchant blogs and social channels provide a great source of expert tips and best practice that will hopefully keep you from making a costly mistake.”
Macklemore X Ryan Lewis
I remember the first time I visited an H&M. It was on a high school trip to New York. The store was still a relatively new fixture to the U.S. market and there were just a few of them in the country. So it was a real treat to visit. And what I remember most was how special it was, how exciting. For a 17 year old kid from Wisconsin, it was like a dream come true. Stylish tank tops, dresses, and jeans all at ridiculously low prices. And as I walked out of the store, my bag brimming over with adorable new items, I remember thinking, “It's almost like this is too good to be true!”
Well it kind of was. Over the last 10-15 years Fast Fashion — trendy but poor quality clothing sold at rock bottom prices — has exploded. This clothing is made to be expendable and disposable. Good for a few wears within a season and then expected to be forgotten or trashed.
“The best thing about Forever 21,” I remember a friend saying in college, “is that you can wear it once and not feel bad if it gets spilled on and ruined! It's so cheap!”
It's an attitude that you'll find all over. We want the newest outfits and the freshest fashion, but we don't want to pay high prices for that privilege. Organic cotton sounds good in theory, but not when it means we're paying $100 for a tank top. So since (just like in the travel or food industries) we've demanded clothing be pumped out faster, cheaper, and be more conveniently, the market has found ways to give us those things. But as we run out and fill our carts with clothing at insanely low prices, the hidden costs build up behind the scenes. Because while our insatiable need for new clothing may be a good thing for the fashion industry (which makes about 1.2 trillion dollars a year), it's devastating to the environment.
“The clothing industry is the second largest polluter in the world,” clothing mogul, Eileen Fisher, told a crowd in 2015 while accepting an environmental award, “second only to oil.” And with every cheap piece of clothing we buy, we contribute to that pollution.
The sustainability in the clothing industry is poor at best. We often think of cotton as a kinder more sustainable fabric than synthetic blends. But the reality is that the business of growing cotton is incredibly harsh on the environment. It's a plant that needs tons of water.
According to the Worldwide Wildlife Fund, it takes 20,000 liters of water to produce one t-shirt and a pair of jeans. And then there's the rampant use of insecticides and pesticides. Only 2.4 percent of cropland is taken by cotton, but it accounts for 24 percent and 11 percent respectively of global sales of insecticides and pesticides. Between growing cotton, manufacturing air pollution, and dyes that are contaminating clean drinking water for whole regions, it's a messy business, and one that is truly hurting our world.
French baby-milk maker Lactalis has ordered a global recall of millions of products over fears of salmonella bacteria contamination.
The company, one of the largest dairy products groups in the world, said it has been warned by health authorities in France that 26 infants have become sick since December 1.
The recall affects brands marketed under the Milumel, Picut and Celi brands.
Spokesman Michel Nalet told The Associated Press on Monday that the "precautionary" recall both in France and abroad affected "several million" products made since mid-February.
The company said a possible source of the outbreak has been identified in a tower used to dry out the milk at a production site.
Lactalis employs 75,000 people in 85 countries, with a turnover of 17 billion euros (£15 billion.)
The symptoms of salmonella infection include abdominal cramps, diarrhoea and fever.
NEW YORK (AP) — New York Police Department says it is responding to report of explosion near Times Square.
Apple outsold Samsung by the narrowest of margins in Q4, but both are pursued by a pack of determined Chinese manufacturers
Apple has overtaken Samsung Electronics in smartphone sales for the first time in two years -- but don't count on it staying ahead for long.
Samsung sold 76.8 million smartphones in the fourth quarter, giving it a market share of 17.8 percent, but it was just beaten by Apple, which sold 77 million iPhones for a 17.9 percent share, according to figures from Gartner.
The fourth quarter is usually a strong one for Apple, boosted by holiday sales of the new generation of iPhones it releases each September, said Anshul Gupta, a research director at Gartner.
For Samsung, though, 2016 ended particularly badly, dominated by the fiasco around the recall of its incendiary Galaxy Note7.
Super-phones like the Note7 could have accounted for 10 to 15 percent of Samsung's smartphone sales in the period before its recall, said Gupta, but Samsung lost more than that: There was also the damage to its brand.
It could bounce back sooner rather than later, though, as it has a new flagship phone coming out at the end of March.
Apple, meanwhile, is expected to wait until September before unveiling new iPhones. This year will mark the iPhone's 10th anniversary, and the next model is widely expected to be something special, so Apple fans may delay replacing phones until then, said Gupta. That would leave the way clear for Samsung to move back into the lead from this quarter.
That pattern showed up last year too: Although it dominated the fourth quarter, Apple was a distant second over the full year, with market share of just 14.4 percent over the year, far behind Samsung's 20.5 percent, and the situation was similar the previous year.
While the giants slug it out, a more interesting battle is going on just beneath them, as the next three companies in the fourth-quarter smartphone rankings are all Chinese.
Huawei Technologies is in third place with a worldwide smartphone market share of 9.5 percent, with fourth and fifth taken by Oppo (6.2 percent) and BBK Communication Equipment (5.6 percent), two companies that many consider to be part of the same conglomerate.
Gartner treats them separately because, whatever their shareholding structure, they operate independently, each with their own product team, Gupta said.
BBK, almost unknown in the West, is now the number one smartphone brand in China, he said. A year ago, though, that honor went to Oppo, and the year before that, Huawei. Previous years saw the Chinese market topped by Xiaomi and Samsung.
These Chinese companies have pushed Apple and Samsung aside in their home market, and are expanding across South Asia.
"Even in their current expansion, Oppo is not focusing just on emerging markets, but also on developed markets like Australia," said Gupta, so we may soon see them climbing up the rankings in Europe and the U.S too.
The key ingredients for that are already in their products, he said. "Oppo and BBK make great phones in terms of feature set. They have integrated high-end features like dual cameras and fast charge."
Middlesbrough exited the FA Youth Cup last night, going down 3-2 to Arsenal at Bishop Auckland's Heritage Park.
The Gunners stormed 2-0 up in the fifth round tie, watched by a crowd of 471, with strikes from Emile Smith-Rowe and Tyreece John-Jules, who helped sink Sunderland Under-23s at Eppleton late last month.
But Tyrone O'Neill and Nicholas Hood rallied Boro with two goals in the final five minutes of the first half.
Arsenal won it when Danny Ballard clinically finished off a low cross.
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) — Academy Award winner Meryl Streep, former New York Yankees pitcher Al Leiter (LY'-tur) and E Street Band member Steven Van Zandt are among the 20 newest members of the New Jersey Hall of Fame.
The class of 2017 also includes singers Debbie Harry and Frankie Valli and "Cake Boss" reality TV star Buddy Valastro for the performing arts. Authors Harlan Coben and Anna Quindlen represent arts and letters.
The inductees for public service are astronauts Mark and Scott Kelly, late Republican Rep. Millicent Fenwick and Army nurse Clara Maass, who died as a result of volunteering for medical experiments to study yellow fever.
Other class members are real estate developer Jon Hanson, magazine publisher Steve Forbes, politician Joe Buckelew and running champion Mary Decker.
All will be inducted during a ceremony in May.
Interested in Uber? Add Uber as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Uber news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
A fatal pedestrian crash involving a self-driving Uber SUV in a Phoenix suburb could have far-reaching consequences for the new technology as automakers and other companies race to be the first with cars that operate on their own.
The crash Sunday night in Tempe was the first death involving a full autonomous test vehicle. The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human backup driver at the wheel when it struck 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg as she was walking a bicycle outside the lines of a crosswalk in Tempe, police said.
Uber immediately suspended all road-testing of such autos in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto. The ride-sharing company has been testing self-driving vehicles for months as it competes with other technology companies and automakers like Ford and General Motors.
Though many in the industries had been dreading a fatal crash they knew it was inevitable.
Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock said local authorities haven't determined fault but urged people to use crosswalks. He told reporters at a news conference Monday the Uber vehicle was traveling around 40 mph when it hit Helzberg immediately as she stepped on to the street.
Neither she nor the backup driver showed signs of impairment, he said.
"The pedestrian was outside of the crosswalk, so it was midblock," Elcock said. "And as soon as she walked into the lane of traffic, she was struck by the vehicle."
The National Transportation Safety Board, which makes recommendations for preventing crashes, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which can enact regulations, sent investigators.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account and said the company is cooperating with investigators.
The public's image of the vehicles will be defined by stories like the crash in Tempe, said Bryant Walker Smith, a University of South Carolina law professor who studies self-driving vehicles. It may turn out that there was nothing either the vehicle or its human backup could have done to avoid the crash, he said.
Either way, the fatality could hurt the technology's image and lead to a push for more regulations at the state and federal levels, Smith said.
Autonomous vehicles with laser, radar and camera sensors and sophisticated computers have been billed as the way to reduce the more than 40,000 traffic deaths a year in the U.S. alone. Ninety-four percent of crashes are caused by human error, the government says.
Self-driving vehicles don't drive drunk, don't get sleepy and aren't easily distracted. But they do have faults.
"We should be concerned about automated driving," Smith said. "We should be terrified about human driving."
In 2016, the latest year available, more than 6,000 U.S. pedestrians were killed by vehicles.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
Many states, including Michigan and Arizona, have taken a largely hands-off approach, hoping to gain jobs from the new technology, while California and others have taken a harder line.
California is among states that require manufacturers to report any incidents during the testing phase. As of early March, the state's motor vehicle agency had received 59 such reports.
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey used light regulations to entice Uber to the state after the company had a shaky rollout of test cars in San Francisco. Arizona has no reporting requirements. Hundreds of vehicles with automated driving systems have been on Arizona's roads.
Ducey's office expressed sympathy for Herzberg's family and said safety is the top priority.
The crash in Arizona isn't the first involving an Uber autonomous test vehicle. In March 2017, an Uber SUV flipped onto its side, also in Tempe. No serious injuries were reported, and the driver of the other car was cited for a violation.
Herzberg's death is the first involving an autonomous test vehicle but not the first in a car with some self-driving features. The driver of a Tesla Model S was killed in 2016 when his car, operating on its Autopilot system, crashed into a tractor-trailer in Florida.
The NTSB said that driver inattention was to blame but that design limitations with the system played a major role in the crash.
The U.S. Transportation Department is considering further voluntary guidelines that it says would help foster innovation. Proposals also are pending in Congress, including one that would stop states from regulating autonomous vehicles, Smith said.
Peter Kurdock, director of regulatory affairs for Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety in Washington, said the group sent a letter Monday to Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao saying it is concerned about a lack of action and oversight by the department as autonomous vehicles are developed. That letter was planned before the crash.
Kurdock said the deadly accident should serve as a "startling reminder" to members of Congress that they need to "think through all the issues to put together the best bill they can to hopefully prevent more of these tragedies from occurring."
———
Krisher reported from Detroit. Susan Montoya Bryan in Albuquerque, New Mexico; and Felicia Fonseca in Flagstaff, Arizona, contributed to this story.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
New York (AP) — Coffee futures trading on the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) Monday:
(37,500 lbs.; cents per lb.)
Uncertainty and volatility in the health insurance marketplace for individuals in Nevada has companies that broker health benefits scrambling as more and more small businesses in Northern Nevada seek coverage for their employees.
Attempts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, coupled with Anthem and Prominence Health Plan's decisions to no longer offer individual coverage, have rocked the insurance markets in Nevada. Health insurance brokers are taking more and more calls from small businesses who want to provide healthcare coverage as individual plans dry up and rates spike.
Alex Sampson, broker for Health Benefits Associates, which provides individual and business health care coverage, says he's been spending much of his time recently brokering coverage for small businesses as individual coverage plans continue to disintegrate.
"That has been huge," Sampson says. "Those individual plans have been going away, and it's been a reason for people who might have gone away from a group option in the past to look at it again.
"For employers, it's making health plans even more valuable — in the past people were saying they could go to the exchange and get something better. Now that is definitely not the case," Sampson adds.
Melissa Davies, benefit solutions consultant with Clark & Associates, started her workday one morning last week talking with a small business owner who wanted to convert employees over to a small business plan after moving them onto individual plans in 2014. It's a call she's fielding more often these days.
Recommended Stories For You
"Employer plans are the only place they can get decent rates and access," Davies says. "It's very nerve-wracking for people who don't have access to employer group plans. But they are really trying to work on stabilizing the individual marketplace."
Yeraldin Deavila, public information officer for the Nevada Division of Insurance, says the small group market in Nevada remains healthy and competitive and is unaffected by changes and uncertainty in the individual market. Anthem's announcement that it's pulling out of the individual marketplace has no negative effect on small group coverage, Deavilla adds.
Although individual health insurance plans may be battered as of late, employers who provide health insurance coverage to their employees have no need to worry, Davies says.
"Currently there is no real need for employers to be nervous — there has not been anything that changed; it's still status quo. They should keep moving forward as they have been," she says.
In fact, Davies notes, certain aspects of proposed legislation would actually help the employer insurance marketplace and relieve employers of certain cumbersome responsibilities enacted by the Affordable Care Act. Employers have been on a bit of a roller coaster the past few years since mandatory health insurance went into effect, Davies says. Open enrollment under the ACA went into effect in October 2013.
Davies says the National Association of Health Underwriters is working daily to help the current administration in Washington draft legislation that would stabilize the volatile health insurance marketplace. NAHU Chief Executive Officer Janet Trautwein said in a March press release that the organization's goal is to help all Americans receive affordable coverage.
"We look forward to continuing our dialogue with members of Congress and the administration on the implementation of health care reforms that reduce cost and encourage competition," Trautwein said.
And when companies such as Anthem and Prominence pare back their coverage offerings for individual Nevada residents, it stifles competition and leads to increased individual rates, says Sampson of Health Benefits Associates. It does, however, boost competition amongst providers of small business insurance plans as more small business owners step in and try to provide health insurance coverage for their employees.
"Anthem going away affects the whole market," he says. "Fewer choices mean higher prices. But with small business options and more people going to them, it means more insurance companies competing for business, and that means lower prices.
"The most important thing is to convert as many individuals over to small business plans or to get individuals into plans that they can afford," Sampson adds. "That is mostly what we have been doing, transferring people over. We have not had many new clients. We are just trying to find a good place for individuals to land with the ridiculous rate increases."
Health insurance remains a primary retention tool for Northern Nevada businesses. It's one of the reasons some people take a job bucking boxes at the United Parcel Service hub in Sparks, or fulfilling orders at Amazon's new distribution facility at Lemmon Drive. Those companies offer attractive benefit packages that for some are more important than a weekly paycheck.
"Nowadays for employers, there is so much competition in the job market that (benefits) are a huge retention and attraction tool for new employees," Davies says. "The main thing we are dealing with is trying to get people covered in the best way possible.
"We definitely have to think outside of the box to put together creative solutions that meet employer budgets and also offer employees good coverage and benefits that keep them happy. That is the name of the game for us and for employers."
After blaming violence from protests on “many sides” in Charlottesville, Va., on Saturday, President Trump condemned the K.K.K., neo-Nazis and white supremacists during a White House speech on Monday.
The winning numbers in Monday mornings drawing of the Tennessee Lottery's “Cash 3” game were:
1-6-3
Lucky Sum: 10
The winning numbers in Monday mornings drawing of the Tennessee Lottery's “Cash 4” game were:
5-2-5-3
Lucky Sum: 15
The meetings followed a pomp-filled welcome ceremony on the South Lawn. Trump said before an audience of U.S. soldiers and members of his Cabinet that the relationship he forged with Macron at the start of his presidency was a testament to the "enduring friendship that binds our two nations." He thanked the French leader for his "steadfast partnership" in the recent missile strike in response to the chemical attack in Syria.
Macron said, "History is calling us. It is urging our people to find the fortitude that has guided us in the most difficult of times. France and with it, Europe, and the United States have an appointment with history."
The social highlight of Macron's visit, the first state visit of the Trump presidency, comes Tuesday night with a lavish state dinner at the White House. About 150 guests are expected to dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart and enjoy an after-dinner performance by the Washington National Opera. On Monday night, the leaders took a helicopter tour of Washington landmarks and had dinner at the Potomac River home of George Washington in Mount Vernon, Virginia.
Tuesday's meetings follow the collaboration by the U.S., France and Britain in missile strikes in Syria earlier this month to respond to the alleged chemical weapons attack. The U.S. has 2,000 troops in Syria assisting local Arab and Kurdish fighters against IS, though Trump has resisted a deeper U.S. involvement and is eager to withdraw completely from Syria.
Macron's three-day visit to Washington underscores the importance that both sides attach to the relationship: Macron, who calls Trump often, has emerged as something of a "Trump whisperer" at a time when the American president's relationships with other European leaders are more strained. Trump, who attaches great importance to the optics of pageantry and ceremony, chose to honour Macron with the first state visit of his administration as he woos the French president.
For all their camaraderie, Macron and Trump disagree on some fundamental issues, including the multinational nuclear deal, which is aimed at restricting Iran's development of nuclear weapons. Trump, skeptical of the pact's effectiveness, has been eager to pull out as a May 12 deadline nears. Macron says he is not satisfied with the situation in Iran and thinks the agreement is imperfect, but he has argued for the U.S. sticking with the deal on the grounds that there is not yet a "Plan B."
Trump ended his first year in office without receiving a foreign leader on a state visit, the first president in nearly 100 years to fail to do so. He was Macron's guest last July at the annual Bastille Day military parade in the centre of Paris. Macron and his wife also took Trump and first lady Melania Trump on a tour of Napoleon's tomb and whisked them up in the Eiffel Tower for dinner overlooking the City of Light.
Macron was welcomed back to the White House on Tuesday with a traditional arrival ceremony featuring nearly 500 members of the U.S. military and a booming 21-gun salute. He was also attending a State Department lunch hosted by Vice-President Mike Pence.
___
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller and Jonathan Lemire contributed.
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
By Darlene Superville And Ken Thomas, The Associated Press
Scientists in the Philippines have discovered the first living giant shipworm.
The creature's existence has been established for years, but no live specimen had previously been found.
The animal can reach a length of up to 1.55m (5ft) and a diameter of 6cm (2.3in).
The living specimen's discovery was detailed in US science journal the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America (PNAS).
MORE: Is this the smallest coffee shop in the world?
MORE: Happy Easter! Low-calorie eggs for the sea turtle on a diet after piling on the pounds
The shipworm is part of the bivalve family, in the same group as mussels and clams, and spends its life encased in a hard shell, feeding on mud.
The study said this ‘rare and enigmatic species', known as Kuphus polythamia, is the longest living bivalve known to man.
A team of scientists from the Philippines, France and the US discovered five giant shipworms in a marine bay in Mindanao.
They cut off one end of the shipworm's shell before shaking out the long, slimy and black animal.
View photos Smaller shipworms feed on wood (Picture: Rex) More
Shipworms are usually must smaller and feed on rotting wood.
The giant shipworm creates its own hard shell from calcium carbonate and even has a protective cap over its head, which it reabsorbs to burrow into the mud for food.
(Main picture: PNAS)
MONTREAL — Remi Garde wants an explanation of how Major League Soccer referees make calls, but the Montreal Impact coach is also aware that many of his team's troubles are their own fault.
Garde, who joined the Impact in November from Olympique Lyonnais in France, said Tuesday he hopes to meet with Howard Webb of the Professional Referees Organization to discuss how games are officiated.
"We need to know how things work because it isn't clear," said Garde, whose team has given up five penalties and had two players sent off in seven games. "Since the start of the season, anything debatable has gone against us. It's frustrating."
He said in some cases fouls that drew a red card for his players only counted as yellows when opponents did the same things, and he'd like to know why.
Forced to play a man short in two of the last three games, the Impact (2-5) have lost three in a row by a combined score of 12-4.
The Impact were coming off a 5-3 loss at home to LAFC in which they blew a 3-1 lead after defender Victor Cabrera was ejected.
After the game, goalkeeper Evan Bush called the red card "comical.
"And these guys (the referees), you can't even have a conversation with them to ask them what they saw. There's a bit of arrogance there that needs to be cleaned up. Because if you don't know what you did wrong, you can't correct it."
Garde also hopes to see a change in attitude from his players, who have conceded a league-worst 17 goals. They next face Atlanta's high-powered attack away on Saturday.
"It's a young team in terms of experience, but we need to raise our standard as a group," he said. "Hating to lose, as a professional athlete, is a formidable engine.
Selma Police Chief Spencer Collier Injured in Wreck
by Ellis Eskew
ALEA confirms former ALEA Secretary and current Selma Police Chief Spencer Collier was injured in a wreck on U.S. Highway 80 in Montgomery County Monday evening. There was a two vehicle crash with road blockage. No other details are available at this time.
CLOSE Iowa coach explains why he went with Luka Garza despite two first-half fouls Mark Emmert/HawkCentral
Southern University Jaguars forward Jared Sam (12) goes to the basket as Iowa Hawkeyes forward Jack Nunge (right) and guard Connor McCaffery (left) defend during the first half at Carver-Hawkeye Arena. (Photo: Jeffrey Becker/USA TODAY Sports)
IOWA CITY, Ia. – Connor McCaffery's first college basketball game ended with him gasping for air.
“It was probably good to push me a little bit,” McCaffery said after he ended up wheezing in front of his bench at the tail end of a 17-minute performance Sunday.
McCaffery's Hawkeyes beat Southern 91-60 at Carver-Hawkeye Arena.
It was his father, Fran, who pushed Connor.
McCaffery's college debut saw him make his lone 3-pointer, a pair of free throws and end up with five points, four assists, three defensive rebounds and one turnover.
After being sidelined for 10 games with an ankle injury and then mononucleosis, McCaffery was just happy to finally join his teammates on the court in a game that counted.
“Coming in, hearing my name announced for the first time, that was a good feeling,” said the 6-foot-5 rookie from Iowa City West. “I'd been wanting to play for so long. Finally practicing, finally playing, it was special.”
McCaffery showed a steadiness at the point guard that could serve Iowa well. The Hawkeyes have been struggling in the back court and sport a 5-6 record after Sunday's win.
Still, it's premature to view McCaffery as the answer in a thin Hawkeye backcourt. Southern is a subpar team, so it will be interesting to see what he does when the opposition improves.
He said he is working to develop strength in his hamstring and quadricep muscles after mono sapped him of his strength. McCaffery said he's only been able to participate in three practices.
“It's just the firing of the muscles, the strength that comes with that, and hopefully it will build back up fast,” McCaffery said.
Fran McCaffery said he didn't expect his son to log 17 minutes after weeks away from the team.
“He played the way I know he can play, the way he knows he can play,” Fran McCaffery said. “Physically he's still a long way away. He's really gassed. He doesn't have his legs underneath him.”
McCaffery could protect his son in a zone defense for much of Saturday. Look for more of that when Iowa hosts Drake at 1 p.m. Saturday in Des Moines.
Dailey rises again
It was Maishe Dailey who helped turn the tide Sunday. Iowa was trailing 23-17 in a sleepy game at Carver-Hawkeye when the sophomore guard hit a 3-pointer. Then another.
Iowa Hawkeyes guard Maishe Dailey (1) shoots a three point shot as Southern University Jaguars guard DeRias Johnson (30) defends during the first half at Carver-Hawkeye Arena. (Photo: Jeffrey Becker/USA TODAY Sports)
Dailey, a little-used reserve last year, then fed Nicholas Baer for the 3-pointer to give the Hawkeyes the lead for good.
Dailey said he'd been telling himself to shoot, in order to keep his confidence up. He was averaging 4.8 points on 38.5-percent shooting.
“He just kept plugging,” McCaffery said of Dailey, a sophomore who was little-used last year. ”He's not a complainer. He doesn't mope. He knew he had a lot to learn and he was trying to learn it and get better.”
Dailey ended up with nine points, four rebounds and two assists in 21 minutes.
Protecting the ball
Iowa had committed 18 turnovers in each of the last three games. Ball-handling was a focal part of the Hawkeyes' practice sessions leading into Sunday's game.
The Hawkeyes committed just one of their seven turnovers after intermission to snap a four-game losing streak. Guards Jordan Bohannon, Isaiah Moss, Dailey, Brady Ellingson and McCaffrey combined for 14 assists and one turnover.
That will work.
Moss keeps shooting
Moss, a sophomore coming off a four-point performance in Thursday's loss at Iowa State, showed no hesitation to shoot.
Moss made the first two Iowa baskets at Ames, but never scored again.
On Sunday, he again made the first two Hawkeye shots — both 3-pointers — but proceeded to sink two more in the second half for 12 points.
“Staying confident is a big thing for me, make or miss,” Moss said after going 4-for-9 from the 3-point arc. “I‘m just staying confident throughout the two whole games. Some of those shots are just open. They all felt good.”
Moss said he needed a strong performance in order to forget about what happened in Ames.
“I thought he was really good today. I thought he was where he was supposed to be," McCaffery said of Moss. "He was moving the ball, He shot it when he was open. His effort level was good.".
Losing control
Iowa sophomore Tyler Cook made a powerful statement early in the second half. The Hawkeyes forward took a pass and bulled his way to the middle of the lane for a dunk.
Cook then barked at a Southern defender and was whistled for a technical foul.
McCaffery said he had no excuse for his power forward, whom he pulled to the bench. McCaffery left no doubt that he was unhappy with Cook's antics, in a game Iowa led by 20 points.
“Not when he's got three fouls, no I'm not,” McCaffery said when asked if he was OK with Cook's exuberance.
The school diary issued for the new academic session from the school has a number of listings and one of them goes on to state that the girls should either wear skin or white coloured innerwear while coming to school. A report suggests that the school authorities have allotted fixed slots to students of each class to use a toilet or drink water.
A report suggests that the school authorities have allotted fixed slots to students of each class to use a toilet or drink water
Parents of students studying at Pune's top school were left perplexed after their girl child informed them about the new directive issued by their school. As per reports, the authorities of Maeer's MIT School have rolled out a new guideline where it is dictating the colour of inner wears by girl students at the school. Stroking a controversy, the school diary issued for the new academic session from the school has a number of listings and one of them goes on to state that the girls should either wear skin or white coloured innerwear while coming to school. If this wasn't enough, the school authorities made sure that the parents sign the decree so that their guidelines are not violated.
Commenting on the matter, parents of the girl students said that the school authorities forced them to sign the documents and added that strict actions will be taken if they fail to abide by the guidelines.
After the notification was issued, several parents knocked on the doors of the school authorities, expressing their displeasure over the incident. However, the pleas went unheard.
Parents of students of Maeer's MIT School,Pune stage protest over school's diktat for girl students to wear innerwear of specific colour, say,"They're asking us to sign the diary which mentions this. Children are not even allowed to use toilet multiple times here." #Maharashtra pic.twitter.com/4ZYYc0nd0A — ANI (@ANI) July 4, 2018
Meanwhile, reacting on the media reports, the school authorities said that it was being done for the safety of girl students at the school. The executive director of MIT Group of Institute, Suchitra Karad Nagare, said that there was no hidden agenda behind this. She added that the decision was taken in regard to the previous incidents the school faced. She added that their intention behind giving such directives was pure.
"The intention to give such specific directives in the school diary was very pure.We had some experiences in the past which made us take this decision. We didn't have any hidden agenda," Dr. Suchitra Karad Nagare, Executive director of MIT Group of Institute #Maharashtra pic.twitter.com/6wSHn65cZ9 — ANI (@ANI) July 4, 2018
Irked over the dictate issued by the Pune school, the parents staged a protest outside the school and further said that their children were not even being allowed to use toilet multiple times.
A report by Zee suggests that the school authorities have allotted fixed slots to students of each class to use a toilet or drink water.
With no solution received yet, the parent's have also filed their complaints with the Director of Primary Education.
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
For two years, President Donald Trump has called the Iran nuclear deal the worst agreement ever. Now, as the deadline for remaining in the accord looms, Trump administration sources say the president decided that the United States will stay in it—but will announce as early as next week that Tehran is not abiding by the terms of the deal and try and re-negotiate them. This process is known as de-certification.
The sources asked for anonymity because they weren't authorized to discuss the details of Trump's decision.
Scrapping the deal entirely would require the United States to re-impose nuclear sanctions on Iran. And “for now,” a source says, Washington will not do that. Republicans in Congress have been eager to bring back sanctions lifted after the deal was signed in 2015, but Trump will ask them to hold off, and Congress will likely do so.
Related: Nuclear crisis or art of the deal?
Donald Trump More
Alex Wong/Getty
The president's key foreign policy advisers—national security adviser H.R. McMaster, Defense Secretary James Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson—presented Trump with a united front on the decision in September. On Monday, Mattis said publicly for the first time in congressional testimony that he believed it was in the U.S. interest to remain a part of the accord.
Going forward, Trump needs to persuade European signatories to the deal—France Germany and the U.K.—to join Washington in seeking tougher terms, including getting rid of the so-called sunset provisions that critics say gives Tehran a pathway to nuclear weapons in 10 to 15 years. Mark Dubowitz, chief executive officer of the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies, a foreign policy think tank, argued recently that Trump should insist on conditions making the current restrictions on Iran's nuclear program permanent.
The same, he said, goes for testing advanced centrifuges, nuclear-capable ballistic missiles and buying and transferring conventional weaponry. Dubowitz and other critics of the deal also believe that Trump should insist on U.N. weapons inspectors getting unfettered access to Iranian military sites where U.S. intelligence agencies believe Tehran has conducted work on its nuclear program.
Trump's advisers agree with most, if not all, of Dubowitz's points. But Washington's European partners might not be so eager to renegotiate the agreement and insist on tougher terms. The U.K. and Germany have said they think the accord is working well enough and should be maintained. French President Emmanuel Macron, however, has said he is open to revisiting the sunset provisions, and he agrees broadly with Mattis and McMaster that Iran's malign behavior in the Middle East and Africa—which has only intensified since the agreement went into effect—needs to be confronted more forcefully
Tehran has already rejected any talk of renegotiating the terms of the deal. Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told the U.N. General Assembly in September that “it will be a great pity if this agreement were destroyed by rogue newcomers to the world of politics,” in a clear reference to Trump. He then added, “Iran will not be the first country to violate the agreement, but it will respond decisively and resolutely to its violation by any party.” How Tehran will react to the administration's decision once it's announced is unclear.
Senator Tom Cotton, a Republican from Arkansas, who had dinner with Trump on Monday night, has urged the president to call Tehran's bluff. He's an influential critic of the Iran deal and believes that decertifying it and then holding out the prospect of renewed sanctions—but not imposing them immediately—gives the administration “leverage,” and would eventually bring Tehran back to the table.
Supporters of the status quo, including many former Obama administration officials, believe Iran could leave the deal in response and race toward a nuclear breakout.
We'll soon find out who's right.
Related Articles
With more than 600 games as manager under his belt, Simon Grayson is far too experienced to get carried away with Sunderland's encouraging start to the Championship.
But Grayson is pleased with the results and style of play Sunderland have produced in the opening fixtures and hopes it continues.
Sunderland celebrate their opening goal against Norwich.
While he won't get carried away, he doesn't want to dampen spirits either and says the fans should embrace the strong start.
Sunderland drew with Derby County on the opening day ahead of the superb 3-1 win over Norwich City, with a Carabao Cup win over Bury sandwiched in between.
Ahead of tomorrow night's trip to Hillsborough to face promotion contenders Sheffield Wednesday, Grayson is keen to see the momentum carry on.
“I am level-headed,” said the former Blackpool, Leeds United, Huddersfield Town and Preston North End boss.
“If we go on a run of losing games I won't get too down or pessimistic, it is about staying level-headed throughout the campaign.
“But I am pleased with how we have done so far, of course I am.
“Any team wants to start the season playing decent football and getting decent results and we have done that so far.
“I am pleased but I still know what we can do and what is around the corner potentially too.
“You have to rein it in a little bit but I want people to enjoy and embrace the positive results. Our supporters are intelligent, they know we won't go through the season unbeaten.
“We are all in this together. Don't get too down or too carried away and see where it takes us.”
He added: “We have started the season in a decent manner, getting the four points from the two games.
“Hillsborough is a tough place to go to but we need to remain level headed, we know the twists and turns in the Championship over the course of a season.
“We want to build on the two results and get three more points.”
Sunderland were backed by 1,200 away supporters at Carrow Road and Grayson admits it is important the fans are buying into his plans for the club with Sunderland's campaign quickly up and running.
“That is important, of course it is,” added Grayson.
“New managers want to get their philosophies across very quickly and ultimately get a good victory and performance in straight away.
“That was highlighted against Derby, we built on that at Bury and then Norwich was a different type of victory – to get performances and results early on is crucial to any manager.
“We are not getting carried away with ourselves, though.”
Sunderland hadn't won a league game in August since 2010 before Sunday's victory and with that hoodoo broken, hopes now turn to the first back-to-back win at Hillsborough and the first home league win with Leeds United the visitors on Saturday teatime – both tough asks.
Grayson added: “If we can go through to the end of August undefeated then we will have had a great start but the Championship is so tough that you go to Hillsborough on Wednesday, a team desperate to get their first victory and then face a strong team like Leeds United who will be looking to build on their start too.”
VALENCIA, Spain — The Egyptian Football Federation says Mohamed Salah's shoulder injury will not keep him out for longer than three weeks, meaning he should be fit to play at least some part in the country's World Cup campaign.
The Liverpool forward was injured in the first half of Saturday's Champions League final against Real Madrid and left the field in tears. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said after the game that Salah's World Cup campaign was in jeopardy but the EFA gave an optimistic update on Wednesday after its president Hani Abu Reda, national team coach Hector Cuper and doctor Mohamed Abou El-Ela met with the forward in Valencia, where the 25-year-old is undergoing treatment and rehabilitation.
A post on the federation's Facebook page said that "the period of absence of Salah due to injury will not exceed three weeks."
That could still rule him out of Egypt's opening World Cup match on June 15 against Uruguay, with their second against hosts Russia coming four days later.
A controversial GOP memo which alleges political bias and abuses of government surveillance powers at the FBI and Justice Department was declassified and its release approved by President Donald Trump on Friday in spite of objections from the law enforcement and intelligence communities.
Read the memo in full below.
Emerging Sunderland bands are looking forward to their moment in the spotlight after being hand-picked by Dave Stewart to support him at the Sunderland Empire.
The rock star musician, song-writer and producer will play his home town stage for the first time on September 10 to mark his 65th birthday.
Rising to fame as one half of the Eurythmics, Dave from Barnes has gone on to sell 100 million albums and written songs for the likes of Katy Perry, Mick Jagger, Gwen Stefani and more.
Always keen to keep in touch with what's going on in his home city, he has chosen three local bands, Picnic, Social Room and Lilliput, to warm up the Empire crowds after listening to their music online.
Matty Smith from six-piece Social Room, whose band members are from Seaham and Sunderland, said: “We were over the moon when we got the phone call about playing, you couldn't write it, supporting someone of his calibre. He's the city's biggest musical export, he's massive. It's going to be amazing to play the Empire stage too.
“It's great that he's asked three local bands to support him, he doesn't have to do that.”
Social Room have built up a loyal local following and have released a number of singles. They recently played the Sunniside Live festival in Sunderland and are planning a new release next month.
Matty said: “We had an amazing response when we played Sunniside Live recently, we feel like that was a turning point for us.”
Picnic have also had festival success after appearing at last month's Summer Streets festival in Southwick.
The seven-piece formed after meeting at Sunderland College and Sunderland University.
Dave Stewart's Sunderland Empire Theatre performance support acts Picnic's leader vocals Robyn Walker and Social Room's lead vocal Matty Smith (R) with promoter Rough Diamond's Harry Collinson (middle)
Guitarist Eddie Scott said: “It's an amazing thing for him to do, he could have easily got bigger names to support him.”
Singer Robyn Walker said: “It shows he's really passionate about Sunderland's music scene, which we are too, so we feel like we have something in common with him already. When I told my mam, she couldn't believe it. The Empire is the kind of venue we never dreamed of being able to play.”
Dave had planned to play the Empire in 2012 on his Ringmaster tour, but had to cancel the date following the death of his close friend, director Tony Scott, who he'd just returned from holiday with before his tragic death.
The prolific song-writer will bring a flavour of Nashville to Sunderland with a host of American musicians performing on stage with him - steel guitar player Dan Dugmore, bass player Michael Rhodes, guitarist Tom Bukovac and drummer Chad Cromwell - who've played with the likes of Joss Stone, Sheryl Crow, Neil Young, Stevie Nicks and more.
Dave Stewart's Sunderland Empire Theatre performance support act Social Room's lead vocal Matty Smith (front)
•Tickets for Dave Stewart at Sunderland Empire on September 10 are on sale now in person at the Box office on High Street West, from the Ticket Centre on 0844 871 3022 or online at www.ATGtickets.com/Sunderland*
AMC/Netflix
Welcome to another episode of TV Avalanche, where Brian Grubb and I try to sort out the best, worst, and most interesting things happening in Peak TV.
This week, we team up to talk about The Defenders — the climactic Marvel/Netflix drama that brings together Daredevil, Jessica Jones, Luke Cage, and Iron Fist — then prepare to say goodbye to the great Halt and Catch Fire before answering your questions about putting Wynn Duffy from Justified on other shows, how hard it is to remember plot points on shows with long hiatuses, and what our two favorite NBA players could do on Game of Thrones. We close things up with a long spoiler discussion of the crazy schemes hatched by Jon Snow and company in “Eastwatch.”
00:00-15:01 The Defenders
15:02-23:00 Halt and Catch Fire season 4
23:01-37:21 Listener mail: All he does is Wynn
37:22-42:29 Listener mail: Remembering Peak TV plot points
42:30-46:47 Listener mail: Porzingis and Embiid on Game of Thrones?
46:48-01:15:03 Game of Thrones: “Eastwatch” spoilers
I'm on vacation for the next couple of weeks. Brian's going to record at least one podcast in my absence, and from what little he has told me about of his plans, it should be a memorable — or, at least, silly — one.
As always, you can send questions to tvavalanche@uproxx.com, or tweet with the hashtag #TVAvalanche.
You can also follow the podcast directly on Twitter. Uproxx now has a dedicated TV Avalanche page with links to all the ways you can subscribe, but just in case, the podcast is available on iTunes (please rate and review if you haven't already), Stitcher, Google Play, and Android. You can also stream it below or download it from SoundCloud. Our theme song is “Brundlefly” by The Zombie Dandies, which you can download here.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) – North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper has taken his oath of office minutes after midnight to get an early start amid
bitter partisan politics but says he believed there is a way forward. The Democrat was sworn in early Sunday as the state's 75th
governor nearly a week before his public inauguration ceremony. He was joined by a small group of friends and colleagues.
NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J. (CBSNewYork) — A group of New Jersey college students need help finding a beloved member of their family.
The service dog they were training to help a veteran with post-traumatic stress disorder is missing.
As CBS2's Raegan Medgie reported, the students from Rutgers' Animal Companion Club have been searching for Moe since Sunday.
“It is so important to find him because he means the world to me and he has a job to do, and he was going to go to a veteran from Rutgers service, and help save their lives. The least we can do is help save him right now,” Nicole Sadori said.
The students were fostering Moe and training him to help a veteran with PTSD until early New Year's Day when Moe took off.
It was a couple of minutes after midnight, and fireworks were going off. At one point, one of the roommates opened the door and Moe got scared. Moe ran out the door, down the street, and made a left. He hasn't been seen since.
“Two of our roommates friends chased after him, and that spooked him even more, and that's why he kept running,” Sadori said.
The group's partner Janice Wolfe — who rescued Moe and other dogs, rehabilitates them, and trains the to be service dogs.
“It's heartbreaking not knowing where he is, and it's raining and it's horrible out. He's our baby,” she said. “This is his leash, but it's the same as his collar. It has dog bones on the one side, and a metal trucky look on the other side.”
Moe was last seen near the campus of Rutgers University in New Brunswick, police are waiting for anyone who sees him to call.
Students said if you see Moe don't chase him. Approach him calmly and offer food, they believe he could be miles away from home by now.
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
21:55 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 'The Israeli Air Force leads the world' Read more Major General Amikam Norkin officially enters the post of Air Force Commander, replacing Maj. Gen. Amir Eshel, who ends his service in the Israel Defense Forces after 40 years. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Op-Art: Conditioning
To have or have not an air-conditioner in the throes of summer. By R. Kikuo Johnson. Part of Summerscapes, an occasional series on the rites of summer.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — A former Rutgers University professor whose conviction for sexually assaulting a disabled man was overturned has pleaded guilty to aggravated criminal sexual contact.
Anna Stubblefield entered her plea Monday as part of a deal with Essex County prosecutors in New Jersey. They will recommend she receive a four-year prison term when she's sentenced May 7.
Stubblefield had testified at trial that she and the man were in love. He has cerebral palsy and can't speak, but Stubblefield said he consented to the relationship by communicating on a keyboard.
Prosecutors said Stubblefield used her position to take advantage of the then-29-year-old man.
Stubblefield was convicted in 2015 and sentenced to 12 years in prison. But an appeals court ruled last July that she should get a new trial with a new judge.
Facing formidable competition from the likes of a mansion, a warship and the natural wonders of mountains and seashore, Mount Airy Main Street prevailed as North Carolina's number one attraction in a USA Today 10 Best Contest that was released at noon on Friday.
“This is so exciting for businesses in town and for the city,” said Jessica Roberts, executive director of the Mount Airy Tourism Development Authority (TDA). “We are very proud to be named number one in North Carolina, and this media exposure will be wonderful for the city of Mount Airy.”
“It was a real grassroots effort to get the word out locally and to our fans around the world; fans of Mount Airy and fans of ‘The Andy Griffith Show',” said Roberts of her agency's campaign to earn votes for Mount Airy downtown.
Also named on the 10 Best list were #2 — Battleship North Carolina, Wilmington, #3 — Biltmore Estate, Asheville, #4 — Sarah P. Duke Gardens, Durham, #5 — Grandfather Mountain, #6 — Blue Ridge Parkway, #7 — International Civil Rights Center & Museum, Greensboro, #8 — Cape Lookout National Seashore, #9 — Great Smoky Mountains National Park, #10 — Corolla Wild Horses, Corolla.
“I'm just tickled to death,” said Travis Frye, programs and events director for the Greater Mount Airy Chamber of Commerce. “I was kind of in shock. We were up against Biltmore and all those others.”
Frye added that coming out ahead of those heavy-hitting attractions is a reflection of the spirit of the local community.
It wasn't easy, and it wasn't always a sure thing. During the final weeks of voting in the reader's choice contest, Mount Airy had dropped down into third place, temporarily bested by Biltmore and some of the other contenders as voting progressed.
“We watched what they were doing, and then we did more of it,” Roberts explained how she and her team took advantage of that time while lagging behind the frontrunners. “We sent out texts, emails, posts on social media: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram. We asked the Chamber to help, talked to different people and businesses locally so they were all doing what we were doing.”
This is not Mount Airy's first time at the rodeo of public opinion. Several years ago, the city was one of six finalists competing for the title of The Friendliest City in America. The results of that competition did not turn out so well for Mayberry, with Walla Walla, Washington, ultimately named the winner. But the experience did not go to waste.
“When we were nominated for ‘friendliest city,' right away we put together a plan for media exposure to let the media know we were in the running,” said Roberts. That plan has been honed and sharpened over the years in subsequent campaigns, and on Friday it paid off.
“I think being named number one in the category is huge exposure for us,” said Roberts. “We could never pay for this kind of publicity.”
“We try to get people to come, and then we try to get them to stay longer and spend more money,” said Roberts of the efforts of the TDA. “Anything a tourist touches while they are here helps the local economy.”
“This is an opportunity for us to come together as a community,” said Frye of the latest accolade bestowed on Mount Airy by a national publication.
“People still long for that small-town feel,” he summed up. “And we've got that.”
North Carolina's Top 10 attractions can be counted down at www.10best.com.
A typical day, complete with Mayberry squad car, is shown for North Carolina's newly named #1 attraction, Mount Airy Main Street, chosen in a USA Today 10 Best contest. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/web1_Downtown-Images-2017-.jpg A typical day, complete with Mayberry squad car, is shown for North Carolina's newly named #1 attraction, Mount Airy Main Street, chosen in a USA Today 10 Best contest. Submitted photos Mount Airy Downtown as seen by drone when at its busiest – during the 2017 Autumn Leaves Festival when an estimated 200,000 visitors descended on the city during the three-day weekend. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/web1_Autumn-Leaves-Drone-2.jpg Mount Airy Downtown as seen by drone when at its busiest – during the 2017 Autumn Leaves Festival when an estimated 200,000 visitors descended on the city during the three-day weekend. Submitted photos
By Bill Colvard bcolvard@MtAiryNews.com
Reach Bill Colvard at 336-415-4699.
Reach Bill Colvard at 336-415-4699.
FILE PHOTO: Actress Roseanne Barr waves on her arrival to the 75th Golden Globe Awards in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., January 7, 2018. Picture taken January 7, 2018. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni/File Photo
By Lisa Richwine and Eric Kelsey
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday suggested an executive behind ABC's cancellation of sitcom "Roseanne" was biased while the White House said it did not defend comedian Roseanne Barr's racist tweet that sparked the decision.
Barr sparked widespread anger with a tweet on Tuesday comparing black former Obama administration adviser Valerie Jarrett to an ape. Barr wrote in a now-deleted message that if the Islamist political movement "muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby = vj."
The tweet led the ABC network, owned by Walt Disney Co, to cancel its hit revival of her "Roseanne" sitcom. Trump has cited the program's popularity as evidence that his supporters, who include Barr, want shows that speak to their concerns.
Jarrett said on Tuesday that Disney CEO Bob Iger called her before ABC announced the show's cancellation.
"Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?" Trump said on Twitter. Trump has been a persistent critic of the news media throughout his election campaign and presidency.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders elaborated on Trump's comments at a media briefing.
"The president is simply calling out the media bias. No one is defending what she said," Sanders said.
She brought up several examples of what she called a media slant against Trump. These included comments made by ABC's "The View" host Joy Behar about Vice President Mike Pence's Christian faith, comedian Kathy Griffin's comments about Trump on the same television program and ESPN's recent hiring of television personality Keith Olbermann, who called Trump a white supremacist. ESPN is majority owned by Disney.
Iger last year quit a Trump advisory council because of the president's decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord. Iger told Vogue magazine last month that he had considered running for president but decided against it to focus on business.
ABC and Disney did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
ROSEANNE BLAMES AMBIEN
Barr blamed her late-night message on the sleep aid Ambien.
"It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible," she wrote in a message that has since been deleted. "I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but...don't defend it please."
Ambien's maker, Sanofi, responded.
"While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication," its U.S. arm said on Twitter.
On Tuesday, Barr had apologized "for making a bad joke" about Jarrett.
"Don't feel sorry for me, guys!!," Barr said in a tweet on Tuesday. "I just want to apologize to the hundreds of people, and wonderful writers (all liberal) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet."
But on Wednesday she was in a feisty mood, saying on Twitter she did not know Jarrett was black.
In another tweet, Barr suggested she was being unfairly treated: "One stupid joke in a lifetime of fighting 4 civil rights 4 all minorities..."
She also responded to supportive comments on her Twitter feed, saying, "you guys make me feel like fighting back. I will examine all of my options carefully and get back to U."
The original "Roseanne" ran from 1988 to 1997, featuring a blue-collar family, the Conners, with overweight parents struggling to get by. It was praised for its realistic portrayal of working-class life.
The current "Roseanne" was ABC's biggest hit of the 2017-2018 season, drawing an average 18.7 million viewers, second only to CBS's "The Big Bang Theory," according to Nielsen data through May 20.
(Reporting by Lisa Richwine and Eric Kelsey; additional reporting by Steve Holland in Washington and Brendan O'Brien in Milwaukee; Editing by Bill Tarrant and Cynthia Osterman)
America's economic recovery has benefited California more than most states because the real estate crash hit the Golden State a lot harder. In other words, we've had to claw our way up from a deeper hole.
The good news is that the strength of the recovery is impressive. Hourly wages have jumped by four dollars since the start of the Great Recession. Unemployment has dropped to 4.3 percent, a record low since 1976 when California started keeping track of the data. The new $190 billion general and special fund budget that Gov. Brown proposed last month is an all-time record and $26 billion more than just two years ago. By any metric California's economy, the 5th largest in the world, is strong.
While California's progressive legislators seize any opportunity to trash President Trump, the undeniable truth is that most Californians will benefit from the federal tax-reform bill both from increases in their paychecks and largess from their employers handing out raises and bonuses.
There is also good news for the state's businesses community, which will see lower payroll taxes. Back in 2001, the state Legislature — in a decidedly short-sighted move — increased unemployment insurance benefits to a maximum amount of $450 a week for 26 weeks. Increasing benefits by that amount without increasing payroll taxes was a recipe for disaster. That disaster struck with the onset of the recession in 2008. One year later, the state depleted its unemployment insurance fund reserve and went into insolvency, where the fund remains today. In order to continue paying out unemployment benefits, California borrowed $10.2 billion from the federal government between 2008 and 2012.
Under law, California is prohibited from repaying the loan principal out of general or special funds, but can repay the interest due the federal government. The only way to repay the loan back is either by increasing payroll taxes or decreasing benefits. Because California politicians could not reach agreement on how to solve this problem, the federal government acted for them, automatically increasing payroll taxes to settle the debt.
Related Articles How Trump's transportation plan might help Southern California
OCGRIP is a national model for preventing gang membership
Another view of the governor's ‘State of the State'
Public safety agencies must cooperate to resolve dangerous helicopter feud
A monopoly internet and the mothers of invention The consequences of the insolvency of the Unemployment Insurance Fund have been dramatic for California businesses and taxpayers. According to the non-partisan Legislative Analyst's Office, California will end up paying nearly $1.5 billion in interest payments to the federal government out of the state's general fund. And California employers are estimated to have paid over $2.5 billion in increased federal payroll taxes in 2017 alone, solely for the purpose of making the fund solvent. Increased wages and job growth from the “Trump bump” have helped to repay this loan quicker than might otherwise have been possible.
The unemployment insurance debacle is yet another example of the federal government riding to the rescue and bailing us out. The good news for California employers is that the federal loan will be paid off sometime this year, meaning more money can be invested in businesses and returned to workers.
However, the respite may be short-lived. As is inevitable in the cyclical nature of economies, what goes up must come back down. The nine-year expansion of California's economy will not last forever and may already be starting to contract. In order to avoid yet another structural budget problem (see also: the general fund and unfunded pension liabilities) it is imperative the Legislature act now to restore sustainable benefit levels before the next recession. Otherwise, the Trump administration may once again have to bail out California.
Jon Coupal is president of the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association.
Brantley singled in the first when the Indians took a 2-0 lead against Lopez, whose wild pitch brought in Greg Allen with Cleveland's first run before Cabrera delivered a one-out sacrifice fly.
Since moving into the No. 2 spot in Cleveland's order, Brantley is batting .368 (29 of 79) with six homers, 18 RBIs and 20 runs scored.
MANAGING MILLER
The Indians are still working out a treatment plan for All-Star reliever Andrew Miller, who has been on the disabled list three times in the past year with a right knee issue.
Miller has not been effective since returning from a hamstring injury on May 11. He visited a specialist in New York on Wednesday, and manager Terry Francona said the tests and examination gave Miller "some peace of mind."
The 33-year-old is not expected to need surgery at this time. Francona said the team will likely have more information Thursday in Minnesota on the next course of action for Miller, who is 1-3 with a 4.40 ERA in 17 appearances.
TRAINER'S ROOM
White Sox: INF Matt Davidson (back spasms) will be re-evaluated when the team returns home for a weekend series against Milwaukee. Davidson, tied for the club lead with 11 home runs, was placed on the DL on Monday.
Indians: Injured OFs Bradley Zimmer (bruised left rib), Lonnie Chisenhall (strained right calf) and Brandon Guyer (strained neck) are all making progress. Francona said Zimmer is the closest to being activated.
UP NEXT
White Sox: LHP Hector Santiago starts against Milwaukee in the opener of a three-game series Friday. He picked up his first win of the season on May 26, allowing one run in five innings against Detroit.
Indians: Rookie Shane Bieber will make his major league debut — on his 23rd birthday — in the opener of a four-game series at Minnesota. A fourth-round pick in 2016, Bieber has quickly risen through Cleveland's system. He pitched a rain-shortened, seven-inning no-hitter for Triple-A Columbus last week. He's is the first pitcher in Cleveland history to debut on his birthday.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbasebal
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
An Esperanza High School graduating senior aknowledges the crowd as he walks into the stadium at Yorba Linda High School for his graduation in Yorba Linda on Wednesday, June 14, 2017. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG)
18:14 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Expulsion orders against illegal infiltrators revoked Read more All involuntary deportation plans and orders against illegal infiltrators cancelled. No plans to deport infiltrators to third country. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Pope Francis waves to faithful during the Angelus noon prayer in St. Peter's Square, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017. Francis said that working to protect the dignity of the weakest and most disadvantaged implies "also working with determination to build a world without nuclear arms." He urged people to put intelligence and technology at the "service of peace and true progress." (AP Photo/Gregorio Borgia)
2016 turned out to be good for Hareem Farooq, apart from shedding some major weight, the starlet has upped her game a notch or two in terms of style, fashion and profession. We love the bubbly girl in all the gorgeous colors under the sun, but when it comes to black – Hareem goes an extra mile to look and certainly blows you away! The Dobara Phir Se actress flaunts some outfits in black which are slay worthy.
1. She looks super chic in this stylish cold shoulder kurta by Zainab Chhotani
Couldn't have asked for a better dress! perfect for a baraat thank you @zainabchottaniofficial ?????? #weddingseason #favcombo #blackandgold #velvet #winterweddings?? A photo posted by Hareem (@hareemfarooq) on Dec 30, 2016 at 9:47am PST
2.Like a feisty fox in these pants and top
3.This is a salute worthy outfit by Sonya Battla
4. She looks like she stepped out of a fairy-tale in this dress by Natasha Kamal
5. Lehenga choli paired with a peach dupatta by Saira Rizwan is gorgeous
there is nothing more refreshing than a good laugh in the middle of some serious posing!!! last night at #plbw16 showstopper the wonderful @sairarizwan_official and hair and makeup by @nabila_salon thank you you making me look so good ?????? A photo posted by Hareem (@hareemfarooq) on Sep 30, 2016 at 9:11am PDT
6. Looking like a boss in this sexy dress by Misha Lakhani
She really turned on the heat with all her black numbers, didn't she?
for those who missed all the live fun of the karachi event on my snapchat can follow me and not miss the live updates of the lahore event! snapchat code: hareem.farooq #L'Oréal #THISISIT #mybronzeblond #lovingit #ITGIRL ???? A video posted by Hareem (@hareemfarooq) on Apr 12, 2016 at 4:50am PDT
Please follow and like us:
Comments
comments
Transcript for Trump calls for death penalty for drug dealers 'where appropriate'
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Sport has always found a way to be a welcome escape from the drama and bad news that audiences are informed with on a daily basis. Sports can force one out of their seat, to scream at the TV, and cheer with family and friends. This past year brought a lot of excitement and Ashley Docking goes back to some of the most memorable sports moments of 2016.
There were so many to pick from so please comment with some moments that were inspiring, amazing, emotional or downright unbelievable!
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A man believed to be an occupant in a home where a crane collapsed on homes in Lauderhill, Fla., is transported to the hospital by Broward County Fire Rescue Wednesday, May 30, 2018. A crane boom crashe...
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
By DAVID FISCHER
Associated Press
A crane toppled on two houses in a Florida neighborhood, smashing through the roof of one of the homes and injuring at least two people Wednesday, authorities said.
The crane was being used to put up Florida Power & Light electric poles when it fell on the houses, Lauderhill Fire Rescue Assistant Fire Chief Jeff Levy said at a news conference at the scene.
"There's significant roof and structural damage to the one house and some roof damage to the second house," Levy said.
Power also was knocked out in the surrounding area.
No fatalities or serious injuries were reported. The crane's operator was treated for minor injuries at the scene, Levy said, while a man who had been inside the home with the collapsed roof was taken to a nearby hospital. The resident had been alert and walking around before his trip to the hospital.
"He's lucky to be alive," Levy said.
A Broward Sheriff Fire Rescue dog searched area homes for other victims, but none were found, Levy added.
It wasn't immediately clear what caused the collapse, Levy said. It remained under investigation.
FPL spokesman Richard Beltran confirmed the crane was being operated by a contractor when it tipped over, but he couldn't provide additional information.
Lauderhill is located northwest of Fort Lauderdale in South Florida. The Lauderhill Fire Rescue Department tweeted photos showing its emergency crews on the scene amid views of the crane toppled atop a house and a fence.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
In a shock announcement, Prime Minister Theresa May on Tuesday called for an early general election to be held June 8 to seek a strong mandate as she negotiates Britain's exit from the European Union.
Standing outside 10 Downing Street, May said she would ask the House of Commons on Wednesday to back her call for an election, three years before the next scheduled date in May 2020.
She said that since Britons voted to leave the EU in June, the country had come together, but politicians had not. She said the political divisions "risk our ability to make a success of Brexit."
At present, May's governing Conservatives have 330 seats in the 650-seat House of Commons. May said that "our opponents believe that because the government's majority is so small, our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change course" on leaving the EU.
"They are wrong," she said. "They underestimate our determination to get the job done and I am not prepared to let them endanger the security of millions of working people across the country."
Under Britain's Fixed-Term Parliaments Act, elections are held every five years, but the prime minister can call a snap election if two-thirds of lawmakers vote for it.
The leader of the main opposition Labour Party, Jeremy Corbyn, has previously said he would back such a call.
May took office in July after predecessor David Cameron stepped down following his failed attempt to get voters to back remaining in the EU. Since then she has ruled out calling an early election to get her own mandate. But she said Tuesday she had "reluctantly" changed her mind.
Polls give May's Conservatives a double-digit lead on Labour, which is divided under left-wing leader Corbyn.
The pound rose 0.1 percent against the U.S. dollar after the announcement, to 1.257, recovering from a 0.4 percent drop an hour earlier.
The Delhi High Court on Monday issued notice to the Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) on a appeal against a single judge order dismissing some students' plea against the procedure followed by the varsity to implement a UGC notification that a professor cannot guide more than three M.Phil and eight Ph.D research scholars at any given time.
A division bench of Acting Chief Justice Gita Mittal and Justice Anu Malhotra sought the response from JNU before April 28, the next date of hearing.
Students filed an appeal against March 16 order of Justice VK Rao who had refused to grant any relief to JNU students, saying the University Grants Commission's regulations are “applicable and binding” on the university.
The single judge's order came on plea of JNU students who contended that the UGC notification dated May 5, 2016, “threatens to put our future in jeopardy” as they would not be able to find research supervisors/guides due to the said notification”.
The JNU authorities had told the court that the notification was “binding” on the varsity and 43 central universities were already abiding by it.
The varsity had said it will neither receive grants nor could award degrees if it stopped following the UGC regulations.
The notification was adopted by the university during its 142nd Academic Council meeting on December 26, 2016, amid protests from several council members.
The students had argued that the notification's ramifications will extend beyond existing researchers and lead to few admissions of research aspirants in the current academic session.
Both existing and prospective students, who moved the Delhi High Court, had agreed to undertake that they were not challenging the UGC notification but restricting their case to “procedural lapses” on the JNU's part in adopting the notification.
The students had said the JNU did not include their representative in the meetings held to discuss the notification's implementation.
A day ahead of Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath's visit to Bihar to address a rally in Darbhanga district, Chief Minister Nitish Kumar on Wednesday took a dig at him, saying those coming to Bihar to deliver speech should first enforce prohibition in their states and implement reservations for women.
Nitish Kumar, during an official function at the Darbhanga Medical College and Hospital, said a large number of abandoned cows are found roaming on the roads, including national highways in Uttar Pradesh, eating plastic and dying in hundreds.
“Talking big will not work…do something concrete on the ground to protect abandoned cows. Bihar is already working on a project to provide shelter to abandoned cows. What we say, we do and fulfil promises, unlike those who forget their promises,” he taunted.
Nitish Kumar said Prime Minister Narendra Modi had praised imposition of total prohibition in Bihar, but prohibition had not been enforced in the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-ruled states.
Taking on “gau rakshaks” or cow vigilantes, he said they should look after abandoned cows and provide them shelter and food instead of attacking people on the roads in the name of protecting cows.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
After more than four months of spiraling political scandal, criminal charges and the threat of impeachment, Gov. Eric Greitens of Missouri made a surprise announcement: He would resign his office by the end of the week. It was a sudden switch for a governor who for months had defiantly rejected a chorus of calls to quit and who said he had done nothing illegal.
On Wednesday, prosecutors in St. Louis said they would dismiss a felony charge against him as part of a deal reached if he resigned.
Here are major takeaways from Mr. Greitens's saga.
His playbook sounded a lot like President Trump's, except for one thing.
As he defended himself in recent months, Mr. Greitens chose his words carefully. “Let's call this what it is,” he said at a news conference last month. “A political witch hunt.”
An ad last week, paid for by the governor's political operation, also used language that sounded borrowed from Mr. Trump.
Getty Image
Dwyane Wade has been a go-to guy throughout his NBA career. So when word came down that Wade approached the Cleveland Cavaliers‘ coaching staff and wanted to come off the bench, it was something of a surprise. The move meant that Wade was going to become the team's sixth man while J.R. Smith regained a starting job.
Wade has thrived coming off the bench, as he has put up better numbers in his “reduced” role. Additionally, the team has been playing its best basketball as Wade has gotten used to being a sixth man, as Cleveland is 14-1 over its last 15 games.
Maybe the most surprising part is that Wade didn't struggle with the realization that the best move for himself and for his new team would be for him to come off the bench. Wade explained this to Jeff Zillgitt of USA Today Sports, saying that his ego didn't want him to become a bench guy even though he knew that was for the best.
Quite a rally for Rumor — a commanding comeback for German shepherds, too.
Rumor was crowned America's top dog Tuesday night when, a year after a near miss on the very same green carpet, she came out of retirement to win best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club.
Cheered loudly all around the ring by a packed crowd at Madison Square Garden, she's just the second German shepherd champion at the event that began in 1877.
"Unbelievable," handler and co-owner Kent Boyles said.
In a year that's seen lots of late, startling twists in sports — think Patriots, Cubs and Cavaliers — Rumor pulled something of a shocker. She'd been at home in Wisconsin for months, a house pet headed toward having puppies, when she suddenly jumped back into the show ring in January.
Boyles is a fan of the Packers and star quarterback Aaron Rodgers. Seeing a pet go from the couch to this top prize, heck, that's a dog world Hail Mary.
The 5-year-old Rumor beat out a Norwegian elkhound, a Pekingese, a miniature poodle, an Irish setter, a boxer and a Norwich terrier in the final ring. The Irish setter called Adrian finished second.
"The German shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility," judge Thomas Bradley III said. "When you recognize it, it hits you at home, and that's what it really is. She is just magnificent."
Rumor is named for the hit song "Rumor Has It" by Adele, a champion herself after sweeping the major categories at the Grammy Awards on Sunday.
This was the 104th career win for Rumor, and earlier in the day, Boyles said that this would definitely, for real, be her last major show.
"She's going to be relaxing for a while," Boyles said after the win, but ultimately, there are "puppies in her future."
Clearly the crowd favorite, Rumor came out flying into the best-of-seven final ring to fans whistling and calling her name.
Rumor raised up for a well-deserved treat right after the win. Moments later, as Boyles did post-show interviews, Rumor spotted him and ran toward the man who guided her to victory.
Rumor joined the fittingly named Manhattan in 1987 as the only German shepherds to go best in show at the Garden.
There were nearly 2,800 dogs entered in the 141st Westminster canine competition, spread across the 202 eligible breeds and varieties.
The moment any German shepherd steps into the ring at the Garden, the crowd goes crazy.
New Yorkers just love 'em.
Some say it's because rooting for a German shepherd is the same as putting on an NYPD or FDNY hat, standing up for a dog that stood tall at a time of the city's greatest need.
"My sentiments, exactly," Boyles said.
While German shepherds hadn't won a lot here, many of them were on the green carpet of the center ring in 2002 when Westminster honored search and rescue dogs for their tireless work at the World Trade Center and Pentagon following the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. The solemn tribute is considered by many the most cherished memory ever at Westminster.
"They're loyal, dependable dogs that you can count on," Boyles said.
Rumor nearly won Westminster last year. She came to town as the nation's No. 1 show dog with more than 100 overall ribbons but was beaten in a surprise by a German shorthaired pointer named CJ.
In fact, when the judge began to announce his champion pick with "German sh...," Boyles took a step forward, anticipating the prize.
"I was thinking," Boyles said.
That was supposed to be Rumor's last show, and she was set to head home with Boyles to Edgerton, Wisconsin, to be a house pet and have puppies. She didn't conceive and late in the year, Boyles thought twice about Rumor's retirement.
"She liked to show and was in good shape, so we thought, why not?" he said.
Rumor went back on the circuit in January for 10 shows. She won the herding group Monday night at the Garden, beating top show favorite Preston the puli.
She topped that with the ultimate win at America's most prestigious dog show, rewarding the faith German shepherd fans always show in them.
"It's a recognizable dog, people have liked them for a long, long time," WKC President Sean McCarthy said earlier. "I think it goes back to Rin Tin Tin."
———
AP freelance writer Ginger Tidwell contributed to this report.
Police in Massachusetts are testing a new database for documenting opioid overdoses they hope will help departments share information in real time and get people into treatment.
The database was developed by criminal justice experts Sean Varano at Roger Williams University in Rhode Island, and Pam Kelley with Kelley Research Associates in Massachusetts.
It's an innovative approach, Varano said, because agencies typically rely on older public health data about fatal overdoses and don't know the prevalence of nonfatal overdoses and because it gives them a quick way to communicate about that data.
"This is really a death prevention project," Varano said. "That sounds like hyperbole, but when someone overdoses today and they're not in treatment, their chances of dying in the next month are exponentially greater. So how do we understand that and play a role so they don't die?"
It works like this: When a department is called to an overdose, it's recorded in the system. The system then alerts the department to do a follow-up outreach visit. If the victim is from a neighboring community, that police department is notified.
The 27 police departments in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, are using it. They have all agreed that within 24 hours of a nonfatal overdose, a non-uniformed officer and recovery coach will go to the person's house to discuss treatment and offer resources to their family.
"We know people suffering from the crisis don't just overdose in their town," said East Bridgewater Police Chief Scott Allen. "And if we're not sharing that information in real time, we're missing opportunities to get people into treatment."
Given the skyrocketing number of overdoses, Allen said the departments had no choice but to figure out what they could do to help people. He stressed that the visits serve to offer people access to treatment and services they may not know about, and they won't be prosecuted for possession because of the state's Good Samaritan law.
More than 1,000 people have overdosed in the county so far this year, Allen added. He said he's looking at the data for increases because that could indicate that more people are using fentanyl, a powerful synthetic opioid.
Allen is also speaking with police departments in other parts of the country interested in the new database. Allen and Plymouth Police Chief Michael Botieri brought police chiefs together to implement the system in their county.
President Donald Trump said last week that he will officially declare the opioid crisis a "national emergency," and he pledged to ramp up government efforts to combat the epidemic.
More than 33,000 people died from drug overdoses involving opioids nationwide in 2015, and preliminary data for the first three quarters of 2016 indicate that the drug overdose death rate is still increasing, according to the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy.
By the most obvious metrics, the conflict in Afghanistan has seen a spike in violence during the past two weeks, already half a year after President Trump declared his “fight and win” strategy for America's longest war.
In Kabul, Taliban insurgents laced an ambulance with explosives, killing more than 100 people at the gate of the Interior Ministry complex on Jan. 27. Taliban gunmen also besieged the Intercontinental hotel, killing more than 20 on Jan. 20.
And jihadists of the so-called Islamic State, not to be outdone, claimed responsibility for attacking the offices of Save the Children in Jalalabad, east of Kabul, killing four staff members. In Kabul, ISIS militants attacked an army post near a military academy, killing 11 on Jan. 29.
Recommended: How well do you know Afghanistan? Take our quiz.
Yet even as Afghans coped with the headline-grabbing carnage, official metrics of the state of the war that once were public – insurgent control of territory, for example, and Afghan troop strength and casualty numbers – are no longer being published by the US military.
Analysts say there is no doubt that the Taliban are making steady gains across the country at the expense of embattled, US- and NATO-backed Afghan government forces. And a BBC investigation this week found that the Taliban now “threatens” 70 percent of the country, a level higher than defined by previous US military reporting.
But the lack of updated US data – noted disparagingly by the US government's watchdog, the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR), in its latest quarterly report on Jan. 30 – raises questions about why the figures are being hidden now.
The increased opacity comes after Mr. Trump last summer ordered several thousand more US troops to Afghanistan, raising the total level to some 14,000, on a mission to secure “victory.” Airstrikes have been ramped up to the highest level since 2010.
“Of course it's a cover-up. What else can it be, when you hide figures? The thing is, it is not going well,” says Thomas Ruttig, a co-director of the Kabul-based Afghanistan Analysts Network (AAN) with decades of experience in Afghanistan.
“There are millions and millions [of dollars] thrown out for what they call ‘public diplomacy' and ‘narrative building,' or whatever, and no one except themselves is believing in it,” says Mr. Ruttig, speaking from Berlin.
The war is “definitely not ended or even helped toward that end, by playing these nontransparent games with the numbers and the facts,” says Ruttig. All the five trends he monitors – from security incidents and territorial control to Afghan force casualties – have grown worse since 2015, and many are at record levels.
“It means the conflict has become more violent, more brutal, and more widespread,” adds Ruttig. “It also would be good, vis-à-vis voters and taxpayers, if those figures remained in the public sphere so we can make our own assessment of how our governments are doing.”
Such an assessment has been made more difficult by an increasing scarcity of official figures about the Afghanistan war. In what it called a “development troubling for a number of reasons,” SIGAR, which was established by Congress in 2008, reported that it was the first time it had been “specifically instructed not to release information marked ‘unclassified' to the American taxpayer.”
That unclassified data was “one of the last remaining publicly available indicators” on how the war is faring, SIGAR wrote, noting that the fact the trend was negative for years “should cause even more concern about its disappearance from public disclosure and discussion.”
'THE ENEMY KNOWS WHAT THE SITUATION IS'
SIGAR also noted that last fall, for the first time since 2009, the Defense Department classified details about Afghan force strength, as well as key metrics such as Afghan force attrition and capabilities.
The missing figures indicate that, as of October, Taliban territorial control of districts grew by one point over the previous quarter to 14 percent, with 30 percent “contested” with the Afghan government, according to media reports. Likewise, areas of government “control or influence” dropped one point to 56 percent.
“The enemy knows what districts they control, the enemy knows what the situation is. The Afghan military knows what the situation is,” John Sopko, the Special Inspector General, told NPR this week. “The only people who don't know what's going on are the people who are paying for it, and that's the American taxpayer.”
If you're looking for a hotel with a funky, quirky and new vibe then we've covered. Nestled in KL city's sleepless Changkat Bukit Bintang, MOV Hotel opens its doors to urban and intrepid travelers seeking a design-conscious escape from the hectic city. Inspired by Kuala Lumpur's exhilarating vibe and fast-paced people, MOV celebrates movement in the many daily facets of work, play and sweat.
Located within the famous Bukit Bintang enclave in the heart of Kuala Lumpur it is just a few steps away from the city's iconic shopping street and vibrant restaurants, bars and nightlife scene. Redefining innovative lodging with its innovative design, signature amenities and unique style, MOV Hotel provides you an integrated contemporary lifestyle experience with 147 stylish guestrooms and 9 lofts that's perfect for a family vacation or couple's weekend getaway.
The hotel's interior is a stunning showcase of modern design with harmonious use of textures both hard and soft, rough and smooth. Gleaming light fixtures lends a sense of elegance next to contemporary furniture and furnishings that are both minimal and bold.
It's clever design of the 138 standard room maximizes the use of each area, giving a sense of space. All rooms are fitted with king-sized beds (and single beds in twin rooms) guaranteeing the perfect end to a day of action. Even when static, the room ‘moves' with you courtesy of colour changing lights their sexy curved showers.
The nine lofts feature four different designs – Top Entourage for families, Top Oasis for couples, a Loft designed with a sitting area and another designed for a romantic getaway with a bathtub and soft sexy lighting. The hotel's rooftop is a hub of activities and movement set against the stunning backdrop of the city.
The 700 sq ft gym is the second home for travelling fitness junkies. Available at the gym are iPad apps mirrored on the giant TV screen for guests to work out for guided weights, guided yoga and HIIT workouts. The sleek swimming pool is the place to head to for a refreshing dip or to catch a bit of sun before hitting the streets at night.
The Think Tank room gives guests a space to conduct meetings during their stay at MOV Hotel. But be warned this is no typical meeting room but with innovative seating – choose between gym balls, swings or designer chairs. Who says you can't work those glutes while tapping on the laptop?
Within the Lower Ground floor is Wurst Kuala Lumpur, an independent restaurant set to take the city's food scene by storm. Headed by Chef Logan, the restaurant serves its signature eight, gluten-free sausages alongside other tasty dishes to tantalize any taste buds. Wurst Kuala Lumpur is also the location for daily breakfasts by the hotel and go-to joint for drinks and snacks throughout the day.
MOV Hotel is the first and only hotel in Malaysia to offer 1Gigabyte internet speed within the building. All rooms have dedicated WIFI access points providing direct transmission of 100Mbps per room
For more information or to make reservations, visit www.movhotel.com . For updates and promotions, visit MOV Hotel's social media pages at :
Facebook : www.facebook.com/movhotel
Instagram : mov_hotel
Twitter : @movhotel
It was a long 45 minutes.
As USC's buses slithered through the Palouse countryside, crossing the Washington-Idaho border and traveling from Martin Stadium to the Lewiston Airport past midnight on Sept. 29, its players and coaches were left to digest defeat.
“There was not one word that was said,” Coach Clay Helton said.
The feeling remained unusual. A full calendar year had passed since the Trojans last suffered a loss. But a 30-27 upset at Washington State ended a 13-game winning streak.
Related Articles No. 14 USC vs. Oregon State: TV info, scouting report and prediction
How has USC quarterback Sam Darnold performed in season's first month? Three analysts weigh in
How USC outside linebacker Uchenna Nwosu breaks up passes
USC Podcast: Tirebiter ‘bits – What to make of Trojans after first loss of season?
Wolf: 10 things USC needs to fix against Oregon State “You forget how it is to lose,” senior outside linebacker Uchenna Nwosu said. “That loss kind of hurt us.”
It was their longest winning streak since winning 34 games in a row under Pete Carroll more than a decade ago. It was also only their second loss with Sam Darnold entrenched as their starting quarterback.
When Darnold took over for Max Browne in week four of last season, USC dropped his first start at Utah, then won every game since, until journeying to Washington State.
“Every loss to me feels the same to me,” Darnold said. “It's a terrible feeling. And one that I don't want to feel ever again. All of our teammates and all of our coaches don't want to feel it ever again. We're working twice as hard now to remain undefeated the rest of the season.”
Eight days later, the Trojans, who dropped to 4-1 overall after falling to the Cougars, look to bounce back and keep alive their College Football Playoff hopes, as they host hapless Oregon State on Saturday afternoon. The Trojans have dealt with a rash of injuries, but the Beavers remain winless in their four games against FBS teams, outscored 200-71.
WHEN USC HAS THE BALL
Against Washington State, USC was held to 327 total yards, its lowest offensive output since a drubbing at the hands of Alabama to open last season.
Part of its struggles stemmed from injuries, with three starting offensive linemen sidelined.
Not all of them are slated to return.
Right guard Viane Talamaivao is out for the season because of a torn pectoral muscle, while right tackle Chuma Edoga is not expected to suit up against the Beavers because of a high ankle sprain.
That likely leaves two true freshmen starting on the right side of the offensive line, with Andrew Vorhees taking over for Talamaivao and Austin Jackson filling in for Edoga.
The Trojans should be aided by the return of Toa Lobendahn, their starting left tackle who was out for Washington State while hospitalized with a skin infection, and Steven Mitchell, a dependable senior receiver who had missed the past two games with a groin injury.
They could help a passing game that has recently sagged, bolstering a support cast around Darnold.
In road games at Washington State and Cal, Darnold averaged 5.8 yards per pass attempt. For a comparison, he has averaged 8.3 yards per attempt over his college career.
Oregon State has allowed 490 yards per game, ranking No. 121 in the nation in total defense, and 46 points per game, ranking No. 128 in scoring defense.
But the Beavers did slow down Washington in the first half last week. Before the game snowballed into a 42-7 loss, they held the Huskies to one touchdown in the first half and trailed 7-0 at halftime.
“They definitely showed up,” Helton said.
In recent weeks, Helton thinks Oregon State has stacked more defenders in the box, moving them closer to the line of scrimmage.
WHEN OREGON STATE HAS THE BALL
Injuries have also hampered Oregon State's offense.
Starting quarterback Jake Luton suffered a thoracic spine fracture in the fourth quarter of a mid-September loss at Washington State, sidelining him indefinitely.
Darell Garretson, a senior, took over against Washington last week.
Garretson started six games last season, but Luton, a transfer from Ventura College where he set single-season passing records, edged him and Marcus McMaryion for the starting job during training camp in August.
In his six starts in 2016, Garretson completed 50 percent of his passes for 617 yards with three touchdowns and four interceptions.
Junior Ryan Nall is Oregon State's top playmaker on offense, a bigger running back at 6-foot-2 and 237 pounds, but he is questionable because of an ankle injury. He was in a walking boot earlier this week after he was injured against the Huskies.
Nall has rushed for 341 yards and four touchdowns, averaging more than 5 yards per carry.
Still, despite the Beavers' September struggles, USC senior safety Chris Hawkins expects they might arrive with a certain edge.
“They're gonna be desperate to get a win, especially coming into the Coliseum,” Hawkins said. “USC is a lot of people's Super Bowl.”
While USC has seen some uneven recent performances from its offense, its defense has mostly been consistent.
Lately, it has been disruptive, totaling 13 sacks in the past three games, including five at Washington State, and forcing 11 turnovers.
A delighted Prithvi Shaw, who led the team to record fourth win in U-19 World Cup, was full of praises for coach Rahul Dravid and team members. Thanking the support staff, Shaw said he had no words to describe his happiness. India clinched the U-19 World Trophy for a record fourth time by beating Australia by eight wickets in the summit clash on Saturday.
India U-19 cricket team's skipper Prithvi Shaw, who led the team to record 4th title win was all praises of coach Rahul Dravid in the post-match presentation ceremony. Shaw said he did not have words to describe his happiness and thanked the coach and supporting staff for enabling the team to achieve the feat. “I can't express what I'm feeling right now, I am really proud of it. All credit to our support staff for really supporting us for the last two years. Rahul Sir himself is a legend, the Wall we call him,” the winning captain said.
Shaw also heaped praises on Manjot Kalra who was adjudged Man of the Match for his crucial century as well as pacers Kamlesh and Mavi. “It was a crucial hundred from Manjot. Gill was batting so well. Both pacers, Kamlesh and Mavi, have been executing things so well through the tournament. It's been wonderful playing matches here,” he said.
Meanwhile, the Board of Cricket Control for India (BCCI) has announced cash rewards for the winning team, coach and support staff. India's U-19 coach, Rahul Dravid, who played a pivotal role in the victory, and is being hailed by everyone would be given Rs 50 lakh. All the team members would be getting Rs 30 lakh each, while the support staff would be awarded Rs 20 lakh each by the board.
Earlier in the day, India clinched the U-19 World Trophy for a record fourth time by beating Australia by eight wickets in the summit clash.
Are you ready to shop, eat, listen to good music, and play the Fourth away? Well get ready, as 7-Eleven and Millet Insulation Co. bring the 17th Annual Funtastic Fourth to Downtown Big Spring. The block party is scheduled for June 29 and 30.
"There will be a huge variety of vendors that will have different foods, crafts, an old fashion soda fountain, children's novetly toy vendors, and much more for the Funtastic Fourth guests to enjoy," said Christy Brorman, President of the Downtown Revitalization Assocation. "With the help of 7-Eleven, there will even be a hot dog eating contest on Friday."
According to Brorman, in addition to Friday having a hot dog eating contest, Friday is also Rock Night at the Funtastic Fouth.
"There will be performances by the talented Skid Row, Buzz Kill and Loud Finger," said Brorman. "Then Saturday is Country Night, with musical country performances by Eric Paslay, William Michael Morgan, Mark McKinney, Spur 327, and Brandon Ray."
This year, there will be a $5 dollar admittance for the Funtastic Fourth. Children 12 and under will be able to get in free.
For the full story, please see Tuesday's edition of the Herald.
This is an update of a story originally published on November 22, 2015
Whether it's to help pay tuition, rent or for everyday expenses, a part-time job is a necessity for many students. While firing off an application to the first ad you see on Craigslist could prove fruitful, we've done some research to figure out which employers offer you more than just minimum wage. After all, not all part-time jobs are created equal.
Some companies extend benefits to part-timers, including tuition reimbursement, health and dental coverage, flexible schedules, stocks at a discount and, of course, employee discounts.
Students will have the most luck finding benefits at retail jobs, because weekend and evening mall hours are attractive to those who typically have few responsibilities after finishing class for the day, says Nathan Laurie, publisher of JobPostings.ca.
It may seem odd that big retailers are willing to spend money for benefits on student employees, who usually plan to move on after a few months or years on the job. The reasoning is employers hope to create a work environment that not only attracts students, but retains them, says Tanya Sieliakus, a Halifax-based human resources expert.
“They want that employee to graduate and stay,” she says. “If you've got somebody and they've grown up with the company, that's the ideal. They know the good, the bad, the ugly of your organization.”
Working for an hourly minimum wage could lead to a managerial or office job for students who stick around. The part-time perks just might be an incentive to climb the ladder.
Corporate benefits
Schlepping coffee at a café may feel more authentic than working at the Starbucks across the street, but joining the corporate conglomerate has its benefits. The java giant has 1,200 locations across Canada and is a prime employer for students in university and college looking for flexible schedules. According to company spokesperson Carly Suppa, about 70 per cent of store employees are between the ages of 18 and 24.
Coffee may be the ideal workplace freebie for sleep-deprived students, but the corporation doesn't shy away from providing other benefits. After working one year, part-time baristas can receive a tuition reimbursement between $500 and $1,000, depending on how many months and paid hours they've worked.
There are plenty of other corporate kings who are kind to their students. Home Depot offers tuition reimbursement after six months of continuous service; those with more than three years of service can get up to $5,000. Another employer to keep on the job-hunt radar is Cineplex Entertainment, which also offers tuition assistance, along with flexible hours and of course, free movies.
Sharing economy
From picking up odd jobs to toting around passengers, the sharing economy allows students to make extra money when it's most convenient for them.
Students can find odd jobs on AskForTask.com, which connects taskmasters with job seekers who can get the work done for up to $30 an hour.
And if you own a car, you can always sign up to be an Uber driver, like Osman Yusoof, who has been driving for the car service since early 2015. The 24-year-old University of Ottawa computer engineering student ferries passengers around town for six to 10 hours a week and makes up to $200 a week.
“For students, you have classes at different times on different days, so [with Uber] you can really choose your own hours,” says Yusoof. He drives whenever he has some free time and needs to make extra spending money. “I like to splurge once in a while and I use my Uber money to do that.”
The ride-sharing service has gained popularity on campuses as an affordable alternative for party-goers trying to get home after pub nights and house jams. While Yusoof has worked between the peak hours of 1 a.m. and 2 a.m., he usually sticks to evening rush hour. Those above the age of 21 looking to profit from their vehicles need to sign up and undergo background checks. After that, students can play chauffeur whenever they want and receive a monthly paycheque from Uber.
A Tennessee judge issued a $20 million bond Wednesday for the ex-wife of former NBA player Lorenzen Wright in his shooting death nearly eight years ago.
Shelby County Criminal Court Judge Lee Coffee said his decision to give Sherra Wright such a high bond was partly driven by her bad behavior while being held at a women's jail on murder and attempted murder charges in her ex-husband's slaying.
Lorenzen Wright played for 13 seasons as a forward and center in the NBA, including several for the Grizzlies in Memphis, where he was born and raised.
His decomposing, bullet-riddled body was found in a swampy field in suburban Memphis on July 28, 2010 — 10 days after the 34-year-old was reported missing. In an affidavit read in court by prosecutor Paul Hagerman, witnesses said she masterminded a plan to have two men kill Lorenzen Wright at his home in Atlanta, but that attempt failed.
Authorities said she and Billy Turner then conspired to kill him in Memphis, and they dumped one of the guns used in the shooting in a Mississippi lake. One witness cited in the affidavit said Sherra Wright identified the spot where her ex-husband's body would be found, days before it was discovered.
Turner also has been charged with murder and attempted murder. He is being held on $15 million bond. Both have pleaded not guilty.
Sherra Wright received $1 million from her ex-husband's life insurance policy. She was arrested in December in California, where she had lived for three years after moving away from Memphis.
Her lawyer Blake Ballin argued the 47-year-old is indigent, has no serious crimes on her record and has strong ties to the community in asking for a $100,000 bond. Ballin said Wright would live with her brother in Shelby County if she were to be released on bond.
"Mrs. Wright has no criminal history of a violent nature," Ballin said.
Coffee noted her family connections but gave more weight to her repeated instances of unruly behavior in jail. Hagerman cited six instances where she was written up by jail guards, including three the day before her bond hearing.
On Tuesday, Wright was caught passing items to another inmate, Hagerman said. Later, she allegedly took off her clothes, flooded her jail cell and verbally insulted and threatened jail guards with language Coffee called abusive and offensive.
While flooding her cell, Wright said she was "going swimming," an indication of her troubled mental state, Coffee said. The judge called Wright's actions the day before her bond hearing "absolutely shocking and mind numbing" and said she presents a danger to the community.
"I cannot trust her," Coffee said.
Wright shook her head repeatedly during Coffee's lecture, during which he also said there is a "reasonable likelihood of conviction" in the case.
As she was leaving the courtroom with court officers, Wright addressed the judge.
"Thank you, your honor," she said.
Wright faces up to life in prison plus 50 years if convicted on charges of first-degree murder, conspiracy to commit first-degree murder and attempted first-degree murder.
Super Bowl prepares for freezing cold temperatures ABC News' Eva Pilgrim reports from Minnesota on how Super Bowl officials and fans are preparing for what could be the coldest Super Bowl in history.
Company to use viewers' social media posts in Super Bowl ad Kraft is searching for "family-generated content" during the Super Bowl to add to its commercial that will air in the second half of the game.
Check out the most expensive Super Bowl party Check out a few of the items that go into a $152,000 Super Bowl party, as the co-owner of Manhattan's Old Homestead Steakhouse visits ABC News.
Excelitas Technologies celebrates 20 years of operation of its atomic clocks on GPS-IIR satellites
(11 August 2017 - Excelitas Technologies)
After finally denouncing Nazis/white supremacists days after his first public comments on last weekend's violence in Charlottesville, President Trump got back to doing what he loves: Signing paper, talking about how great the economy is, and trashing CNN reporter Jim Acosta. Trump took a couple questions from the TV pool reporter, which coincidentally happened to be Acosta, and it was about Trump's initial comments. Since Acosta was the day's designated TV pool reporter, Trump had no real chance to avoid one of his preferred media targets.
“Mr. President, can you explain why you did not condemn those hate groups by name over the weekend?” Acosta asked.
“They've been condemned,” Trump replied. “They have been condemned.”
“And why are not having a press conference today, you said on Friday you had a press conference..” Acosta continued.
“We had a press conference, we just had a press conference,” Trump said, possibly referring to the day's early on-camera appearance by Trump where he read prepared remarks about Charlottesville.
“Can we ask you some more questions then, sir?” Acosta asked.
“It doesn't bother me at all,” Trump declared. “But I like real news, not fake news. You're fake news,” Trump said while pointing at Acosta.
Trump then said thank you to everyone else before turning and slowly exiting the room.
“Mr. President, haven't you spread a lot of fake news yourself, sir?” Acosta asked to no response as Trump was already at the doorway.
The paper signed by Trump is a memo authorizing someone to investigate whether China has stolen U.S. intellectual property. Trump added, “This is just the beginning” while talking about the memo, which likely is the first of many steps the administration will take to pressure China on North Korea.
(Via CNN)
OTTAWA — The federal government sees Ontario's cancellation of its cap and trade program as equivalent to withdrawing from the national climate change framework — and is reconsidering more than $400 million in funding as a result.
A spokeswoman for Environment Minister Catherine McKenna says the $420 million earmarked for Ontario under the Low Carbon Economy Leadership Fund is under review, since funding is contingent on agreeing to the framework, which includes imposing a carbon price.
Newly elected Ontario Premier Doug Ford has rescinded the previous Liberal government's regulation that established the cap and trade program in 2017.
That has prompted Canada to immediately hit the brakes on Ontario's portion of the $1.4-billion climate change fund.
A consumer advocate group has issued a warning about New Leaf Travel, a low-cost airline based in Winnipeg. The discount carrier flies out of eleven mid-sized Canadian cities, including Hamilton, but it continues to run into problems.
WBFO Canada correspondent Dan Karpenchuk reports
The warning comes from the Consumers Association of Canada over issues with New Leaf Travel and Flair Airlines. The two work together—Flair provides the planes and New Leaf sells the seats.
The Consumers Association says many Canadians have been forced to deal with arbitrary cancellations and changes that have affected thousands of travelers who purchased tickets.
New Leaf says there has been no contact with the consumers group and says the alert is just their opinion. It does admit to the cancellation of some service in January, but adds that consumers received a full refund.
Bruce Cran, with the Consumers Association, says in recent weeks, New Leaf has canceled about 3,000 international flights and more than 1,000 in Canada.
"We're saying to people, 'Look, know the risks. If you want to buy the $99 ticket, go ahead. But you are at risk with an airline that's prepared to cancel flights wholesale in the manner that they have,'" Cran said.
Cran says refunds don't cover the real costs of replacing a holiday at a bargain price because people have already paid, booked the time off from work and budgeted for their vacation.
New Leaf launched last year, offering one-way fares as low as $89 between Canadian mid-sized airports. The aim was to take some of the business away from American border airports like Buffalo and the growing number of Canadians who use them.
Wainfleet's participation in mutual aid response will be discussed during a presentation by Ontario's Office of the Fire Marshal at council Tuesday.
The presentation will outline what the township and its fire service have to do to obtain compliance with the minimum conditions for participation in the province's mutual aid program. Mutual aid is when a municipality requests or provides aid to another municipality during an emergency situation, whether it be a fire or something else.
A letter provided to council outlines a number of concerns in relation to Wainfleet Fire and Emergency Services and action items and timelines to address each.
Some of the concerns revolve around lack of incident management and incident command systems. The Fire Marshal's Office says the items can take care by providing training courses to firefighters.
It says the township can explore training opportunities with neighbouring fire services, even suggesting fire operations training at Fort Erie Fire and Emergency Services' fire training.
In the letter, it says the township must “further analyze firefighter staffing at incident scenes with supplementary consideration of the development of initial fire attack teams, rapid intervention teams and fire growth.”
“Until such time that staff are trained in rapid intervention teams and fire growth and other firefighter safety principals, the municipality should not conduct any interior operations, unless they have secured agreements, or have fully trained their staff in order to safely perform those operations.
“If the municipality is currently unable to provide those levels of service due to gaps in required training, than a public information campaign should be delivered to inform the residents that until such time as the training is completed there will be no expected rescue in their jurisdiction/municipality,” the report says.
Anthony Michael Hall visited Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen and played a Brat Pack version of the game Plead the Fifth. And unlike most people who play Plead the Fifth, Hall never pled the fifth, instead answering every question — and of course Cohen asked the questions you'd expect Cohen to ask.
Judd Nelson, Emilio Estevez, Ally Sheedy, Molly Ringwald and Anthony Michael Hall of The Breakfast Club, 1985. (Photo: ©Universal Pictures/Courtesy Everett Collection) More
Cohen asked Hall which of the Brat Pack members got the most action back in the day. The obvious answer would be Rob Lowe or Charlie Sheen. Their love lives were well known — but Hall's answer wasn't either of their names. Hall said Judd Nelson had the most active love life, which actually makes sense. He was the bad boy in The Breakfast Club, one of the biggest movies of the decade.
Asked what Brat Pack movie was overrated, Hall chose one that he's not in. He said that looking back, St. Elmo's Fire was overrated.
And, naturally, Cohen had to play Marry, Shag, Kill with Hall, with Hall given the choices of Demi Moore, Ally Sheedy, and Molly Ringwald.
Without giving away all the information, after making his first two choices, Hall said, “I love you, Molly, but I'd have to kill you.”
Watch Tom Cruise reveal the title of and other details about the Top Gun sequel:
Read more from Yahoo Movies:
Tell us what you think! Hit us up on Twitter, Facebook, or Instagram, or leave your comments below. And check out our host, Khail Anonymous, on Twitter.
In the Alabama Republican Senate race, every candidate wants to be just like Donald Trump.
But in Tuesday's primary, the leading candidate sounds and acts more like the president, while it's the incumbent, an appointed senator just fighting to make it into a likely runoff, who has Trump's actual blessing — but also the curse of being Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's favorite candidate.
That's the conundrum of the Republican contest, largely seen as a three-way race between front-runner Roy Moore, a controversial former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice; Sen. Luther Strange, appointed back in February to fill the seat of now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions; and Rep. Mo Brooks, who's seized on an anti-McConnell platform as the president's attacks against the Senate's top Republican have intensified recently.
Moore has consistently polled atop the field, and looks likely to claim a spot in a probable September runoff. His ads sound downright Trumpian, promising to "drain the swamp" and taking a swipe at D.C. elites.
Moore is well-known throughout the state — and the country — too. He first gained national notoriety when he refused to remove a monument of the Ten Commandments from a state judicial building despite a federal court order; Moore himself was then removed from his position as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court in 2003. He won election to the same post again in 2012, but was then suspended after he ordered judges to enforce the state's ban on same-sex marriage despite the Supreme Court's 2015 decision in favor of gay marriage nationwide under the federal Constitution. He resigned earlier this year to challenge Strange.
To state observers, it's not surprising that Moore has been able to build a strong following and even expand beyond what might be his typical conservative base in the state.
"Alabama voters supported Trump because he spoke his mind and said all the things they had been thinking about government," said Brent Buchanan, a GOP strategist and pollster in the state. "Out of all the candidates, Roy Moore has some of those similar characteristics. You may not agree with all of his policy or personal preferences, but you know that Roy Moore is going to do what Roy Moore believes."
That's why it was so, well, strange last week when Trump tweeted out his support for Strange, saying the incumbent has his "complete and total endorsement!"
The senator has benefited from millions of dollars in ads from the McConnell-aligned Senate Leadership Fund super PAC. The very next day after endorsing Strange, Trump started going on Twitter tirades against the GOP Senate leader for failing to pass a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
Strange has tried to prove his loyalty to the president ever since he was appointed under less than auspicious circumstances. As Alabama's attorney general, Strange was investigating then-Gov. Robert Bentley for misuse of his office amid a sex scandal when Bentley chose Strange to replace Sessions. Facing impeachment, Bentley eventually resigned, and the new governor, Kay Ivey, moved up the date for the special election to replace Sessions long-term.
Polling done in the wake of Trump's surprise endorsement showed that the president's blessing had done little — yet — to move the needle toward Strange. One by cygnal, Buchanan's firm, conducted partly after the endorsement, showed Moore still with a lead and high favorables, Strange remained static and it was Brooks who took a hit.
Buchanan said the Trump endorsement could help Strange turn out some who were less likely to vote on Tuesday, which could be key in what's already expected to be a very low-turnout affair.
And the pro-Trump America First Action super PAC also announced late Friday it would be spending up to $200,000 on digital ads targeting Trump voters to encourage them to come out for Strange.
However, although he's slipping in polling, Brooks is hoping to turn McConnell's fervent support for Strange into a last-ditch way to get into the likely runoff against Moore. He's hitched a "Ditch Mitch" banner to his campaign bus in the final days, and in his closing ad he echoes Trump's frustration with McConnell's inability to push through an Obamacare repeal.
"McConnell and Strange are weak, but together we can be strong," Brooks says. "Mr. President, isn't it time we tell McConnell and Strange, 'You're fired?'"
Ultimately, the Huntsville-area congressman hasn't had the resources the other two candidates have had, and he hasn't been elected statewide before like Moore and Strange. And, perhaps most damaging, he was certainly no fan of Trump during the GOP presidential primaries last year, during which he supported Texas Sen. Ted Cruz. McConnell's super PAC has pointed that out in ads, saying Brooks sided with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass.
If Strange does fall short of the runoff, University of Alabama political science professor emeritus William Stewart, a longtime political observer in the state, said that's a big problem for McConnell. And, if Strange does make it to the likely September runoff, expect that to be a big point Moore can use against Strange, too.
"The McConnell support for Strange will not be helpful because McConnell, as the president says, hasn't been successful at pushing through the president's agenda, " Stewart said. "If Strange doesn't make the runoff, that's a definite blow to McConnell," more so than Trump.
Polling shows Moore is still the favorite against Strange in a runoff, and that's where the McConnell ties could be the most deadly — and place the president in a more precarious spot given his surprising endorsement. Stewart said it would be interesting to watch how much Trump puts his muscle behind Strange later, and something like traveling to Alabama — one of Trump's best states in 2016 — for a rally on the senator's behalf would certainly give Strange a boost.
No matter who wins the GOP nomination though, they'll be the heavy favorite in the December general election, even if it's the more controversial Moore. Democrats are expected to nominate Doug Jones, a former U.S. attorney, though he could face a runoff against the aptly-named Robert Kennedy Jr., a Naval veteran who is not related to the famous Democratic political family.
If Moore is the GOP nominee, it will be interesting to watch whether the Democrats can make it even a mildly competitive contest — something Stewart, the former University of Alabama professor, said is doubtful, and is emblematic of the problems the party faces overall in the South.
"Right now the Democratic Party is very impotent here," Stewart said. "I think whomever the Republicans choose as their nominee will be the winner."
When you buy a bottle of wine at La Vite Turchese in Barolo, a village surrounded by vineyard-lined hills, the cashier often grabs a corkscrew and two glasses instead of wrapping it in a bag. In this wine shop, where metal shelves are stacked to the ceiling with mostly Italian wines, there are also unfussy tables and chairs and a couple of couches around a wood coffee table. I planned a visit to this wine shop, not just to browse and buy, but for lunch.
La Vite Turchese is both a wine shop and a wine bar, a hybrid that is increasingly redefining how to drink wine in Piemonte. This prestigious wine region in northern Italy is well known for its lovely white tablecloth, sometimes stuffy Michelin-rated restaurants with extensive wine cellars (at often eye-watering prices). But what about when you just crave a special glass of wine and a snack, not a five-course meal?
In what feels like a generational shift, the wine-drinking scene in Piemonte has taken a significant turn. Formal restaurants are no longer the only place to find a wide selection of notable local wines. Wine shops with a handful of tables — informal places that locals frequent for lunch or a bite before a late dinner — now have shelves that are packed with the region's best wines at retail prices, not the pronounced markup found in many restaurants.
These informal hybrid shops felt fresh and exciting on a recent visit to the region in comparison to some of the well-known restaurants. The hybrids tend to have a youthful vibe in their atmosphere, music and knowledgeable staff, which can assist in narrowing down the vast options. There are often bottles uncorked for sampling before purchase, perhaps alongside a board piled high with local cheese and prosciutto.
Doctors Without Borders is warning of a worsening situation in the Yemeni city of Taiz, where hospitals have been repeatedly attacked and where some 200,000 people are facing shortages of food, water and medicine.
Djoen Besselink, the head of the aid group's Yemen mission, told reporters in Jordan on Monday that attacks on hospitals, ambulances and medical staff had severely limited the group's activities in the city, which has been partially besieged by Houthi rebels since April 2015.
Besselink, who visited Taiz last month, said he's "never seen such destruction" at the four hospitals his group supports. He says "there's not a single room without bullet holes, the windows are gone, there's no more equipment. It's total failure."
He says the four hospitals treated over 10,000 people in 2016.
Photo
As Dell Technologies publicly confirmed that it was exploring a number of potential transactions — ranging from an initial public offering to a combination with VMware, of which it owns 80 percent — much of the media coverage has focused on why it's doing so.
One theory has been the company's debt, of which there is a lot (particularly after its $67 billion takeover of data storage company EMC in 2016). A combination with VMware could help provide a way for Dell to manage its balance sheet, through both additional earnings power and the ability to raise money through stock sales.
But a closer look at Dell's financials suggests that the company doesn't have to strike a deal solely to manage its debt.
Diving In
Dell has a total of roughly $52.5 billion in gross debt. But company executives have explained to debt investors that such a number doesn't factor in a number of mitigating circumstances:
■ About $4 billion of that is investment-grade long-term debt that sits at VMware.
■ About $6 billion is held by Dell Financial Services, which is backed by computer equipment and, Dell has argued, shouldn't be lumped in with general corporate bonds or loans.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
■ Then there's a $2 billion margin loan, which is backed by $8 billion worth of VMware stock.
That leaves us with what Dell internally calls $40.3 billion in net debt.
Barbara Lawlor, Nederland. No stringent smell of fresh cut pine. No clean spray of chips forming mulch.
The chipper chute shot out chunks of blackened slash and branches, but the property owners were grateful to have the charred piles churned into spreadable chips.
Last October Team Rubicon, a crew of veterans who travel to burned areas and help clean devastated property, cut down the burned trees on three parcels of land hit by the Cold Springs Fire in July. The team cleaned up as much of the ugly, blackened forest as they could and when they left, they promised to come back and chip the black trees.
Last Saturday, July 29, 2017, 35 volunteers showed up to keep that promise, bringing a chipper, a bunch of chain saws, willing hearts and hard-working hands.
Jordon Daniel, the state operations coordinator said they were limbin' and buckin' and using the hired chipper to make the burned areas safer and healthier. As they turned up the blackened duff and hauled the slash, the odor of charred wood spread over the area. Although the burn debris had been snowed on and rinsed off over the winter, the smell was still prevalent, a constant reminder of the fire that swept over Cold Springs, Hummer Drive, Sherwood Drive and Ridge Road, destroying eight homes.
Although Lester's Karplus's home was not destroyed, his 29 acres of forested land has become a landscape of black and red skeleton trees and tarred earth. He stood on a hill overlooking his once upon a time forest and said, “Now I will have a pasture, and an apple and plum orchard.” All with a remarkable view of the burned area of Ridge Road.
Rubicon team members then hauled the chipper over to Richard Lampright's property on Ridge Road.
His father built the house that burned to the ground. He was staying in the trailer amidst the devastated forest, nothing left of the house and much of the land leveled. The Rubicon crew had started chipping last October after felling a bunch of trees.
The Lamprights, after much research and soul-searching, have decided they are not going to rebuild.
“At $300 a square foot on decimated land, we just can't afford to do it. If I was 40 years old I'd do it, but now, the land would devalue the house. We are pleased with the green we see coming up, but it still smells like smoke and there are black trees everywhere. We will wait a year and see what it would take.”
Dirt has filled in the area where the house debris has been removed. The Rubicon team picked up the logs and branches and slash and fed it into the chipper, helping to clean the landscape. Richard says that maybe his grandchildren will want to do something with the property someday but he doesn't know if he can pay the taxes that Boulder County is levying on vacant property.
In the meantime, he is spending some time this summer living in a trailer, grateful for the assistance from the Rubicon team strangers who have made dealing with the loss easier.
Team Rubicon had its start on January 12, 2010, when an earthquake in Port-Au-Prince killed hundreds of thousands of people and left one million homeless. Two marines knew they could help and with six other veterans they raised money, gathered medical supplies, flew into the Dominican Republic, rented a truck, filled it with essential rescue equipment and drove to Haiti. When they crossed the river border between Haiti and Dominican, they crossed their “rubicon,” which means to do something that you cannot later change and will strongly influence future events; an act of winning a game against an opponent.
This original group treated thousands of patients in camps that were said to be too dangerous for other organizations. Since then, veterans have responded to thousands of disaster areas, including wild land fire devastation in the Denver area, to give assistance. They say they get as much as they give, especially the opportunity to work with other veterans who are compassionate and understanding of each other's circumstances.
The Team Rubicon motto is “Disasters are our business. Veterans are our passion.”
(Originally published in the August 3, 2017 print edition of The Mountain-Ear.)
The Department of Science and Technology (DOST) is pushing for the creation of a national space agency that will consolidate all space-related research and development ventures of various government agencies and boost the country's capability to become a space technology hub in Southeast Asia.
Science Secretary Fortunato dela Peña said space technology was a multisectoral concern in the country that now requires a centralized organization to address needs in national security and development, disaster mitigation, hazard management and climate studies.
He also hoped that the establishment of the Philippine Space Agency would be among the priority bills this year.
ADVERTISEMENT
“When you deal with this space technology… it is not only DOST. There's the agriculture angle, resources angle, settlements and human resource angles. So it will require some kind of national agency,” Dela Peña said in a recent interview.
He also noted that establishing a central office for space technology-related undertakings was one way of catching up with neighboring countries that have long invested in the space industry.
“I think it's high time that we have a space agency because, let us put it this way, we don't want to be left out by other countries that are ahead,” he said.
Early last year, the country launched its very own eye in the sky, deploying its first locally built microsatellite Diwata-1 into orbit to provide essential data on weather systems, environmental monitoring and disaster risk management.
Science Undersecretary Rowena Guevara said the department was urging lawmakers to have a bill approved for the creation of a space agency as part of its vision to pursue a national space development program for the next 10 years.
“We assure you that space technology is very useful to our country,” Guevara said.
The DOST official was referring to three bills filed in the Senate and Congress—Senate Bill No. 1211 filed by Sen. Bam Aquino; House Bill No. 3637 by Representatives Seth Frederick Jalosjos and Erico Aumentado; and Albay Rep. Joey Salceda's House Bill No. 4367.
Astrophysicist Rogel Mari Sese said among the benefits of having an institutionalized space agency was cutting duplication of resources and programs, which in effect will help government save billions in funds.
“Even though we don't have a national space agency, we are doing a lot of space-related activities. It is distributed over several agencies that sometimes they don't talk to each other,” said Sese, the focal person for the DOST-Science Education Institute's Philippine Space Education Program.
He also said a national space agency would help centralize all resources, especially for the need of satellite imageries. “We just need to purchase it once and it is open to all government agencies that want to access it,” he said.
Under the current setup, procurement of satellite images is done per government agency that needs them. Sese said the government was spending about P3 billion every year on satellite imageries.
Marvel
In 2019, we will finally get a cinematic version of Captain Marvel, with Brie Larson playing Carol Danvers. The Danvers version of Captain Marvel has always been the much more interesting version of that character, but there was a Captain Marvel before Danvers (well, technically, there were a few but this is getting too complicated already). The original Marvel version of Captain Marvel was a Kree named Mar-Vell who went through a few iterations during the late ‘60s and ‘70s before finally being killed off in the early ‘80s. (Then he was brought back again, but not really. Ah, comics.)
Anyway, the original Captain Marvel has his fans, but it's safe to say he never truly became a mainstream Marvel character. (I've tried to read some of these older comics and, yes, they can be a little, let's say, dry.) But kind of tucked away in all the exciting Captain Marvel movie news is the fact that Jude Law will be portraying Mar-Vall in next year's film.
Ahead of the release of Avengers: Infinity War, we spoke to Marvel Studio head Kevin Feige about Mar-Vell's presence in the 1990s set film and what his role will look like. And even to Feige, like a lot of comic book fans, the original Captain Marvel is still kind of a mystery.
“I knew some about him,” says Feige, “but it was definitely Carol Danvers who was most interesting to us and why we choose her.”
But, as Feige says, Mar-Vell will play a role when it comes to Carol Danvers' origin story. But don't expect it to be exactly like it went in the comic books.
Feige continues, “But as that character connects to the origin of Carol Danvers' Captain Marvel? We're pulling from some of that for inspiration.”
So, if you happen to be one of the few but dedicated Mar-Vell fans out there, well, you're in luck. He will play a role in Carol Danvers' origin, but, thankfully for the rest of us, this is Carol Danvers' story.
You can contact Mike Ryan directly on Twitter.
Say this about Marc Bergevin: By ripping the guts out of his Montreal Canadiens, he's showing plenty of them himself.
But does being bold — at least in the past year — necessarily equate to making the smartest moves?
We're about to find out.
Consider this.
In less than eight months, Bergevin has made two huge moves.
First, he traded away P.K. Subban, a former Norris Trophy winner who was embraced by the community for, among other things, pledging to donate $10 million to the Montreal Childrens Hospital.
Then on Tuesday he fired coach Michel Therrien, who is said to have supported the Subban deal in order to change the culture inside the Habs dressing room, and replaced him with former Boston Bruins coach Claude Julien who, like Therrien, will be behind the Montreal bench for a second stint.
These are the type of storylines you'd expect to find in the pages of a Hollywood script. Instead, they are being authored out of the Montreal office of a general manager who now has the spotlight squarely on his shoulders.
No longer can Subban's huge personality be blamed for the Habs' shortcomings. Nor can disgruntled fans point to Therrien's conservative ways as the reason for the team not reaching its potential.
This is now on Bergevin.
Sink or swim. No more excuses.
Admittedly, the savvy Bergevin could not have predicted that all-world goalie Carey Price would be mired in a slump, one that is reflected in a Canadiens swoon that has seen them lose six of their past seven games.
Nevertheless, when you pull the trigger on the type of franchise-altering decisions that significantly move the seismic needle of the NHL landscape such as these two have, the statement you are making is clear: The window to win is now.
As such, Bergevin becomes the man on the hottest seat in all of La Belle Province, even with his team still on top of the Atlantic Division with 70 points. And, apparently, he knows it.
To that end, within a couple of hours of the Habs announcing the hiring of Julien, a number of NHL executives told Postmedia that they expect Bergevin to be quite active in the two weeks leading up to the March 1 trade deadline. Much of the speculation revolves around forwards Matt Duchene of the Colorado Avalanche and Martin Hanzal of the Arizona Coyotes, although the asking price for both is said to be quite steep.
How the final two months of the season play out — and what moves, if any, the Habs GM makes to augment his roster — could very well dictate what Bergevin's future holds with the Canadiens.
Of course, the players need to absorb part of the blame here, too.
During the summer of 2016, there were rumblings out of Montreal that the team's leadership core was growing tired of Subban's flamboyant ways and welcomed the leadership that Shea Weber was bringing from Nashville.
Then, on Tuesday, came speculation out of Habs Land that that same group of players perhaps had grown weary of Therrien's tactics and thirsted for change.
Are we to believe that Subban and Therrien were the sole reasons for the Canadiens underachieving? Of course not.
That leaves the question to be asked: Are the inmates running the asylum here?
And, to that end, at what point do the guys lacing up the blades become accountable?
Whether you agree with Bergevin's moves or not, he hasn't been shy in making waves. If they don't work, Bergevin might be the one waving goodbye.
Having said that, the fact that the Bruins dismissed Julien just eight days earlier likely accelerated Therrien's departure. The chance to scoop up a Stanley Cup-winning coach like Julien, who is familiar with the rigours of coaching the Canadiens, probably was too delicious an opportunity to ignore.
“Claude Julien is an experienced and well respected coach with a good knowledge of the Montreal market,” Bergevin said in a released statement. “Claude has been very successful as an NHL coach and he won the Stanley Cup. Today we hired the best available coach, and one of the league's best. I am convinced that he has the capabilities to get our team back on the winning track.”
Perhaps the most headscratching aspect of this coaching move involves the Bruins.
When Boston defeated the Canadiens 4-0 on Sunday, it marked Therrien's final game behind the Canadiens bench. In the wake of the loss, the Habs asked permission from the Bruins to talk to Julien.
Why would the Bruins even consider doing that?
Why, oh why, would you grant your most bitter historical rivals — the Canadiens — the opportunity to scoop up one of the most respected bench bosses in the game, a proud man who will want to crush you for firing him just one week earlier?
Sure, Bruins president Cam Neely hasn't seen eye to eye with Julien in the past dating back to 2010 when then-GM Peter Chiarelli refused the suggestion of upper management to fire the coach. Even so, allowing Julien, a man who certainly has an axe to grind with the Boston hierarchy, to go to your biggest enemy is a questionable decision.
Back in 2003, the Habs fired Therrien and replaced him with Julien. On Tuesday, history repeated itself.
“I came to the conclusion that our team needed a new energy, a new voice, a new direction,” Bergevin said.
If Bergevin's decisions don't work out, ownership one day might be seeking a “new direction” — one that doesn't include him.
TEAMS TREADING WATER IN ATLANTIC DIVISION
Just how much is the NHL's Atlantic Division in turmoil?
When the Maple Leafs are considered one of the more stable outfits in the division, you know chaos reigns supreme.
Here's a quick breakdown:
* With the Montreal Canadiens having axed Michel Therrien Tuesday and replaced him with Claude Julien, half the teams in the Atlantic have fired coaches in the past 10 months, including the Habs (Therrien), Boston Bruins (Julien), Florida Panthers (Gerard Gallant) and Ottawa Senators (Dave Cameron). Tampa Bay is the only Atlantic Division team among the eight not to have made a coaching change in the past two years.
* The struggling Detroit Red Wings are in danger of having their remarkable run of 25 consecutive playoff appearances come to an end, not to mention having their beloved owner, Mike Ilitch, pass away last week.
* Among the pre-season favourites to win the Stanley Cup, the Lightning lost Steven Stamkos early in the season with a knee injury and started play Tuesday four points out of a wildcard spot.
* There are rumblings among disgruntled Sabres fans that Buffalo's rebuild is going slower than expected.
Other than that ...
mzeisberger@postmedia.com
twitter.com/zeisberger
Adrian Gonzalez dives headfirst into home, seems to beat the tag by Cubs catcher Willson Contreras, but is called out. Safe, shout fans at Dodger Stadium who see replays on the board.
Umpires go to their headsets for a video review, and nearly three minutes later, the signal comes: Out!
Want to hear exactly how disputed calls get decided, like that one in last year's NL Championship Series?
Soon, we might.
While nothing is set, Major League Baseball and umps are expected to discuss a plan — most prominently used in the NFL — for crew chiefs to wear a microphone and explain replay rulings.
Under one possible scenario, they would start at the All-Star Game on July 11 in Miami, tweak the process over the season's second half and then go forward with the experiment in the playoffs.
People familiar with the talks spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because an agreement has not yet been reached.
Last year, MLB asked for the plate ump to wear a mic at the All-Star Game, but there wasn't enough time to do it.
The umpires are in the middle of their five-year labor deal and any change would involve negotiations, plus a comfort level on both sides that the system would be efficient, accurate and easy.
So no way to say for sure if fans at Camden Yards, Coors Field and ballparks across the majors will become familiar with the voices of veteran crew chiefs — be it country singer Joe West, ordained minister Ted Barrett or Dale Scott, once a Top 40 AM radio disc jockey.
"It probably would be nice to get a little more explanation," Marlins reliever Brad Ziegler said. "They're supposed to say the call stands or the call's confirmed. 'The call stands' means you can't tell. A lot of times we don't get that ... they just signal out or safe. That's all we get on the field.
"They may announce it on the PA, but it doesn't seem like that is consistent in all parks. And the acoustics in the stadium here — we have a hard time hearing what's on the PA in the bullpen," he said.
In the NFL, hearing refs announce "upon further review" has long been part of the lexicon. The lore includes what Ben Dreith said in a 1986 game, when Jets lineman Marty Lyons tangled with Buffalo quarterback Jim Kelly and was penalized for "giving him the business down there."
The NHL for some time has mic'ed up officials to explain coach's challenges, based on what the central replay booth tells them.
NBA crew chiefs put on headsets to watch reviews and talk with the replay center. Decisions are explained to the official scorer's table and the benches, and the public address announcers inform the crowd.
MLB has tried to speed up reviews this year, aiming for the umpires in the New York replay booth to relay the final calls to the field in under 2 minutes.
"It'll take more time," Boston pitcher David Price said. "It's not going to make them any shorter."
As for making the replay system more informative and entertaining, "Yeah, until they have a problem with the umpire's mic," he said.
Marlins star Christian Yelich said a switch wouldn't affect him.
"The call's the call," he said. "Just because they tell you what they decided isn't going to change it."
———
AP Sports Writer Steven Wine and AP freelance writer Ken Powtak contributed to this report.
Opposition lawmakers on Tuesday scored Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez for rushing the plenary debates on the bill imposing the death penalty for heinous crimes.
In an ambush interview, Alvarez said the House is targeting to wrap up the plenary debates and amendments on House Bill 4727 restoring the death penalty by March 8.
He denied rushing the plenary debates in a bid to railroad the passage of the controversial measure.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Hindi po mabilis yun. Antagal na nang ibinigay natin. Isipin nyo po finile nung last year, pagbukas ng Kongreso, oo. Hindi po mabilis yun,” Alvarez said.
(That's not quick at all. The bill had been filed a long time ago. This was filed last year, upon the opening of Congress. That's not quick at all.)
The Speaker decried the “delaying tactics” of the critics and for lamenting that the leadership is railroading the passage of the bill.
“Yun na nga ang sinasabi ko, dinidelay nila. Ngayon pag pinagbotohan sasabihin nila, ay railroad,” Alvarez said.
(That's what I've been saying. They're delaying it, and yet they're the ones claiming the voting will be railroaded.)
Alvarez said the lower house would pass the bill this March even though the lawmakers lined up to debate on the bill have not yet finished the interpellation.
“Pass your paper tayo,” Alvarez said.
In a press conference, lawmakers from the independent minority bloc scored the drastic measures of the House leadership in forcing a vote on the bill.
Alvarez earlier threatened lawmakers that they would be stripped of their committee posts and deputy speaker positions if they went against the death penalty bill.
“Intimidate, entice and gag constitute the trio of strategies employed by Speaker Alvarez and the majority leadership to pass by hook or by crook House Bill No. 4727 reimposing the death penalty,” Albay Rep. Edcel Lagman said.
Lagman scored the move of the House leadership to require lawmakers to finish their interpellation within an hour pursuant to the rules.
The leadership is invoking Section 91 of the Rules of the House which reads that any member should not be allowed to speak for more than one hour in the debate of any question.
Lagman said the one-hour allotment only covers the first salvo of the interpellation and not the time for other members to interpellate each other.
He said the chamber should not set a time limit for the members to thoroughly discuss the measure, warning that the limitations on the time to debate is an “anathema to deliberative assemblies worldwide.”
“There should be no target, Let the interchange of ideas reign at the House at the end of the day. After all, the debates have been completed. Let us vote by the time the members of the House are fully informed of the pros and cons of the measure,” Alvarez said.
Akbayan Rep. Tom Villarin said Alvarez's move to threaten lawmakers to support the death penalty is a “retrogressive approach in legislation.”
He scored the leadership's willingness to railroad the restoration of the death penalty just to prove the political will of President Rodrigo Duterte in fulfilling his campaign promise to restore the death penalty, albeit an archaic policy of retributive justice.
“The death penalty as a form of vengeance, the concept of retributive justice, belongs to the dark ages. And it's not even justice at all,” Villarin said.
The House bill is expected to limit crimes punishable with death to the most heinous, making the proposal more favorable to lawmakers, and indicating that the death penalty bill has better chances in the lower house than in the Senate.
The restoration of the death penalty faces a gridlock in the Senate as the lawmakers centered on the country's obligations to the United Nations International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR), which under the Second Optional Protocol states that “Each State Party shall take all necessary measures to abolish the death penalty within its jurisdiction.”
House Bill 4727 restoring death penalty is seen to be a priority legislation in the House of Representatives.
The bill seeks to impose the death penalty on more than 20 heinous offenses, such as rape with homicide, kidnapping for ransom and arson with death.
According to the original version of the bill, the following are punishable with death under the Revised Penal Code—treason, qualified piracy, qualified bribery, parricide, murder, infanticide, rape, kidnapping and serious illegal detention, robbery with homicide, rape, intentional mutilation or arson and destructive arson.
Plunder is also punishable with reclusion perpetua to death according to Republic Act 7080 or the plunder law as amended by Republic Act 7659.
Some lawmakers, however, believe plunder should not be punishable with death under the bill.
The following offenses under the Comprehensive Dangerous Drugs Act are also punishable with death—importation; sale, trading, administration, dispensation, delivery, distribution and transportation; maintenance of a den, dive or resort; manufacture; possession of certain quantities of dangerous drugs; cultivation; unlawful prescription; misappropriation or failure to account confiscated, seized or surrendered dangerous drugs; and planting of evidence.
Carnapping is also a criminal offense punishable with death under the Anti-Carnapping Act or Republic Act 6539.
Justice committee chairperson, Oriental Mindoro Rep. Reynaldo Umali, said the House leadership is willing to reduce the list of crimes punishable with death only on the most heinous—drug trade and abuse, murder, kidnapping, carnapping and rape.
Umali said though that plunder may be removed from the list as it is not as heinous a crime as those committed against persons and life. RAM/rga
RELATED STORIES
By Marc Frank
HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba on Monday paraded troops and hundreds of thousands of citizens through its emblematic Revolution Square in a traditional show of nationalist fighting spirit as it faces a tough political and economic year.
A replica of the yacht Granma, which brought the Castro brothers, Ernesto "Che" Guevara and others from Mexico to Cuba to start the revolution in 1959, surrounded by schoolchildren in red and white young pioneer uniforms, led off the five-yearly event.
Troops wielding automatic rifles followed, marching in lock step, then a sea of banner- and flag-waving Cubans, many bussed in and organized through their workplaces and neighborhoods.
The head of the University Students Federation, Jennifer Bello Martinez, opened the march with a fiery speech as President Raul Castro and other leaders watched and waved from the base of a huge monument to independence hero Jose Marti.
“Cuba will not abandon a single one of its principles ... not its independence and not its sovereignty,” she said.
The military parade and march normally takes place every five years on Dec. 2 to mark armed forces day and commemorate the Granma landing but it was postponed a month due to the death of Cuban leader Fidel Castro in late November.
The event, first announced last April, has taken on added significance since the Nov. 8 U.S. election.
President-elect Donald Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, has threatened to rip up a detente with Cuba begun by President Barack Obama two years ago unless he gets a “better deal” and has resorted to the hostile rhetoric of the past when referring to the Communist-run Caribbean island.
"We are braced for conflict with the USA, we always have been, but I hope Trump will instead follow the path of Obama towards normalization," said 70-year-old Marcial Garcia, who still does logistical work for the army, as he watched the parade.
The threat to the gradual and still fragile warming trend could not come at a worse time for Cuba, which was plunged back into recession last year for the first time since the collapse of the Soviet Union a quarter century ago, as its strategic ally Venezuela floundered.
A tourism boom that brought 4 million visitors in 2016, in part sparked by detente and looser travel restrictions on Americans, was not enough to overcome dwindling oil shipments from the South American country on beneficial terms, and less cash for Cuban doctors and other professionals working overseas.
(Reporting by Marc Frank; Additional reporting by Sarah Marsh; Editing by James Dalgleish)
In the latest preview of the operating system's fall feature upgrade, Microsoft has mandated that its built-in Edge browser handle the opening of links within the Windows Mail app.
Microsoft will try a new way to push Windows 10 users into running Edge, forcing links opened from the Windows Mail app and its messages to display in the browser.
Normally, links embedded in messages retrieved by the Windows Mail app open in the default browser, which may be an Edge rival if the user has set one.
In the latest preview of Windows 10's fall feature upgrade, currently known as 1809 in Microsoft's yymm label format, Microsoft has mandated that Edge assume responsibilities for opening links within messages.
"We will begin testing a change where links clicked on within the Windows Mail app will open in Microsoft Edge, which provides the best, most secure and consistent experience on Windows 10 and across your devices," announced Dona Sarkar and Brandon LeBlanc, the Microsoft employees who most often speak for the Insider preview team, in a post to a company blog last week.
The change was added to build 17623 of the "Skip Ahead" version of Windows Insider. The Skip Ahead builds are offered to the limited number of Insider participants whom Microsoft lets continue with the latest code during the month or longer run-up to a release of one of the twice-annual feature upgrades. Microsoft will ship the spring upgrade, designated as 1803, sometime in early April.
Although Sarkar and LeBlanc trumpeted Edge's security and battery life in their post, they said nothing about what must almost certainly be the real reason for the move: To make Windows 10 users run Edge, if only in circumscribed circumstances.
Microsoft has good reason to up the pressure on users.
Since it debuted as the default within Windows 10 nearly three years ago, Edge's user share of the browsers run under the OS has been in steady decline. In February, Edge accounted for a record-low percentage - less than 12% of all Windows 10 systems - which represented a nearly-two-percentage-point decline from the month before. And Edge's continued slide has been in the face of Windows 10's own growing share. Windows 10 last month powered 39% of all Windows PCs. In other words, the more people who run Windows 10, the less they collectively like Edge.
The forced-link-opening maneuver wasn't Microsoft's first attempt to inflate Edge's usage. From Windows 10's mid-2015 launch, Microsoft has made it difficult to switch to a competitor as the operating system's default and has regularly reversed any user changes with new feature upgrades. The company has also promoted Edge as a power miser, restricted its Cortana voice-activated assistant to the browser and even marketed an Edge rewards program.
None of those plays have halted the browser's decline.
It was unclear whether the Edge-related change introduced in build 17623 will remain in place long enough to appear in the 1809 feature upgrade later this year. Sarkar and LeBlanc left room for backpedaling. "As always, we look forward to feedback from our WIP [Windows Insider Program] community," the two wrote, implying that if customers turned thumbs down, Microsoft might rethink the maneuver.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — The Royals activated All-Star catcher Salvador Perez and outfielder Alex Gordon from the disabled list and put them in the lineup for Tuesday night's series opener against the Brewers.
Perez has been out all season after straining a ligament in his left knee while carrying bags up a flight of stairs in his home. He was behind the plate and batting cleanup against Milwaukee.
Gordon tore the labrum in his left hip on April 9. He was in left field and batting seventh.
The Royals also recalled left-hander Eric Stout from Triple-A Omaha to provide bullpen help. They cleared roster space by putting right-hander Justin Grimm on the DL with lower back stiffness and sending catcher Cam Gallagher and outfielder Paulo Orlando to the Storm Chasers.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Jay Rock is next up in the TDE batting order with his third studio album, Redemption, slated for release on June 15.
With the momentum of singles like “King's Dead” and “Win” on his side, Rock also has a “dream collaboration” up his sleeve with the revelation that Jay-Z will be on the album. The feature was revealed by Jay Rock during a listening session for the album (seen above) after coming straight off The Championship Tour stop at Madison Square Garden last night. Not many details were revealed about the album though, leaving us all having to wait until the project drops in a few weeks.
Jay Rock also premiered his new music video for “Win” at the listening, bringing in labelmate Kendrick Lamar for his feature and appearances from the entire TDE squad. The anthem is full of fireworks, confetti and more to boost your group morale and set a tone for those in your way.
Redemption follows Rock's 2015 LP 90059, and will look to make a splash in a summer that's already expected to carry new releases from plenty of industry heavyweights. You'll be able to catch Jay Rock and the rest of the TDE collective as they tour across the country throughout June.
Watch Jay Rock's music video for “Win” below:
Getty Image
Following a weekend of nuclear-themed activity and provocation by the North Koreans — which included a failed missile test — Vice President Mike Pence has visited the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). In doing so, he told the country that it would be a great idea if they chilled out on the nuclear testing in order “not to test his (President Trump's) resolve or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region.”
North Korea was quick to respond to the United States' stern warning while issuing a warning of their own. North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-Ryol told the BBC on Monday that not only is his country not about to back down to the United States, it's readying for a full-out war. In preparation for the fight, Han Song-Ryol said the North Koreans will ramp up their missile testing program, not ratchet it down, BBC reports:
“We'll be conducting more missile tests on a weekly, monthly and yearly basis,”
Pence's trip to the demilitarized South Korea-North Korea border comes after an increased level of testing by North Korea, which was keen to flaunt their nuclear prowess in a parade that honored Kim Jung-Un's grandfather. While some believe the new weaponry trotted out by the North Koreans during the event may be at least somewhat exaggerated, military analysts believe the country's weapons could include intercontinental ballistic missiles. Further, the parade has been seen as a warning and show of defiance to the U.S. and its allies.
(Via BBC)
BELLEVILLE, Ont. — Search and rescue personnel from CFB Trenton have helped get an injured snowmobiler in Ontario's far north to hospital.
A Hercules aircraft and a Griffon helicopter flew to a remote hunting camp about 20 kilometres north of Attawapiskat, Ont., on Tuesday, where a snowmobiler had fallen off the machine, landing on ice.
Master Cpl. Brent Nolasco says rescuers parachuted to the scene from the Hercules and stabilized the patient, while the Canadian Rangers and the snowmobiler's family kept a fire going to keep everyone warm.
The injured person was taken to Moosonee, Ont., by helicopter, transferred to the Hercules, and flown to a hospital in Sudbury, Ont.
A fortuitous move to Midtown proved to be a godsend for Sundance Books.
Reno's last surviving independent new mainstream bookstore moved to its current location in the historic Levy Mansion at 121 California Avenue over the Memorial Day weekend in 2011. The Midtown resurgence, coupled with the eclectic appeal of the mansion built in 1906, has brought a new wave of customers to Sundance Books and help the business survive an industry-wide transition to digital media and a brutal national and regional recession.
Owner Christine Kelly, spotlighted in one of the first editions of Northern Nevada Business Weekly more than 15 years ago, has seen her fair share of ups and downs during that time. But moving out of the store's location at Fourth Street and Keystone Avenue was among the most difficult times she's experienced as a small business owner. Yet as usually is the case, the struggles to overcome Northern Nevada's economic challenges only served to strengthen Sundance Book's business model.
"When we moved over, things were pretty nip and tuck everywhere," Kelly said. "It was one of the hardest times to be in business, and yet at the same time, you could see great creativity, bravery and boldness going on. You could see a lot of little businesses starting up in the area. Things were tough, but that's always where good opportunity lies."
The Midtown resurgence spurred many different events, such as wine walks, that have boosted the store's customer base. And the boom in eateries and small shops throughout the area also increased Sundance Book's clientele.
When Kelly first appeared in the pages of NNBW, she — and every other new bookseller in the country — had no idea that Amazon, the online bookselling company founded in 1994 by Jeff Bezos, would revolutionize the book industry. Amazon's business model of selling books online cannibalized brick-and-mortar stalwarts such as Barnes & Noble and Borders, and the ensuing transition to e-books in the 2000s sealed their fate. In 2012, there were more e-books published online than hardcover books.
Recommended Stories For You
Despite all the changes in the industry, Sundance Books has survived — and even thrived.
"The turning point, what really tipped the scales, was when Amazon came out with their tablet reader, the Kindle, for like $110," Kelly said. "That's when everything changed.
"You had the technology of reading change at the same time the technology infrastructure of retail started to change," she adds. "It was sort of like these two giant storms happening at once."
So how did Sundance Books survive the industry-wide transition to digital media when so many other bookstores, including Borders, closed shop? Kelly attributes the store's survival to its deep loyal customer base — especially avid readers who still prefer the unequaled feel of turning paper pages versus swiping left on an e-reader.
She also credits her longtime staff with providing unsurpassed customer service that keeps people coming back through the store's doors.
"We had people who believed in what we were doing and our business model," Kelly says. "But one of the other major reasons why we are still alive is because of our staff. We have people who are committed to this kind of work and to books and music. If we didn't have that, which brings people back over and over again and makes this a really dynamic environment, we wouldn't be here."
Don't be fooled into thinking that running a bookstore through a national recession is all quietly sipping espresso in a drowsy sunlit corner, though. Kelly says that without dogged perseverance, Sundance Books would be just another former business remembered fondly by certain residents of the Reno-Sparks area.
And there were many days when Kelly thought the end was at hand.
"You cannot give in or say, 'This is the last day,'" she said with a wry smile. "Even when you think it's your last day, you keep going forward. You get up the next day and realize, 'OK, that wasn't my last day.' You have to be willing to hang in, and you can't be afraid of hard work or working a lot of hours."
Kelly is heartened to see both a resurgence in new independent book stores opening across the country, and a flattening in the sales of e-book readers. Books are irreplaceable, she said, and will always be available to those who love to read.
Sundance Books has tweaked its business model over the years to better fit the times. It included music as part of its retail offerings (and even added music to its name), and the resurgence of vinyl has given a slight but unexpected boon to the business. Kelly also founded Baobab Press, which operates from the upper floors of the Levy Mansion, to help independent authors publish their works. Kelly serves as publisher and executive editor of Baobab Press.
Bill Gates famously said in 1996, "Content is King." The content is truly what keeps Kelly and Sundance Books going.
"There is still amazing writing happening, and that is one of the most encouraging things culturally," she said. "Whether you read it in book form or digital form doesn't matter. People are still creating great work, and there are still groups publishing it.
"For us, the challenge and the joy and fun is continuing to expose what we have on our shelves and having an educated and invested staff that on a daily basis works it as economically and as smart as they can."
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Dame Helen Mirren said she didn't use to like her shape.
Dame Helen Mirren has said she used to dislike her much-admired curves – because she did not look like Twiggy.
The Oscar-winning actress, 72, said when she rose to fame in the 60s the British model's slender look was being celebrated.
She told Allure magazine: “It was the time of Twiggy, and I did not look like a twig.
“My cheeks were too fat, legs were too short, breasts too big.”
Dame Helen said later in life she started to understand why people thought of her as sexy.
“I could see why — when I got far enough back from my young self — they called me sexy in those days,” she said.
“I fell into the cliche of sexiness: blonde hair, tits, waist, which I hated at the time because it was not fashionable.
“You had to be thin and have a cigarette and only wear black. And I just never fit into that look.”
The Queen star also spoke about feminism in the wide-ranging interview, revealing her idea of what the term meant had changed over the years.
She said: “I wasn't into the very didactic feminism of the 60s and 70s because I liked wearing make-up and high heels.
“That was a no-no. It was sort of ‘That's playing to the patriarchy.'
“I was thinking, ‘Well, I just really like it'.
“Then as feminism developed, they realised you can like nice dresses, high-heeled shoes, and make-up.
“That's not stopping you from being feminist.”
Asked if she had any advice for her younger self, Dame Helen said it would be to stop being so “bloody polite” and to say “f*** off” more.
NEEDHAM, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--PTC (NASDAQ: PTC) today announced its collaboration with Boston Children's Hospital, the number one pediatric hospital in the United States, to explore the use of augmented reality (AR) to help children with autism and related disorders communicate and learn more effectively.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005921/en/
PTC explores the use of augmented reality in early intervention for children with autism with Dr. Howard Shane of Boston Children's Hospital and professor at Harvard Medical School. (Photo: Business Wire)
April is National Autism Awareness Month, which promotes autism awareness, acceptance, and inclusion for the growing number of children with autism in the United States. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the latest estimate is that 1 in 88 children have some form of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) – a 78 percent increase in comparison to a decade ago.
Dr. Howard Shane, the Director of the Center for Communication Enhancement at Boston Children's Hospital and Associate Professor of Otology and Laryngology at Harvard Medical School, is at the forefront of using technology and visual supports to improve communication and learning for children on the autism spectrum. Children with autism often have difficulty understanding written or spoken language, but are extremely interested in electronic screen media. It is hoped that augmented reality may be used to help children with autism understand tasks and the world more fully, by helping to bridge the physical and digital worlds by overlaying an image onto a physical environment. Accordingly, the visual nature of augmented reality makes it a promising breakthrough technology to aid in the treatment of autism.
“The intersection of healthcare and technology is only beginning, and we are excited that PTC, a global leader in IoT and AR technology, is working with us to explore different use cases. Augmented reality addresses two of the biggest challenges facing a child with autism: communication and attention,” said Dr. Howard Shane. “With AR, a child with autism could ‘see' a cup become a spaceship and engage in pretend play, or ‘see' the steps to brush their teeth right in the context of their own physical environment. Simple tasks that are challenging for those with ASD can be shown and communicated with AR in a way that is more meaningful to them.”
A team of PTC employees volunteered countless hours to research and understand autism and the requirements for an effective AR solution. Once the team understood how to best develop applications for an autistic child, they quickly reached a project milestone by completing a prototype solution. In the next phase, an app, created for children with autism and a developmental age of three to five years old, will be clinically tested and evaluated for continued improvement. Dr. Shane will discuss the project in more detail for media and analysts in a session at the upcoming LiveWorx conference held in Boston on June 17-20 th.
“The immediate and overwhelming interest at PTC to volunteer and participate in this project shows the far-reaching impact of autism and the need to learn and do more,” said Don Busiek, senior vice president, corporate strategy, PTC. “Traditionally, PTC works with manufacturers and industrial enterprise companies, but we saw a unique opportunity for AR technology to make a real difference and improve lives. This project only scratches the surface of the potential uses for AR, and we are excited to support Boston Children's Hospital in its effort to leverage technology to transform the treatment of autism spectrum disorders.”
To request a media pass to LiveWorx, please contact kbrescia@ptc.com.
Additional Resources
LiveWorx Harvard Business Review: “Why Every Organization Needs an AR Strategy,” authored by PTC CEO Jim Heppelmann and Harvard Professor Michael Porter
About Howard Shane Dr. Shane received his PhD from Syracuse University and completed a Doctoral Fellowship at Mayo Clinic. He is the Director of the Center for Communication Enhancement and the Autism Language Program at Boston Children's Hospital. He has designed more than a dozen computer applications used widely by persons with disabilities and holds two US Patents. Dr. Shane has received Honors of the Association Distinction and is a Fellow of the American Speech and Hearing Association. He is the recipient of the Goldenson Award for Innovations in Technology from United Cerebral Palsy Association and author of numerous papers and chapters on severe speech impairment, lectured throughout the world on the topic, and produced numerous computer innovations enjoyed by persons with complex communication disorders.
About PTC (NASDAQ: PTC) PTC helps companies around the world reinvent the way they design, manufacture, operate, and service things in and for a smart, connected world. In 1986 we revolutionized digital 3D design, and in 1998 were first to market with Internet-based product lifecycle management. Today, our leading industrial innovation platform and field-proven solutions enable you to unlock value at the convergence of the physical and digital worlds. With PTC, manufacturers and an ecosystem of partners and developers can capitalize on the promise of the Internet of Things and augmented reality technology today and drive the future of innovation.
PTC.com @PTC Blogs
PTC and the PTC logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of PTC Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005921/en/
CONTACT: PTC
Kelley Brescia, 781-370-5462
Corporate Communications
kbrescia@ptc.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA MASSACHUSETTS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT INTERNET NETWORKS SOFTWARE HEALTH HOSPITALS
SOURCE: PTC
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 10:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 10:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005921/en
The Blues and Blackhawks took to the outdoors Monday, with Vladimir Tarasenko scoring twice in a 1:53 span of the third period and Jake Allen stopping 22 shots to lead St. Louis to a 4-1 victory over Chicago in the Winter Classic at Busch Stadium.
It was 46 degrees when play began before a sellout crowd of 46,556, the sixth largest for a Winter Classic. This was the 21st regular-season outdoor NHL game.
Bobby Hull and son Brett dropped the ceremonial first puck. Bobby wore a Blackhawks jersey and Brett wore the Blues sweater.
The Blues went ahead 2-1 when Tarasenko made a backhand pass that hit Nilas Hjalmarsson's skate and slipped by goalie Corey Crawford at 12:05 of the third period. Tarasenko then scored on a wrist shot over Crawford's shoulder at 13:58, giving him 18 goals this season. Robbi Fabbri assisted on both goals.
The Blues added an empty-net goal by Alexander Steen at 18:46.
St. Louis tied it 1-1 when Patrick Berglund scored at 7:45 of the second period. From behind the net, Jay Bouwmeester fed Berglund in the slot. Berglund one-timed the pass for his sixth goal this season. Steen got the second assist on the goal, the 300th of his career.
The Blackhawks scored 62 seconds into the game. Michal Kempny hit a slap shot from just inside the blue line that bounced and wobbled and went off the top of Blues goalie Jake Allen's glove. Kempny got the puck on a pass from behind the net by Artemi Panarin.
It was Kempny's second goal of the season. He did not score in his first 24 games without a goal. Now he has scored in his last two games.
Crawford, who faced 34 shots, made his best save when he denied Taraskeno on a breakaway three minutes into the third period. But then the St. Louis sniper struck twice to provide the winning margin.
St. Louis improved to 2-1-1 this season against Chicago.
The Blues are the 11th team to play in the annual Winter Classic. The Blackhawks are 0-3-0 in their Winter Classic after previous appearances in 2009 and 2015.
NOTES: The Winter Classic matchup at Busch Stadium was the fifth outdoor game for the Blackhawks since 2009. Jonathan Toews, Patrick Kane, Duncan Keith and Brent Seabrook each played in the previous four, and Corey Crawford started the last three in goal. ... Until Monday, the only Blues players to have played in an outdoor game were defensemen Carl Gunnarsson and Jay Bouwmeester. ... Chicago RW Marian Hossa is on the injured list with an upper-body injury and was not activated. ... Chicago C Marcus Kruger has been placed on the injured list. ... Blues RW Nail Yakupov was out because of illness.
UP NEXT:
Chicago: Will host Buffalo on Thursday.
St. Louis: Will host Carolina on Thursday.
Photo
WASHINGTON — President Trump said late Thursday that a meeting with his military leaders was “the calm before the storm,” but what he meant by his ominous comment remained unclear.
When pressed for more details, the president said, “you'll find out,” a declaration that comes amid more turmoil in his own cabinet and several foreign policy challenges around the world.
Mr. Trump was speaking ahead of a planned dinner with military leaders and their spouses. Just before the dinner, reporters were ushered into the State Dining Room at the White House. The president addressed the reporters and said, “You guys know what this represents?”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
One reporter asked the president to elaborate. He responded, “Maybe it's the calm before the storm.” It was when he was asked what he meant that he replied, “You'll find out.”
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
“What's the first story that pops into your head about our years together?” I asked my husband at our 30th-anniversary celebration dinner.
Putting down his forkful of filet mignon, he said, “The man in the hat shop in Sacramento.”
I remembered, too. Twenty years ago, on a road trip to celebrate the end of my chemotherapy, we wandered into a hat shop in Old Town Sacramento. My hair was just starting to grow back, and it was the first time I had gone out in public without a head covering.
It was a very sunny day and a hat was starting to sound like a good idea. George bought a classic Tilley hat, with a wide brim perfect for keeping the sun off your head. I wanted a lady's version of George's manly hat.
“We'll be twins,” I joked. There was only one left and it fit perfectly.
“I'll take it,” I said gleefully to the shop owner.
“May I ask if you always wear your hair that short?” he responded politely. I briefly explained my situation.
“Ma'am, I'm sorry but I can't sell you this hat.”
“Why not?”
”Because it won't fit when your hair grows back.”
This was the part of Sacramento designed to separate tourists from their cash. We were tourists. He knew he likely would never see us again. It would have been easy for him to just make the sale and be done with it. But he did the right thing. He even directed us to another shop that had Tilley hats.
Instead, we strolled over to a riverboat restaurant and reflected on that simple gesture of honesty as we shared a hot fudge sundae. We considered: Maybe he was a cancer survivor himself; maybe a family member was; maybe he was just a good guy. In any case, he had reinforced our faith in the goodness people are capable of.
As we reminisced about the hat man just before sharing our anniversary dinner dessert, I said to George, “It's the little touches of life we always remember, isn't it?”
“That, and shared desserts,” he said.
Email Patricia Bunin at patriciabunin@sbcglobal.net. Follow her on Twitter @PatriciaBunin
SNc Channels:
Search
About Salem-News.com
Zip Weather
Weather Forecast
Apr-16-2017 23:40 TweetFollow @OregonNews OSP Investigating Double Fatality Crash Hwy 18 near McMinnville The two-vehicle double fatality crash closed Hwy 18 for 6 hours.
Photo: OSP
(McMINNVILLE, Ore.) - Saturday afternoon at about 3:20, Oregon State Police responded to the report of a two vehicle head-on motor vehicle crash on Hwy 18 near milepost 49. This location is just east of McMinnville in Yamhill County. Upon arrival, OSP determined a silver 2016 Dodge Caravan operated by 59-year old William Eugene Stockinger and his passenger 65-year old Linda Louise Stockinger from Tualatin had been westbound on Hwy 18 when it crossed into the eastbound lane. A white 2016 Chevy Impala was operated by 54-year old, Marc Geoffrey Sloan from Bellevue Washington had been eastbound and attempted to avoid, but was unable to avoid the nearly head-on collision. The impact caused the Impala to rotate and flip over the guardrail and down an embankment. Sloan was pronounced deceased at the scene. William Stockinger was transported by ground ambulance for serious injuries and is being treated at a Portland area hospital. Linda Stockinger, who had been unrestrained in the rear of the van, was transported by air ambulance to a Portland area hospital for critical injuries, where she succumbed to her injuries died. Both Sloan and William Stockinger had been using their safety restraints. OSP is continuing the investigation and no determination has been made regarding the cause of the crash. Additional information will be released as it becomes available. OSP was assisted by the McMinnville PD, Yamhill County SO, McMinnville Fire Department and ODOT. Hwy 18 was closed for approximately six hours during the investigation and reopened just after 9:00pm. Source: OSP _________________________________________
Fatal | Accident | Traffic | Oregon | Most Commented on
Articles for April 15, 2017 | Articles for April 16, 2017 | Articles for April 17, 2017
HELSINKI (AP) — Finland's foreign minister says representatives from North and South Korea are holding diplomatic talks in the Nordic country and describes Finland's role as a "facilitator."
Foreign Minister Timo Soini told the Finnish news agency STT on Monday that Finland "is making this meeting possible" by helping arrange it but wouldn't mediate in the actual negotiations. He gave no other details.
Senior North Korean diplomat Choe Kang Il, who handles North American affairs in Pyongyang, arrived in Helsinki on Sunday for talks with South Korean security experts and allegedly also with former U.S. diplomats, including the former U.S. Ambassador to South Korea, Kathleen Stephens.
The meeting comes just two days after North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho held days of diplomatic talks in neighboring Sweden.
This is the charming £615,000 Wirral home put on the market by Tory backbencher Esther McVey. The four-bedroom detached house is set in landscaped gardens shielded from view by a wall of luscious greenery. The property boasts three bathrooms (two en-suite), three sitting rooms, and even a roof terrace. Esther bought the house ten years ago for £357,000, meaning she has made more than a quarter of a million pounds on the property in just over ten years. Guido takes you inside…
A flawless garden, equipped for al-fresco dining under a retractable awning. Perfect for summer evening drinks…
The candelabra-clad dining room, complete with bust of a half-naked woman.
An intimate roof terrace…
Plenty of space for entertaining in the spacious kitchen. Great to chill after a hard week in Westminster… Guess she's moving to her new Tatton constituency…
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
Houston-bred rapper Ugly God has finally revealed the cover art and tracklist for his highly anticipated debut project The Booty Tape.
The Soundcloud sensation has gotten a huge following since his mainstream debut “Water” in 2016. Since then, he's released three official singles in the last nine months in preparation and he finally revealed the cover art and tracklist for his debut release which is drawing near.
According to the tracklist, Lil Yachty, Ski Mask The Slump God and XXXTENTACION are the only features along with PARISVVS and HM Surf being the only producers featured outside of Ugly God himself.
Check out the tracklist, album art, and singles below.
Ugly God's The Booty Tape Tracklist
1. “Welcome to the Booty Tape” (prod. by Ugly God)
2. “Fuck Ugly God” (Ugly God Diss) [prod. by PARISVVS]
3. “Booty Gang Captain” (prod. by Ugly God)
4. “Back to the Basics” (prod. by Ugly God)
5. “I'm a Nasty Hoe” (prod. by Ugly God)
6. “Bitch!” (prod. by Ugly God)
7. “I'm Tryna Fuck” (prod. by Ugly God)
8. “Undertaker” Feat. Lil Yachty (prod. by Ugly God)
9. “Stop Smoking Black & Milds” (prod. by Ugly God)
10. “No Lies” (prod. by Nikko Bunkin)
11. “LDC (Little Dick Clique)” [prod. by Ugly God]
12. “Like a Maverick” (prod. by HM Surf)
13. “GETOFFMYDICK” Feat. Ski Mask The Slump God & XXXTENTACION (prod. by PARISVVS)
14. “Water” (prod. by Ugly God)
RAMALLAH, West Bank (AP) — The Palestinian Health Ministry says Israeli troops killed a 16-year-old Palestinian during a confrontation with stone-throwers in a West Bank village.
The ministry says Laith Abu Naim was killed Tuesday by a shot to the head.
The Israeli military had no immediate comment.
Mayor Faraj al-Nasan says an Israeli military patrol entered the village of Mughayer and that local teens started throwing stones at troops. Al-Nasan says the soldiers were in military vehicles and there was no threat to their lives when one of them opened fire.
The teen's death brought to 18 the number of Palestinians killed by Israeli fire in confrontations since President Donald Trump's Dec. 6 recognition of contested Jerusalem as Israel's capital. An Israeli man was killed in a Palestinian shooting attack earlier this month.
Southern Water share this latest appeal. Ed
Every year in England and Wales water companies deal with over 300,000 blockages, thousands of which see people's homes and belongings ruined by sewer flooding.
Across Kent, Sussex, Hampshire and the Isle of Wight, in the last year alone Southern Water has dealt with 23,000 blockages caused by a build up of fat and unflushable items in its 39,600KM of sewers.
Around £90million is spent every year clearing blockages nationwide. However total costs, including damage from pollution and clean-ups is estimated to exceed a whopping £200million each year.
Money which has to come from somewhere…and it's usually customers' bills.
The Unflushables
That's why today (Wednesday 15 February), Southern Water and the Consumer Council for Water (CCWater), the independent consumer watchdog, have launched a new campaign called The Unflushables to help customers understand the impact of internal sewage flooding, and what simple steps people can take to stop it.
Five bizarre things found in UK sewers
A double bedsheet
A spacehopper
A dead sheep
Body parts
‘Adult' toys
‘The Unflushables' campaign aims to help people across Kent, Sussex, Hampshire and the Isle of Wight know how to properly dispose of fat, oil, grease and unflushable items like wipes, tampons, nappies and condoms. It's designed to help customers understand the impact a sewage flood in their house can have – and provide some hints and tips to help prevent it.
Top tips for preventing sewer flooding
Clear your plates – scrape leftover food residues from plates, pans and utensils into the bin before washing up
Contain the problem – put cooled fats into an old jam jar, butter tub or yogurt pot and then throw it away
Bag it and bin it – use scented nappy sacks or dog poo bags (degradable if you can) to throw away any nappies, sanitary items or condoms
Strain the pain – a simple sink or drain strainer can stop food and hair getting down the pipes
Stop-motion animation
As part of the campaign, they have a produced a new, stop-motion animation with award-winning Progress Film Company to help bring this sticky issue to life:
Tim Bagnall, Southern Water's Wastewater Manager, said:
“Sewer flooding can be a really upsetting experience for our customers. Everyone in the water industry knows that fat, oil, grease and unflushables are one of the biggest causes of internal flooding, but it's amazing how few of our customers make the link between what they flush down toilets and pour down sinks and the sewage flooding their home, if they're unlucky enough to experience it. “At least 95 per cent of wipes on the market are not designed to be flushable, and even those that say they are can cause blockages. When even a small blockage can cause sewage to flood homes and gardens, it's something that people really need to be aware of and help take responsibility for.”
Steve Grebby, CCWater's sewer expert, said:
William M. Johnson is a horticulturist with the Galveston County Office of Texas AgriLife Extension Service, The Texas A&M System. Visit his website at http: //aggie-horticulture.tamu.edu/galveston.
Sunderland will open talks with Derek McInnes and Tony Docherty after Aberdeen ‘reluctantly' agreed to give the Black Cats permission.
The two clubs had been negotiation a compensation package to release the pair from the deals at Pittodrie, which had two years to run.
Aberdeen boss McInnes will now discuss personal terms with the Wearsiders and is set for a significant pay rise.
The 45-year-old is still on holiday in Florida, but Sunderland remain hopeful of making an official appointment later this week.
McInnes will seek assurances regarding his transfer budget for the Championship campaign ahead, but, at this stage, there are unlikely to be significant complications.
Aberdeen had been keen to try to keep hold of McInnes, with new major shareholder Dave Cormack saying they would move ‘heaven and earth' to see off Sunderland's interest.
He even suggested that the Scottish Premiership runners-up – beaten in both domestic cup finals last term – would seek to extend the former St Johnstone and Bristol City boss's contract.
That now seems unlikely with the Dons, who have been bracing themselves for McInnes's departure for a number of weeks, seemingly accepting defeat.
An Aberdeen statement yesterday said: “The club can confirm that early this afternoon Sunderland FC agreed to meet all the contractual obligations for both Derek McInnes and Tony Docherty and they have reluctantly been granted permission to speak with both of them about the vacant managerial position at Sunderland.
“The club will be making no further comment at this time.”
The Echo also understands that coach Paul Bracewell is set to leave the club.
Former Sunderland midfielder Bracewell joined the first-team staff in 2015 and his subsequently served under Dick Advocaat, Sam Allardyce and David Moyes.
By DALE RUHE, Correspondent
ANAHEIM — It looked for a while like Tustin running back KC Carr III would threaten to reach the single-game Orange County record for rushing touchdowns in a game.
And while did fall short, his five scoring runs were plenty to lead the Tillers past Western, 63-27, in an Empire League football game Friday night at Western High.
Carr finished his night's work after three quarters with 256 yards on 17 carries, the last on a 73-yard run with just over three minutes left in the period.
Tustin (6-0, 1-0), ranked third this week in the CIF-SS Division 7 poll and 19th in the county poll, accumulated 378 yards on offense.
Western (3-3, 0-1) stayed within striking distance of the Tillers, trailing 35-21 after Anthony Munoz connected with Justin Moore on a 73-yard pass and catch scoring play with 17 seconds remaining in the first half.
The Tillers came away from halftime and scored a pair of touchdowns in the first three minutes.
After the kickoff, Donald McKinney raced 35 yards to the end zone. An interception by Christopher Medina was returned to the Pioneers' 8-yard line. Mike Mierez scored on the next play and the Tustin advantage expanded to 49-21.
Western's only lead in the game came on its opening possession. Munoz, who finished with 322 yards on 27 of 49 attempts, hit on seven of his first eight tosses during an 80-yard, 12-play march. He found Caine Savage for two yards and a 7-0 lead with 5:25 left in the first period.
Nick Mierez got the game tied on a 9-yard run two minutes later. The ensuing kickoff saw Western fumble it away to the Tillers at the Pioneer 21. It took two plays for Carr to tally his first six-pointer of the evening a minute later.
Munoz responded with another touchdown toss, good for 32 yards to John Ojelabi to tie the contest at 14-14.
Carr posted touchdown runs of 29, 35 and 34 yards thereafter, and while it appeared as if Tustin would start to pull away late in the half, back came the Pioneers,
Munoz threaded the ball past two defenders and before the Tillers could react, Moore had an easy path to the end zone.
Munoz would hit Savage with another scoring pass early in the fourth quarter. Savage racked up 12 catches for 98 yards.
The Latest on a Mississippi law banning most abortions after 15 weeks (all times local):
5 p.m.
Opponents of a new Mississippi law banning most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation have filed a lawsuit.
The state's only abortion clinic and one of the physicians who practice there filed the federal suit Monday in Jackson, an hour after Gov. Phil Bryant signed the measure into law.
In a lawsuit handled by the Center of Reproductive Rights, the Jackson Women's Health Organization says the measure is unconstitutional and should immediately be struck down.
The suit says the clinic performed 78 abortions in 2017 when the fetus was identified as being 15 weeks or older. That's out of about 2,500 abortions performed statewide, mostly at the clinic.
The lawsuit challenges House Bill 1510, saying federal courts have ruled women have the right to an abortion before a fetus can live on its own outside the womb. The Mississippi measure is specifically designed to challenge those rulings, trying to get courts to rule states can restrict abortion before viability.
4:30 p.m.
Mississippi's governor says that by enacting a law that bans most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation, the state is "saving more of the unborn than any state in America, and what better thing can we do?"
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant made the comments while he signed the law Monday in a closed ceremony, according to a video his office posted to social media.
House Speaker Philip Gunn was present for Bryant's signing. He told The Associated Press he is proud Mississippi is taking steps to protect "the most vulnerable of human life:" the unborn. House Bill 1510 became law immediately upon Bryant's signature.
Lt. Gov. Tate Reeves said in an emailed statement that the law is a major step toward accomplishing Mississippi's goal to protect the lives of the unborn. Echoing a phrase Bryant often uses, Reeves added that he is committed to making the state "the safest place in America for an unborn child."
3:50 p.m.
Mississippi's governor has signed the nation's tightest abortion restrictions into law.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1510 on Monday afternoon. It becomes law immediately and bans most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation. Bryant has frequently said he wants Mississippi to be the "safest place in America for an unborn child."
The law's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it "incompatible with life" outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a "major bodily function" is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Abortion rights advocates are calling the law unconstitutional because it limits abortion before fetuses can live outside the womb. The owner of Mississippi's only abortion clinic opposes the law and has pledged to sue.
Since this issue is in the spotlight again, Guido brings you a reminder that the Remain campaign did exactly the same thing that Vote Leave is accused of, only far, far worse. In the month before the vote the Remainers set up FIVE new campaigns and funnelled a MILLION pounds into them so they could stay under the spending limit:
DDB UK Ltd registered as an independent campaign on 25 May 2016, less than a month before the referendum. DDB UK Ltd received £191,000 in donations.
Best For Our Future registered as a permitted participant on 27 May 2016, less than a month before the referendum. It received £424,000 in donations
The In Crowd registered on 10 June 2016, less than two weeks before the referendum. It received £76,000 in donations.
Virgin Management Ltd registered as a permitted participant on 3 June 2016, less than three weeks before the referendum. It received £210,000 in donations.
Wake Up And Vote registered as a permitted participant on 24 May 2016, less than a month before the referendum. It received £100,000 in donations.
The Remain campaign did exactly the same thing as Vote Leave, only with more money and with five new campaigns…
Ohad Moscowitz shows off his vocal skills in accapella track Jewish artist's soaring voice are on full display in his single "Birkat Kohanim'. Contact Editor Tzvi Lev,
Press release Ohad Mosckowitz
top
MOSCOW (AP) — Tass says Russian President Vladimir Putin has arrived at a Russian air base in Syria.
Classic #49ers move by Jed. Leak firings, confirm nothing, ensure awkward finale, wait for reporters to leave, issue release on firings 1/2 — Larry Beil (@LarryBeilABC7) January 2, 2017
2/2 and you wonder why #49ers have become a last place team. It starts at the top. #noscapegoatsleft — Larry Beil (@LarryBeilABC7) January 2, 2017
San Francisco 49ers Chief Executive Officer Jed York discussed firing head coach Chip Kelly and general manager Trent Baalke.York apologized to fans for the 2-14 season, and promised to help rebuild the 49ers culture."I am embarrassed. This is not acceptable to me," said York.When asked if he should be dismissed, York responded in part: "I own this football team. You don't dismiss owners."York said he wished the firings of Baalke and Kelly had been cleaner."I didn't see the future going the right way and I didn't see us being able to reestablish that winning culture."Sacramento Bee 49ers reporter Matt Barrows is tweeting that the team has interviews lined up this weekend with Patriots offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels, and Chris Ballard who's in the Chiefs front office.As for the firings, Baalke says he found out on Friday that he won't be returning. Kelly found out after yesterday's loss.This year's 49ers team ranks dead last in franchise history, matching their worst record ever at 2-14. Kelly had to deal with some big injuries this season, he was asked before being fired, if he would be surprised if the team let him go."I don't think anything surprises me. I live my life in vision not circumstances; I control what I can control. What we control is how we coach our players and what we do with them, if that's good enough that's good enough. If it's not good enough, so be it," said Kelly.Baalke is being blamed for depleting the team's roster, mainly because of poor drafting. A lot of fans feel, Baalke's firing was a long-time coming.to read more stories about the 49ers.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Trump to herald 'New American Moment' for US and call on parties to come together, in excerpts of State of Union speech.
If you're looking for an artist with a 2017 industry standard sound, look no further than Bando Wavey, from New Orleans, LA. Bando Wavey stops by The Source today, to lace us with a Wavey Wednesday exclusive, his newest mixtape ‘Made In NOLA', featuring $leazy EZ, Teezy Baby, and Young Lyxx. On this tape, you can hear Bando float on beats that mirror those most successful in today's musical landscape. It seems as though Bando Wavey has found a pocket in the game, and he's working towards mastering it. “Made In NOLA” is a brand that Bando has made extremely popular, first exclusively in New Orleans, and it has now since spread across the country, and the world to be honest. With In NOLA We Trust gear flying off the shelves of local boutiques in New Orleans, it seems as though Bando Wavey is primed for a great run for the remainder of 2017.
You can check out ‘Made In NOLA' in its entirety on Bando Wavey's soundcloud below.
Two men appeared in court today after being charged following a robbery at a business on Wearside.
Investigations led Northumbria Police to Freezemoor Road on New Herrington Industrial Estate at around 9am yesterday after a business premises in Dene Road, Castletown, was robbed at gunpoint earlier in the morning.
Officers, including armed response officers, also carried out a search of a house in Flodden Road on the Ford Estate in connection with the incident.
A spokesman for Northumbria Police said this morning: “Two men have now been charged following a robbery in Sunderland yesterday.
“They are Michael Carty, 45, of Railway Terrace, New Herrington and John Henderson, 50, of Hylton Road, Sunderland.
“A third man was arrested and released without any further action.”
Carty and Henderson appeared before magistrates in South Tyneside this morning, and were remanded in custody.
The police spokesman added: “At around 7.33am yesterday police received a report of a robbery at a premise on Dene Road, Sunderland.
"An offender entered with a firearm and made off with a bag.
“Unarmed and armed officers carried out a search for the offenders and intelligence led them to an industrial estate in New Herrington.
"A vehicle was uplifted and two men arrested.
"Nobody was injured and no firearm was discharged.
“Officers also carried out a search of an address on Flodden Road, Sunderland, in connection with their enquiries.
“Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101 quoting reference 179 290518 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
The Philippine National Police on Friday acknowledged for the first time at least one extrajudicial killing (EJK) in the country, but quickly withdrew that statement.
“To allay and remove their fear of becoming victims of EJK, let it be known that under the present administration there is only one case of extrajudicial killing, or EJK,” PNP spokesperson Chief Supt. Dionardo Carlos said in reaction to results of a survey by the Social Weather Stations (SWS) which showed that 73 percent of Filipinos fear becoming victims of EJK.
He was referring to the killing in December last year of Catanduanes News Now publisher, Larry Que, who had written an exposé in his column about the drug trade in his province.
ADVERTISEMENT
Catanduanes Gov. Joseph Cua, PO1 Vincent Tacorda and several others were charged for the killing in the Department of Justice.
Carlos later corrected himself, saying the Que case was just a “possible EJK” because it had not been confirmed by Task Force Usig.
He said, however, that the killing of Que could be an EJK as defined by Administrative Order No. 35 of 2012. The AO defined EJKs as “violations of the right to life, liberty and security of persons whether committed as part of an apparent government policy in the past or as recurring cases of unsanctioned individual abuse of power and authority by state and nonstate forces.”
Reacting to the numerous deaths resulting from President Duterte's war on drugs, the Catholic missionary group Redemptorists of the Philippines expressed alarm over the “utter loss of respect for the dignity of human life and human rights.”
“As missionaries dedicated to serving the poor and the most abandoned, we condemn the war on drugs as a war on the poor,” the religious group said.
“The police have become more relentless as the President himself had on many occasions incited the police to carry out a murderous war on the poor,” it said.
The survey results released on Thursday showed 63 percent of Filipinos believe the Duterte administration was serious in solving the EJK problem while 90 percent believe it is important that drug personalities are captured alive.
PNP chief, Director General Ronald dela Rosa, who was visiting the Cordillera Administrative Region on Friday, said in a TV interview that the PNP wanted to capture “100 percent” of all suspects alive.
ADVERTISEMENT
“What's the use of waging this war on drugs if you don't value life?” he said.
PNP records showed 398 of 6,129 homicide cases resolved by the police from July 1, 2016 to Sept. 15, 2017, or 6.49 percent, were found to have been drug-related.
Senior Supt. Adelio Benjamin Castillo, PNP Directorate for Investigation and Detective Management case monitoring division chief, said that there were 15,911 homicides investigated by the police nationwide during the period. He said 9,782 remained unresolved.
The second quarter SWS survey was conducted from June 23 to 26 through face-to-face interviews with 1,200 respondents nationwide. —WITH A REPORT FROM JULIE M. AURELIO
For Sale
John Deere Clutch Parts
Rebuilt Pressure Plate
Rebuilt Disc For Combine
Like New White Mountain Handcrafted Ice Cream Bucket $30
Call 584-6591
Motorized 26 Inch Boys Bicycle $100
Set of 4 235/75/15 Tires with 6 Aluminum Tires in Master Craft Model $75
2 Lawnmower Motors $100 Each
Call 731-699-0435
Amazon Fire TV Stick $35
Streams Up To 1080p Resolution
Great Condition, only been in use since late January
Call 731-819-7679
In Need
Motor Off Motorized Treadmill
Call 584-6591
Electric Stove in White Color
Call 213-2426
× Expand Photo by Jon Anderson Comedy Club Stardome April 2017-2 The Comedy Club Stardome spent more than $500,000 to renovate its location at 1818 Data Drive in Hoover, Alabama after more than two decades there.
The Hoover City Council tonight approved a tax abatement agreement with the Comedy Club Stardome that was designed to keep the club in the city of Hoover.
The agreement, originally drawn up by previous Mayor Gary Ivey's administration, will allow the Comedy Club to receive a rebate of sales taxes equal to 50 percent of additional revenues the club brings to the city of Hoover the next five years.
Hoover City Council President Gene Smith said the city of Birmingham heavily recruited the Comedy Club to come to Birmingham's new entertainment district, but Ivey worked out the tax abatement agreement as a way to keep the club in Hoover, where it has been for more than 20 years.
So instead of moving, the Comedy Club last year completed more than $500,000 worth of renovations and stayed at its site on Data Drive.
The city will calculate the tax revenues generated to the city of Hoover between May 1, 2016 and April 30, 2017, and then give back 50 percent of any tax revenues generated above that amount each of the next five years.
Mayor Frank Brocato said that while the agreement wasn't his idea, he believes the Comedy Club had negotiated the deal in good faith with the previous administration, so he favors honoring that agreement. The club has been such a wonderful part of the city for so many years, he said.
“He did have the opportunity to move out of the city and chose to stay,” Brocato said. “We want him to stay. We want our citizens to enjoy it. This is a great entertainment venue our residents don't want to lose.”
Smith said he, too, thought the agreement was reasonable, given the amount of money the Comedy Club invested in Hoover.
× Expand Photo by Jon Anderson Comedy Club Stardome April 2017 The Comedy Club Stardome spent more than $500,00) to renovate its facility at 1818 Data Drive in Hoover, Alabama, after more than two decades there.
In other business tonight, the City Council:
Tweet McGregor:“I Have A Game Plan And I Will Execute It Perfectly
All pics Esther Lin/Showtime
All pics Esther Lin/Showtime
It was “The Notorious” Conor McGregor's turn to meet with the media on Friday from UFC Performance Institute in Las Vegas, a day after Floyd “Money” Mayweather did the same in advance of their August 26 headlining attraction from T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada . The event will be broadcast on Showtime PPV Here is what McGregor had to say Friday: CONOR McGREGOR “I have a game plan and I will execute it perfectly, like always. I have been boxing my whole life so this is not a new experience for me. I will rule over MMA and boxing with an iron fist after August 26th. “The tale of the fight will be waiting to see who takes a step back first. We all know Floyd is a great defensive boxer and he isn't going to keep coming forward like he says. If he does, it's going to be a quick night for me. “It's a moment like this that makes you reflect on everything you've been through. I have the same camp around me for this entire rise and I think that's a key to my success. Some fighters think they need to move or do crazy things to improve as a fighter. I just surrounded myself with guys who are skilled and we became the best together. So, this is for all of us. This is our moment. “It means the world to have fans traveling from Ireland and all over the world for this fight. This is the biggest fight of all time and we owe them a hell of a show.
“This camp has been amazing. I'm getting better by the day, more alert, quicker. My weight is at a good place but I'm going to be a much bigger man than Floyd when I step in the ring for the fight and I think that makes a difference. “The critics say that Floyd has been there before. They discredit my training, my skills, my accomplishments. This isn't new to me though, just like boxing isn't new to me. I am no stranger to being the underdog on paper. I am a seasoned veteran and I am confident that I am the better man. After Saturday, August 26th, I will be a god of boxing.” “I am enjoying every moment of this ride. I remember what life was like before I came to the UFC. All the hard work it took. All the 10-hour days in the gym, bringing food and just staying in the gym all day. I've made it to the pinnacle of MMA and boxing. I am honored to be here in this moment and I am proud of what we have accomplished. Now, the moment is here and I will be ready for August 26th.”
Subscribe to feed Tweet
A industrial unit had to be condoned off following a fire in Preston this morning.
Lancashire Fire and Rescue Service sent four crews to the blaze Brierley Street, near Aqueduct Street.
The incident saw the water safety system set off after a fire involving a commercial oven at Ribble Technology sand blasting and paint strippers premises.
A 15 metre cordon was put in place due to a large amount of steam coming from the premises and carbon monoxide being detected in the building.
Many of those people are “particularly vulnerable,” the report said, like older adults and people with physical or intellectual disabilities. More than a third of residents are believed to have Alzheimer's or other forms of dementia.
The report provides the most detailed look to date at the role of assisted living in Medicaid, one of the nation's largest health care programs. Titled “Improved Federal Oversight of Beneficiary Health and Welfare Is Needed,” it grew out of a two-year study requested by a bipartisan group of four senators.
Assisted living communities are intended to be a bridge between living at home and living in a nursing home. Residents can live in apartments or houses, with a high degree of independence, but can still receive help managing their medications and performing daily activities like bathing, dressing and eating.
Nothing in the report disputes the fact that some assisted living facilities provide high-quality, compassionate care.
The National Center for Assisted Living, a trade group for providers, said states already had “a robust oversight system” to ensure proper care for residents. In the last two years, it said, several states, including California, Oregon, Rhode Island and Virginia, have adopted laws to enhance licensing requirements and penalties for poor performance.
Photo
But the new report casts a harsh light on federal oversight, concluding that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services has provided “unclear guidance” to states and done little to monitor their use of federal money for assisted living.
As a result, it said, the federal health care agency “cannot ensure states are meeting their commitments to protect the health and welfare of Medicaid beneficiaries receiving assisted living services, potentially jeopardizing their care.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Congress has not established standards for assisted living facilities comparable to those for nursing homes. In 1987, Congress adopted a law that strengthened the protection of nursing home residents' rights, imposed dozens of new requirements on homes and specified the services they must provide.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
But assisted living facilities have largely escaped such scrutiny even though the Government Accountability Office says the demand for their services is likely to increase because of the aging of the population and increased life expectancy.
That potential has attracted investors. “Don't miss out on the largest market growth in a generation!” says the website of an Arizona company, which adds that “residential assisted living is the explosive investment opportunity for the next 25 years.”
Carolyn Matthews, a spokeswoman for the company, the Residential Assisted Living Academy, said: “Unfortunately, there has been elderly abuse in this business. We are trying to change the industry so the elderly have better quality care and we are not warehousing them.”
The government report was requested by Senator Susan Collins of Maine, a Republican who is the chairwoman of the Special Committee on Aging; Senator Orrin G. Hatch of Utah, a Republican who is the chairman of the Finance Committee; and two Democratic senators, Claire McCaskill of Missouri and Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts.
The Trump administration agreed with the auditors' recommendation that federal officials should clarify the requirement for states to report on the abuse or neglect of people in assisted living facilities. The administration said it was studying whether additional reporting requirements might be needed.
“Although the federal government has comprehensive information on nursing homes providing Medicaid services, not much is known about Medicaid beneficiaries in assisted living facilities,” the report said.
Assisted living was not part of the original Medicaid program, but many states now cover it under waivers intended to encourage “home and community-based services” as an alternative to nursing homes and other institutions.
The report said that assisted living could potentially save money for Medicaid because it generally cost less than nursing home care. Under the most common type of waiver, Medicaid covers assisted living only for people who would be eligible for “an institutional level of care,” in a nursing home or hospital.
USC Trojans guard Jordan Usher (1) drives to the basket against UCLA Bruins center Thomas Welsh (40) in the first half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
UCLA Bruins guard Aaron Holiday (3) rebounds against USC Trojans in the first half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans head coach Andy Enfield reacts after a foul call in the first half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game against UCLA Bruins at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
UCLA Bruins guard Aaron Holiday reacts after a tree point shot agains]t USC Trojans in the first half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
UCLA Bruins guard Jaylen Hands (4) celebrates with teammate forward Gyorgy Goloman (14) and head coach Steve Alford after defeating the USC Trojans 82-79 during a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. UCLA Bruins won 82-79. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
UCLA Bruins head coach Steve Alford and center Thomas Welsh (40) smiles as they walk off the court after defeating the USC Trojans 82-79 during a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans guard Jordan McLaughlin (11) drives to the basket against the UCLA Bruins in the first half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans forward Chimezie Metu (4) drives to the basket against UCLA Bruins in the first half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans forward Bennie Boatwright (25) drives to the basket against UCLA Bruins forward Alex Olesinski (0) in the first half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans guard Elijah Stewart (30) drives to the basket against the UCLA Bruins in the first half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans guard Derryck Thornton (5) passes against UCLA Bruins forward Gyorgy Goloman (14) in the first half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans guard Jordan Usher reacts after scoring against the UCLA Bruins in the first half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans forward Chimezie Metu (4) shoots against UCLA Bruins center Thomas Welsh (40) in the first half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans guard Elijah Stewart (30) shoots against the UCLA Bruins in the first half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
UCLA Bruins head coach Steve Alford with his clip board during a time out against the USC Trojans in the first half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans forward Chimezie Metu (4) in the first half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game against the UCLA Bruins at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans forward Chimezie Metu (4) along with UCLA Bruins forward Gyorgy Goloman (14) in the first half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
UCLA Bruins center Thomas Welsh against the USC Trojans in the first half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
Former UCLA Bruins Bill Walton, right, with former USC Trojans Reggie Miller prior to a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game between the USC Trojans and the UCLA Bruins at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
UCLA Bruins head coach Steve Alford and center Thomas Welsh (40) smiles as they walk off the court after defeating the USC Trojans 82-79 during a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
UCLA Bruins center Thomas Welsh (40) fights for the loose ball against the USC Trojans in the second half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. UCLA Bruins won 82-79. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
UCLA Bruins center Thomas Welsh (40) scores against the USC Trojans in the second half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. UCLA Bruins won 82-79. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
UCLA Bruins guard Jaylen Hands (4) drives to the basket against USC Trojans guard Jordan Usher (1) in the second half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. UCLA Bruins won 82-79. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans vs. UCLA Bruins during a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. UCLA Bruins won 82-79. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans forward Chimezie Metu (4) reacts after a foul against the UCLA Bruins as Jaylen Hands (4) looks toward the scoreboard in the second half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. UCLA Bruins won 82-79. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
UCLA Bruins guard Kris Wilkes (13) scrambles for the loose ball against USC Trojans guard Elijah Stewart (30) in the second half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. UCLA Bruins won 82-79. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
UCLA Bruins head coach Steve Alford celebrates with guard Jaylen Hands (4) after defeating the USC Trojans 82-79 during a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
UCLA Bruins guard Jaylen Hands (4) drives to the basket against USC Trojans guard Elijah Stewart in the second half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. UCLA Bruins won 82-79. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
UCLA Bruins fans cheer during a USC Trojans free-throw attempt in the second half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. UCLA Bruins won 82-79. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans head coach Andy Enfield reacts toward a official after a foul call in the second half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game against the UCLA Bruins at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. UCLA Bruins won 82-79. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans forward Chimezie Metu reacts to the crowd noise after scoring against the UCLA Bruins in the second half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. UCLA Bruins won 82-79. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans forward Chimezie Metu (4) slam dunks over UCLA Bruins forward Alex Olesinski (0) in the second half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. UCLA Bruins won 82-79. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans forward Chimezie Metu (4) slam dunks over UCLA Bruins forward Alex Olesinski (0) in the second half of a NCAA Pac 12 basketball game at Pauley Pavillion on the campus of UCLA on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 in Los Angeles. UCLA Bruins won 82-79. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
LOS ANGELES — Before its 82-79 loss at UCLA, it looked as if USC's basketball team was about to strengthen its NCAA tournament résumé Saturday afternoon.
The Trojans were ahead of the Bruins by nine points more than midway through the second half, retaking control of the crosstown rivalry matchup after their 11-point lead in the first half had vanished.
The sellout crowd at Pauley Pavilion sensed it, too. Most of the blue-clad fans grew quiet, drowned out by a small contingent of opposing fans in the upper corner of the arena.
With USC holding a 69-60 lead with 8:01 left, a chant of “Let's go Trojans!” broke out during a timeout.
Yet, it surrendered another sizable lead. A 12-0 UCLA run followed, and in a span of four minutes, USC fell behind, one of 18 lead changes in the course of the back-and-forth game.
It would leave the Trojans with a defeat that ended their six-game winning streak, one spanning almost a month, and dropped their record to 17-7 overall and 8-3 in the Pac-12 Conference.
“We hate losing,” senior guard Jordan McLaughlin said. “It hurts.”
It also ended a chance to score what would have been their first Quadrant 1 victory of conference play and further their tournament chances. The selection committee has adopted a four-tier system for sorting teams' quality wins, and one over UCLA on Saturday would have fallen in the top tier as the Bruins hold a current Ratings Percentage Index of No. 66. Road wins over top-75 RPI teams fall into Quadrant 1. USC had no previous such opportunity for a Quadrant 1 win in conference.
The Trojans were largely undone by what once revived their season: defense. As they won six consecutive games, they held teams to 70 points or fewer. The Bruins' 82 points, including 1.16 points per possession, were the most USC had allowed since it opened its Pac-12 slate with an 88-81 loss to Washington.
A team meeting in the aftermath of the stumble against the Huskies was credited with reviving their defense.
“It wasn't quite there,” USC coach Andy Enfield said of the team's defensive performance Saturday.
The Bruins made 51 percent of their shots against USC and 46 percent from beyond the arc, including a go-ahead 3-pointer by Thomas Welsh with 52 seconds left.
“We didn't get some key stops,” Enfield said.
The Trojans in the final seconds missed two potential game-tying 3-pointers from McLaughlin and guard Jordan Usher
Sophomore guard Jonah Mathews cited bad matchups for some of the defensive struggles.
“We didn't switch sometimes, sometimes we did,” Mathews said. Related Articles Whicker: UCLA is riding Thomas Welsh's senior tour
Watch USC's Chimezie Metu dunk on UCLA men's basketball
UCLA women's basketball sprints to early lead, beats USC again
UCLA's Pauley Pavilion has presented a challenge for USC
Whicker: Usher is helping USC find its voice
Welsh, the Bruins' center, was particularly tough to defend, guard Elijah Stewart added. As Welsh scored 21 points, the 7-footer was not only physical in the post but also made three of his eight 3-point attempts. Aaron Holiday was also a tough matchup, scoring 23 points on 70 percent shooting and finished with nine assists.
The Trojans' scoring was uneven. While giving up their 11-point lead in the first half, ultimately retaking a 41-40 halftime lead, they went seven minutes without a basket. A scoreless four-minute stretch transpired in the second half.
Bennie Boatwright, the Trojans' second-leading scorer, returned to the floor after missing the past two games because of a plantar wart on his right foot, but was limited to two points in nine minutes.
But as Enfield sat in front of reporters in a maintenance room near the visiting locker room after the game, he sounded unconcerned with the scoring droughts and the streaky shooting.
“That's who we are as a team,” Enfield said.
The coach then circled back to defense. In five days, the Trojans visit Arizona State, the highest-scoring team in the Pac-12, offering another formidable test, though another chance for a Quadrant 1 win.
U.S. homebuilders are feeling a bit less confident this month, reflecting a dimmer outlook on sales in the months ahead and fewer would-be buyers dropping by builders' sales offices.
The National Association of Home Builders/Wells Fargo builder sentiment index released Wednesday fell to 65 this month. That's down two points from a revised reading of 67 in January.
Readings above 50 indicate more builders view sales conditions as good rather than poor. The index has been above 60 since September and reached the highest level in 11 years in December.
The February number falls shy of analyst predictions. They expected the index to hit 68, according to FactSet.
Builders' view of sales now and over the next six months also fell, as did a gauge of traffic by prospective buyers.
Exxon and Chevron are earning billions and benefiting from the new tax law, but profits are falling short of expectations that were based on rising oil prices.
The shares of both companies fell in afternoon trading Friday.
Both U.S. oil giants were expected to get a boost from crude prices, which rose sharply in the fourth quarter.
Exxon's production fell, however, by 3 percent from a year earlier, to about 4 million barrels of oil a day.
"This company just cannot get production growth going," said Brian Youngberg, an analyst with Edward Jones. "They talk about all these (new) projects, but they're always in the future. People want to start seeing some results."
Net income soared to $8.38 billion in the fourth quarter, compared with $1.68 billion a year earlier. But $5.94 billion of the increase came from a one-time tax gain, as the new law with lower a lower corporate rate greatly reduced the company's estimated tax liabilities.
Stripping away the tax gain and the write-down of operations in Canada and the Gulf of Mexico because of Exxon's long-term forecast of natural gas prices, adjusted profit was 88 cents per share. Analysts surveyed by FactSet expected $1.03 per share.
Irving, Texas-based Exxon Mobil Corp. lost money on U.S. oil and gas production after excluding the tax gain. That's an area where Exxon expects to grow this year from 26 drilling rigs to 36 in the Permian Basin of Texas and New Mexico and the Bakken field in North Dakota.
With higher crude prices, Exxon's revenue rose 18 percent to $66.52 billion, but that was still well below the FactSet survey's $71.94 billion.
Exxon spent $13 billion on dividends and buying back its own stock in 2017. Jeff Woodbury, vice president of investor relations, said buybacks would be limited in the first quarter of 2018.
Chevron Corp., based in San Ramon, California, earned $3.11 billion, two-thirds of it from the tax law. Excluding that gain, Chevron earned 73 cents per share, but FactSet says analysts expected adjusted earnings of $1.23 per share.
Chevron's oil and gas production rose 5 percent, helping push revenue up by 19 percent to $37.62 billion, slightly higher than analysts expected.
UBS analyst Jon Rigby said Exxon misfired in all segments of its business while Chevron's problems were concentrated in the refining and selling of petroleum products. Production at Chevron's refineries was less than expected, and the company was more exposed to weak markets on the West Coast, he said.
Both companies are counting on higher production from U.S. shale formations to boost production and profits.
"They're both targeting doubling their shale production over the next three or so years," said Youngberg, the Edward Jones analyst. "The expectations are that the return for every dollar they invest will be stronger there than elsewhere."
More drilling in the U.S. shale fields will also give their portfolios a better balance of big, risky long-term projects — often overseas — and ones with a quicker payoff.
In afternoon trading, Exxon shares fell $5.05, or 5.7 percent, to $84.02, while Chevron shares dropped $5.33, or 4.2 percent, to $120.24.
Today in History
Today is Tuesday, March 20, the 79th day of 2018. There are 286 days left in the year. Spring arrives at 12:15 p.m. Eastern time.
Today's Highlight in History:
On March 20, 1854, the Republican Party of the United States was founded by slavery opponents at a schoolhouse in Ripon (RIH'-puhn), Wisconsin.
On this date:
In 1413, England's King Henry IV died; he was succeeded by Henry V.
In 1760, a 10-hour fire erupted in Boston, destroying 349 buildings and burning 10 ships, but claiming no lives.
In 1815, Napoleon Bonaparte returned to Paris after escaping his exile on Elba, beginning his "A Hundred Days" rule.
In 1852, Harriet Beecher Stowe's influential novel about slavery, "Uncle Tom's Cabin," was first published in book form after being serialized.
In 1922, the decommissioned USS Jupiter, converted into the first U.S. Navy aircraft carrier, was re-commissioned as the USS Langley.
In 1942, U.S. Army Gen. Douglas MacArthur, having evacuated the Philippines at the order of President Franklin D. Roosevelt, told reporters in Terowie, Australia: "I came out of Bataan, and I shall return."
In 1948, "Gentleman's Agreement" won the Academy Award for best picture of 1947; Ronald Colman was named the best actor for "A Double Life," while Loretta Young won the best actress for "The Farmer's Daughter."
In 1952, the U.S. Senate ratified, 66-10, a Security Treaty with Japan.
In 1969, John Lennon married Yoko Ono in Gibraltar.
In 1977, voters in Paris chose former French Prime Minister Jacques Chirac to be the French capital's first mayor in more than a century.
In 1985, Libby Riddles of Teller, Alaska, became the first woman to win the Iditarod Trail Dog Sled Race.
In 1995, in Tokyo, 12 people were killed, more than 5,500 others sickened when packages containing the deadly chemical sarin were leaked on five separate subway trains by Aum Shinrikyo (ohm shin-ree-kyoh) cult members.
Ten years ago: In a setback for Democrat candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton, a drive for a second Michigan presidential primary collapsed as the state Senate adjourned without taking up a measure calling for a do-over contest. (Michigan had held an early primary in January 2008 in violation of Democratic Party rules, and was stripped of its delegates as a result.) Mao Asada of Japan won the women's title at the World Figure Skating Championships in Goteborg, Sweden.
Five years ago: Making his first visit to Israel since taking office, President Barack Obama affirmed Israel's sovereign right to defend itself from any threat and vowed to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons. Five former elected officials of Bell, California, were convicted of misappropriating public funds by paying themselves huge salaries while raising taxes on residents; one defendant was acquitted. Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper signed bills that put sweeping new restrictions on sales of firearms and ammunition. Opera singer Rise (REE'-suh) Stevens, 99, died in New York.
One year ago: U.S. Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch pledged to be independent or "hang up the robe" as the Senate began confirmation hearings on President Donald Trump's conservative pick for the nation's highest bench. President Trump met for the first time with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi at the White House. David Rockefeller, guardian of the Rockefeller fortune and billionaire philanthropist, died at his home in Pocantico (poh-KAN'-tih-koh) Hills, New York, at age 101.
Today's Birthdays: Singer Dame Vera Lynn is 101. Producer-director-comedian Carl Reiner is 96. Actor Hal Linden is 87. Former Canadian prime minister Brian Mulroney (muhl-ROO'-nee) is 79. Country singer Don Edwards is 79. TV producer Paul Junger Witt is 77. Basketball Hall of Fame coach Pat Riley is 73. Country singer-musician Ranger Doug (Riders in the Sky) is 72. Hockey Hall of Famer Bobby Orr is 70. Blues singer-musician Marcia Ball is 69. Actor William Hurt is 68. Rock musician Carl Palmer (Emerson, Lake and Palmer) is 68. Rock musician Jimmie Vaughan is 67. Country musician Jimmy Seales (Shenandoah) is 64. Actress Amy Aquino (ah-KEE'-noh) is 61. Movie director Spike Lee is 61. Actress Theresa Russell is 61. Actress Vanessa Bell Calloway is 61. Actress Holly Hunter is 60. Rock musician Slim Jim Phantom (The Stray Cats) is 57. Actress-model-designer Kathy Ireland is 55. Actor David Thewlis is 55. Rock musician Adrian Oxaal (James) is 53. Actress Jessica Lundy is 52. Actress Liza Snyder is 50. Actor Michael Rapaport is 48. Actor Alexander Chaplin is 47. Actor Cedric Yarbrough is 45. Actress Paula Garces is 44. Actor Michael Genadry is 40. Actress Bianca Lawson is 39. Comedian-actor Mikey Day is 38. Actor Nick Blood (TV: "Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.") is 36. Rock musician Nick Wheeler (The All-American Rejects) is 36. Actor Michael Cassidy is 35. Actress-singer Christy Carlson Romano is 34. Actress Ruby Rose is 32.
Thought for Today: "Spring is nature's way of saying, 'Let's party!'" — Robin Williams, American comedian (1951-2014).
By AMY TAXIN
Associated Press
SANTA ANA, Calif. (AP) - A Southern California man pleaded not guilty Friday to the murder of a University of Pennsylvania student whose body was found buried in a shallow grave at a park not far from his family's home.
Samuel Woodward, 20, of Newport Beach was ordered held on $5 million bail with conditions including GPS monitoring, a curfew and a protective order for the victim's family if he is released.
Woodward is charged in the killing of 19-year-old college sophomore Blaze Bernstein, who was home visiting his family on winter break in Lake Forest. Authorities said the two attended the same high school but did not know if they were friends at the time.
Bernstein was missing for a week after going out with Woodward the night of Jan. 2. Police searched for him with drone pilots and found his body at a park in the community 50 miles (80 kilometers) southeast of Los Angeles after rain partially exposed it.
Bernstein was killed with a knife. He was gay and Jewish and authorities are investigating the possibility of a hate crime.
During a brief hearing on Friday, defense attorney Edward Munoz sought a lower bail for his client, arguing that he was interviewed several times by sheriff's investigators before his arrest and didn't attempt to hide information.
But prosecutors opposed, noting that Woodward dyed his hair and changed his appearance after Bernstein disappeared and tried to evade surveillance by authorities before he was taken into custody.
"It's a horrific crime," said Steve McGreevy, senior deputy district attorney for Orange County.
McGreevy said authorities found a knife in Woodward's car and multiple knives in his home, but could not say if any were the murder weapon.
In a statement, Bernstein's family said it appreciated efforts to require the maximum bail and "meaningful" restrictions for Woodward.
"It gives us some measure of comfort to know that, should he be released, he will not be able to come near our family," the statement said. "Nevertheless, we are still concerned for the public's safety."
Woodward, who is currently held in jail in Santa Ana, is due back in court March 2.
At the hearing, he smiled upon seeing his lawyer and then sat out of view of the more than a dozen journalists gathered in the courtroom.
Munoz declined to comment after the hearing.
At college, Bernstein was studying psychology and was recently chosen to edit a campus culinary magazine.
According to a court filing obtained by the Orange County Register, Woodward told investigators that he became angry after Bernstein kissed him the night they went to the park.
Earlier on Friday, Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas declined to say whether authorities believe Bernstein was killed because he was gay, but said the case showed the need to change California law to include sexual orientation and gender as motivating factors for more serious murder charges that can carry the death penalty.
State Sen. Janet Nguyen said she was proposing legislation to make the change.
The murder rocked the community of Lake Forest - which had not seen a killing in at least four years - and prompted an outpouring of support for Bernstein's family, who have urged community members to do acts of kindness in their late son's name.
Hundreds of people attended a candlelight vigil for Bernstein and his funeral.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BURLINGTON, Ont. — Police have laid charges against the father of a three-year-old Ontario boy who died after being left in a hot car last week.
Halton regional police say 37-year-old Shaun Pennell of Burlington, Ont., faces one count of criminal negligence causing death and one count of failing to provide the necessaries of life.
Police have said officers got a call on May 23 from a "hysterical'' man, indicating that a child was in a vehicle and was not breathing.
They said the boy was outside a grey Ford Escape when emergency crews arrived and paramedics pronounced him dead at the scene.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Police are looking for a suspect who they say attacked two women in two separate incidents in Morningside Heights.
Newly released surveillance video shows the suspect, dressed all in black, around the time of the most recent attack which police say happened around 2 a.m. Tuesday.
A 20-year-old woman was walking into her apartment building near West 116th Street and Riverside Drive when police said the man followed her into the building.
Police said he then grabbed the woman from behind before putting a napkin over her mouth, telling her not to scream. Both the woman and the man fell to the floor during the struggle and police said she was eventually able to break free from his hold.
The suspect ran out the building without getting any of her belongings.
Detectives believe that the same man may be behind a similar incident a few blocks away on West 111th Street around 9 p.m. on Thanksgiving.
In that case, police said he followed a 60-year-old woman into her building, placed her in a chokehold and slammed her against a wall.
“Before the door closed the guy jumps in,” the victim's boyfriend, Jose Castillo, said. “Pushed her against the wall and grabbed her around the neck. Then she screamed.”
A man in an upstairs apartment heard the commotion and rushed down to help, chasing away the suspect. Castillo says the man got away with a small purse, which had his girlfriend's business cards, but no money.
Anyone with information is asked to call the NYPD's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 1-800-577-TIPS (8477) or for Spanish, 1-888-57-PISTA (74782), visit www.nypdcrimestoppers.com or text tips to 274637 (CRIMES) then enter TIP577.
ISLAMABAD (AP) — Afghanistan's intelligence chief and foreign minister have made a surprise visit to Pakistan's capital following a recent spate of deadly attacks in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan says some of the attacks were carried out by perpetrators linked to Pakistan's powerful spy agency, the ISI.
The visit Wednesday by Masoom Stanikzai and Wais Ahmed Barmak comes a day after Pakistan's Foreign Ministry said it handed over 27 insurgents to Afghan authorities last year, including members of the Haqqani network.
Pakistan's Foreign Ministry as well as Afghanistan's Ambassador to Pakistan, Omar Zakhilwal, confirmed the visit but there were no immediate details.
Afghanistan has accused Pakistan's ISI of training at least one perpetrator in the Jan. 20 attack on Kabul's Intercontinental Hotel, in which 22 people died, including 14 foreigners.
Pakistan denies it aids insurgents.
U.S. officials are blaming the North Korean government for a series of cyberattacks dating to 2009 against media, aerospace, financial sectors and infrastructure in the United States and around the world.
The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security issued a warning this week, saying the cyberattacks were carried out by actors within the North Korean government who are known as "Hidden Cobra."
"DHS and FBI assess that Hidden Cobra actors will continue to use cyber operations to advance their government's military and strategic objectives," the alert said.
U.S. officials are distributing internet addresses to help networks defend against any attacks. The FBI said it has high confidence that the internet addresses are linked to systems infected with Hidden Cobra malware to further exploit networks. The cyberattacks targeted weaknesses in Microsoft Corp. operating systems and Adobe Systems Inc.'s Flash software, which were patched in January and June, respectively.
The joint alert was issued Tuesday, the same day that American student Otto Warmbier, who was released from serving a 15-year sentence in a North Korean prison for participating in alleged acts against the government, arrived in Cincinnati, Ohio.
The U.S. remains in a standoff with North Korea over its nuclear program. The U.S. has issued sanctions, but Pyongyang has not made any move to give up weapons that it says are a deterrent to any invasion. Thousands of U.S. troops are based in neighboring South Korea, and the Demilitarized Zone between the North and South is one of the most heavily fortified borders in the world.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
It's been a long year without Kanye West, but now, Family Guy is bringing some Yeezy-themed joy to our hearts just in time for the holidays. The show aired its Christmas special last night, and in the episode was a quick Kanye-jabbing gag, in which he's portrayed as a series of hubristic candy canes.
As the Griffin family decorates the house for Christmas, Meg puts the “Kanye canes” in the family's stockings. As she pulls each one out and drops them in, each stutter shade-wearing one drops a quick Kanye-ism, like, “You know, it's just like, you know, music, and fashion, all that! You know I can't be stopped,” “Whatever I do, you know, I just want to be the best, because the best is never enough,” and “Mark Zuckerberg promised he'd give me fifty million dollars, fam, but then, he welshed and I'm penniless!”
If you recognize the voice of Kanye, that's because it was provided by Jay Pharoah, who has trotted out that impersonation of his many times.
Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane and Kanye actually have a bit of a history, by the way: They were guests on the same episode of Late Night With Conan O'Brien in 2008, and two years later, Kanye appeared on an episode of MacFarlane's The Cleveland Show as MC Kenny West, a rapper who is very much based on the real Kanye. He even gets in a freestyle rap battle against Cleveland Brown, Jr.
Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Tuesday:
Caterpillar Inc., down $9.55 to $144.44
The company said it doesn't expect to top its first-quarter profit for the rest of the year.
Alphabet Inc., down $51.17 to $1,022.64
Google's parent company reported greater ad sales but also said costs climbed.
Waters Corp., down $16.42 to $193.18
The maker of products used in drug discovery and development posted weak pharmaceutical and industrial sales.
Restaurant Brands Inc., up $2.80 to $56.30
A new burger and a spicy chicken sandwich sold well at Burger King, helping boost profits.
Whirlpool Corp., up $5.64 to $155.96
The appliance maker had a stronger first quarter than Wall Street had forecast.
Shire PLC, up $3.85 to $163.93
The drugmaker said it is considering a new buyout offer from Japan's Takeda.
3M Co., down $14.75 to $201.13
The industrial coatings and Post-it note maker cut its annual profit forecast.
Fifth Third Bancorp., up $1.32 to $33.25
The bank reported an increase in net interest income and analysts were pleased with its annual forecast.
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," she says. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example he and his colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, he notes.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," she says. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," she adds. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
ILIGAN CITY—Sean Francis Sereño and Joy Frias were with four other construction workers when they were trapped in Marawi City on May 23 as members of the Maute terror group, aided by Abu Sayyaf bandits, attacked the city.
Last week, more than two weeks after the fighting in Marawi started, only Sereño and Frias made it out of the battle zone alive. Two of their companions were shot dead by armed men while another drowned as they tried to dodge enemy bullets. Their foreman was held captive by Maute gunmen, his fate uncertain.
Their road to freedom was fraught with terror as they faced members of the group sowing terror in the predominantly Muslim provincial capital of Lanao del Sur.
ADVERTISEMENT
Start of ordeal
Sereño, 21, said they were at the compound of the Pandapatan family in Marawi, where they were constructing a building, when they heard bursts of gunfire on May 23.
Their employer, Nashrudin Pandapatan, gathered them and told them to hide.
“He said they were leaving because the [Islamic State] were coming but we could not go with them. He told us to just hide because the IS would kill us for being non-Muslims,” Sereño said.
A native of Misamis Oriental province, Sereño said he and five others, including their foreman Berting, sought refuge in one of the buildings inside the Pandapatan compound.
“Our employer gave us some food with a specific instruction not to come out unless it was him asking us to open the gate,” Sereño said.
He said several hours later, Pandapatan returned with more food and again, reminded them to stay out of sight.
“I am now leaving, but it is for your own good. IS [members] are everywhere and they are checking people. If you can't recite the shahada (an Islamic creed), you will be killed,” Sereño quoted Pandapatan as saying.
ADVERTISEMENT
Frias, a 43-year-old welder from Iligan City, said Pandapatan brought them a half sack of rice and other foodstuff when he returned.
He said when Pandapatan left them, they closed the gate of the compound and huddled together in one of the houses.
They spent days inside the compound as clashes raged all over town.
They lost track of time as days passed.
One day, Frias said they were startled when the compound's gate started shaking violently.
“We saw about four IS gunmen entering the compound. Four of us ran toward the exit to the adjacent building but two others—Dagul and Loloy—were left behind as they hid in the toilet,” Frias said.
From their new hiding area, Frias and Sereño said they heard the gunmen ask their frantic companions to recite the shahada. When they faltered, shots rang.
“There was silence. There was no more shouting,” Sereño said.
He said he did not witness Dagul and Loloy being shot and killed, but he took the long silence as an indication that they were dead.
Hide-and-seek
Sereño said he, Frias, Berting and 19-year-old Sitoy got out of the compound in the village of Moncado as bombs were exploding around them. They ran toward an area known as Lumber, where they hid anew.
“We hid in the bushes,” he said.
As they tried to move to another area, Sereño said they met a group of gunmen who greeted them with traditional Islamic greetings.
“They saw us and they said, ‘Assalamualikum.' We were not able to respond so they ran after us. Our foreman, Berting, lagged behind and was captured,” Frias said.
Frias said he, Sereño and Sitoy jumped into the lake and swam while the gunmen fired at them.
He said they took their clothes off so they could not be easily located.
“It's better to be naked in the dark,” Frias said.
He likened their ordeal to a hide-and-seek game with the armed men. The only difference, he said, was being seen meant they would end up dead.
Sereño said they used whatever things that would conceal them in the lake so they could avoid being shot. But the gunmen tried another ploy to catch them.
“They told us that it was okay to come out. They even said Berting was all right, and that we would have plenty of food,” he said.
By then, Sereño said they were already weak and shivering as they had been in the water for hours.
“They continued to taunt us with words like food, safety. One of them said we should not hide anymore and continued to use Berting's name to lure us out,” Frias said.
By this time, Sereño said Sitoy had disappeared from the surface of the water.
“He drowned. He was not able to withstand it. He knew how to swim but we were all very tired. He did not survive,” he said.
While trying to stay afloat, Frias said they saw a small banca and swam toward it.
The gunmen kept shooting at them as they paddled as far as they could.
“We managed to reach [Barangay] Bangon and saw some policemen. They gave us clothes and helped us out,” Sereño said.
It was on June 7 when they reached the provincial capitol compound in Marawi City, where volunteers from the provincial disaster risk reduction and management office brought them for medical examination.
On the same day, the International Committee of the Red Cross helped them return home.
“I may not be able to go back to Marawi City anymore. I will miss my Maranao friends, my employers. They were all good to us,” Frias said.
Sereño and Frias were among 1,623 civilians or hostages rescued by authorities and volunteers from Marawi from May 28, when rescue operations started, up to June 13.
Zia Alonto Adiong, spokesperson for the Lanao del Sur crisis management committee, said they were monitoring the possible locations of trapped civilians and would exert all efforts to find them.
Berkeley and West Hollywood already have laws, now San Francisco is poised to become the first major American city to ban the sale of fur. Supervisors will vote tomorrow despite criticism from retailers who say it will cost them millions in lost revenue each year.It's estimated somewhere between 30 and 50 retailers in San Francisco sell fur. The big ones in Union Square include Macy's, Neiman Marcus and Saks Fifth Avenue.For decades they've been the target of demonstrations by animal rights activists but soon there may be nothing left to protest. Fur sales in stores and online will be banned under a measure sponsored by city Supervisor Katy Tang.Tang is a long time animal rights advocate, who doesn't eat meat. She says, "I believe its necessary to pass this legislation because around the world there are 50 million, maybe even upwards of 100 million animals slaughtered each year solely for the purpose of providing us fur."The City estimates the ban will cost retailers about $10,000,000 a year in lost sales. Retailers peg it much higher at 45 million annually and say outlawing fur will also tarnish the brand of Union Square as an international shopping destination. Karin Flood is head of the Union Square Business Improvement District.She believes customers will simply go elsewhere to shop, like Las Vegas or Los Angeles. Flood says, "this is certainly an ethical issue and San Francisco has values, but the question is should these values be imposed on individuals and their right to choose what they do and how they shop."Anti-fur activists recently rallied on the steps of city hall. Matthew Dempsky was one of the protestors with a group called Direct Action Everywhere. He's hoping San Francisco will set a trend by passing the legislation.Dempsky says. " pretty soon it'll go nationwide and people will then really have to go out of their way if they want to continue buying fur."Flood represents 30 stores in Union Square that sell fur and says her clients worry what other regulations could be down the line. "We wonder what's next...will it be leather. Will it be cashmere."If the law passes, it would take effect January 2019. There are rumblings retailers may sue.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Mercantile Bank of Michigan and Abe AI are launching the MercMoney® Chatbot to support consumer financial health. In launching today, the organizations particularly want to draw attention to the need for financial health training and information for students and recent graduates.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006705/en/
What did I spend last night? (Photo: Business Wire)
The nonprofit Center for Financial Health Services Innovation (CFSI) is putting a spotlight on the state of Americans' financial health with #FinHealthMatters Day. This year, on April 25th 2018, #FinHealthMatters Day will focus specifically on the financial health of America's students. With over 20 million Americans pursuing higher education and roughly 70% graduating with debt, the issue is critical.
“We were delighted to see such support for #FinHealthMatters Day in 2016 and 2017,” said Jennifer Tescher, founder and CEO of CFSI. “It's an annual day to draw attention to Americans' financial health -- one of the most pressing issues of our time, and one that affects nearly everyone in some way.”
The MercMoney® Chatbot will help users improve their financial health by providing secure, simple access to their accounts through Google Home, SMS, and Messenger. After linking their accounts, users can track spending, set budgets, and manage their finances simply by sending a message through their phone, or talking to their Google home.
“At Mercantile we want to do everything we can to support our customers, and our students in particular, and that starts by re-thinking how we deliver relevant and timely financial insights that shape day-to-day financial decisions. That's why we decided to expand accessibility by meeting them in the voice-and-messaging channels they are already using on a daily basis,” said John Schulte, Chief Information Officer. “To do this we've partnered with Abe AI, to expand the functionality of our personal financial management tools into Google Home, SMS (text-messaging), and Messenger. We want to make the management of money feel more like a conversation, rather than a chore.”
“This is the most sophisticated conversational banking interface available today from any financial institution,” said Rob Guilfoyle, CEO of Abe AI. “Being able to say, ‘How much do I have left in my grocery budget this month?' or even make a new savings goal just by talking to my Google Home - that's groundbreaking, and has the potential to transform the way we interact with our finances, taking away some of the potential intimidation, and making them simpler and more approachable.”
About Mercantile Bank of Michigan
Based in Grand Rapids, Michigan, Mercantile Bank Corporation is the bank holding company for Mercantile Bank of Michigan. Mercantile provides banking services to businesses, individuals and governmental units, and differentiates itself on the basis of service quality and the expertise of its banking staff. The mission of Mercantile is to provide value in a highly professional and personalized manner. Mercantile has assets of approximately $3.2 billion and operates 47 banking offices. Mercantile Bank Corporation's common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “MBWM.”
For more information on Mercantile Bank of Michigan, visit https://www.mercbank.com/ or follow us on Twitter at @MercBank.
About Abe AI
Abe AI exists to create simplicity and convenience in everyone's financial lives. Established in 2016, Abe AI makes it possible for financial institutions to utilize the latest advancements in artificial intelligence to engage and support consumers on conversational interfaces including Google Home, SMS, Facebook Messenger, smarter IVRs and more to drive acquisition, support engagement, and user experience. With Abe AI's artificial intelligence platform, financial institutions can effortlessly build their own AI-powered banking solutions. For more information, visit www.abe.ai. Follow Abe AI on Twitter, Linkedin, and Facebook.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006705/en/
CONTACT: Mercantile Bank of Michigan
John Schulte, 616-813-3894
jschulte@mercbank.com
or
Abe AI, Inc.
Keith Armstrong, 407-310-8166
media@abe.ai
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA FLORIDA MICHIGAN
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT NETWORKS SOFTWARE OTHER TECHNOLOGY SECURITY MOBILE/WIRELESS PROFESSIONAL SERVICES BANKING FINANCE OTHER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
SOURCE: Abe AI, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 07:30 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 07:30 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006705/en
Photo
If President Trump lives up to his slogan of making America great again, there will be many more workers in factories, mines and the like. And they will need clothing, durable threads that are not necessarily fashionable.
By this logic, $24 billion VF Corporation — owner of the North Face, Nautica and Timberland brands — has just pulled off the signature apparel deal of the Trump era: an $820 million purchase of Dickies.
True, Mr. Trump has not passed economic legislation of any significance since taking office in January. But he has been helped by a United States economy whose rate of growth, though not measurably higher than a year ago, has added around 191,000 new manufacturing, mining and construction jobs so far this year. Dickies also sells to the services and health care industries, which added some 300,000 jobs.
But there are other factors that justify VF's purchase of family-owned Williamson-Dickie Manufacutring. Alongside its new owner's Wrangler, Timberland Pro Series and Red Kap brands, Dickies will give VF a leading position in what it calls the global workwear marketplace, which it estimates is a $30 billion-a-year opportunity. VF expects Dickies sales to rise about 4 percent a year to over $1 billion in 2021.
On that basis, the acquisition is also financially savvy. VF says it can raise Dickies' operating margin to about 14 percent, roughly double its current level, if below the profitability of its own workwear division.
That would generate some $105 million of after-tax profit, suggesting a rough return on investment of more than 12 percent after four years. That alone merits taking a flier on making America great again.
Want a new job? First you'll need to know how to create a resume that will help you shine. These seven simple steps can help.
You've decided to start your job search, but you've already reached a roadblock: Getting your resume ready.
On the job hunt, “your resume is your number one ammo,” says Monster career expert Vicki Salemi, who spent more than 15 years in corporate recruiting. When done right, your resume can open the door to your dream job, she notes.
With stakes that high, it's no wonder that resume refresh also commonly fills people with existential angst. We get it—condensing your entire work history into a perfectly-worded typo-free single-page document that could potentially determine your entire career future is maybe just a little stressful.
But what if we told you it doesn't have to be as daunting as you think? Monster has all kinds of resources to help make the whole process easier. Like you-don't-have-to-even-lift-a-finger-if-you-don't-want-to easier. Skip ahead to step 6 if this sounds like you. But if you're more of the DIY type, follow through the seven steps to a perfect resume below. You'll be on the interview circuit in no time.
Start with the right parameters
Resumes are not “one-size-fits-all.” The format you should use and the information you should highlight depends upon your field, for starters. So you'll want to structure your resume to fit the industry-standard for the job you're applying to. A quick way to start figuring this out? Check out Monster's resume templates by industry.
Your experience also plays a part in structure. The answer to the age old question of “how long should my resume be?” is that it depends upon how much time you've got under your belt. As a general rule of thumb, job seekers with under three years of experience should aim for one page, but those with more years in the field could go up to two.
Keep in mind that a recruiter doesn't have time to sift through the great American novel. Back in her recruiting days, Salemi says she usually spent no more than three seconds on a resume. “Being succinct is key,” Salemi says. “Recruiters will lose focus and attention if you name every single responsibility you've ever had."
Lastly, there's the question of chronological (jobs listed in order by date) or functional (jobs listed by relevance). We answer that question in the article “Should you use a chronological or functional resume?” but the gist is that functional typically makes sense unless you're a job changer, are just starting out or have gaps in your work history. Otherwise, go chrono.
Get the basics right
No matter the job or industry you're in, there are a few must-haves for every resume. They are: work experience, job titles, responsibilities and years worked in each position, Salemi says.
“It's important to show prospective employers a timeline,” she says. “Even if you use a functional resume—as opposed to a chronological resume—you should still include years.”
Oh, and don't forget your contact info! Believe it or not, Salemi says she has received resumes that include no way of contacting the candidate. (We think it's safe to assume those were the people who didn't get called in for interviews.) While you don't need to include your home address—Salemi says recruiters may start making assumptions that the commute could be too long for you—you absolutely must include your phone number and email address.
Use keywords to help you break through
When recruiters post jobs, Salemi says, they typically don't read every resume that comes in—they'll often start by having their “applicant tracking system” (a fancy name for recruiting software) filter out resumes based on keywords. Those keywords are terms or phrases the hiring manager has deemed to be valuable to the job.
So you'll want to pack your resume with keywords… but you also need to be careful not to go too overboard, since a human will hopefully read your resume eventually.
Thus, sprinkle those keywords throughout and provide a little bit of context with each. For example, a social media savvy job seeker might include the names of key platforms with some explanation such as, “Leveraged Instagram to showcase happy customers, increasing followers by 10,000.”
Need help coming up with keywords? Take words and phrases directly from the job description—mirroring the ad in order of mention as the hiring manager will typically put the most coveted skill sets at the top, says Salemi.
Double up on numbers to up your odds
Getting past the applicant tracking system is like making it past the semifinals—but your resume still has more hurdles to pass, in the form of those human recruiters who are trying to pick out the best of the best to bring in for interviews. You'll want to make sure you quantify your achievements to help them see the impact you made. If you had a choice between a candidate who “developed sales leads” and one who “developed 20 new sales leads a week,” wouldn't you pick the latter?
“Quantifying helps recruiters put a framework around the work you do and how you do it,” Salemi says. “Do you manage a team and how many? Did you save the company money and how much? Indicating daily, weekly, monthly meetings and deliverables attests to your ability to multi-task and get the job done.”
Anything related to time, money or people offers a key opportunity to quantify.
Make sure you're not a fashion faux pas
Just like you wouldn't show up to a job interview wearing jeggings or a suit with super-wide lapels, you don't want your resume to appear inappropriate or out-of-date.
So delete that opening “objective” section—and replace with a summary, which is now preferred. Cut that “references available upon request” cliché (duh, of course they are) at the bottom. And while you're hitting the delete button, Salemi says to expunge basic computer skills like Microsoft Word and only include specific skills to your industry like C++ programming. You'll also want to switch out that crazy font you think will help your resume stand out. (See Monster's picks for best resume fonts.)
It's not all about taking out the trash. You can make yourself seem a little less square if you add in some hyperlinks, your social media handles (if SFW) and a splash of color.
Bring in a wingman (or woman) to review your work
If you've gotten this far in your resume makeover, it's time to give your eyes a break. You've probably spent way too much time staring at the document on your screen checking for misspelled words and other typos that it no longer even reads like English to you anymore. It's time to bring in a second pair of eyes to give your resume a once-over.
First option, call in a mentor or a fellow job-seeking friend for whom you can do the same solid. Second and even better option: You can get a resume critique for free (seriously!) from the experts behind Monster's resume writing service. An actual resume specialist will review your doc, and, within a couple of days, provide an evaluation on ways you can improve your resume so that it will get through the robots and stand out to hiring managers.
Alternatively, for a fee that ranges from $129 to $349, those experts will actually write your resume for you; packages vary and can include cover letter and LinkedIn profile writing, too. Tempting, right?
Make yourself “discoverable” to recruiters
Ever wonder why some people just get called by recruiters about jobs and why you're not one of them? Well, every day, recruiters search Monster's resume databases for candidates for jobs that aren't even posted. By uploading your resume, you can be one of those people who get found by a recruiter.
Also, uploading your resume will help make your application process easier when you start applying to jobs on Monster. By having your resume already in our system, applying can be as easy as hitting the “Apply” button.
So go ahead and get that resume uploaded to Monster, and give yourself a proud pat on the back for getting through this tough-but-important first stage of job search. Now you've just got to find the right job. But we can help with that too—just check out the next article in this series. C'mon, let's get you hired…
© 2017 — Monster Worldwide, Inc. All Rights Reserved. You may not copy, reproduce or distribute this article without the prior written permission of Monster Worldwide.
The number of people encouraged to evacuate, like the number of cubic feet per second of water flowing around the dam, has grown over the weekend.
Engineers began working on repairs Monday to the damaged concrete chute that helps to keep Northern California's Oroville Dam from spilling over. Nearly 200,000 residents were told to evacuate amid fears of severe flooding.
Read on for a numerical breakdown of the dam, the risks and amount of water involved.
188,000 people
The number of residents urged to evacuate grew to 188,000 Monday, the Associated Press reported. Previous reports pegged the number at 100,000.
100 percent
The Oroville Dam reached 100 percent of its capacity as of Friday, up from 47 percent on that date in 2016, 45 percent the same day in 2015 and 38 percent on that day in 2014, the Los Angeles Times reported, citing the state's Department of Water Resources.
200 feet long, 30 feet deep
The 200-foot-long, 30-foot-deep erosion hole that ripped into the main spillway alongside the dam, likely over the weekend, prompted officials to use an emergency spillway running through trees and brush. The hole in the main spillway continued to grow in the following days. (The spillway, not the dam, is the source of the risk.)
100,000 cubic feet per second
The department announced Sunday that, “to avert more erosion” of the emergency chute spilling water into a forested area, it nearly doubled the flow of the main spillway to 100,000 cubic feet per second from 55,000 cfs.
$100 million
State officials put the cost of the main spillway's repairs at $100 million as of Friday, according to the San Francisco Chronicle. The Los Angeles Times reported a range of $100 million to $200 million.
68 inches
While Northern California normally receives 50 inches of rainfall in a given year, the region had already seen more than five and a half feet as of February, according to the Washington Post.
770 feet
The Oroville Dam is America's tallest, beating the Hoover Dam by 44 feet, with a height of 770 feet and a crest length of 6,920 feet.
48 years
The state of California constructed the Oroville Dam nearly half a century ago, finishing it in 1968.
Related Articles
Niger soldiers guard with their weapons pointed towards the border with neighbouring Nigeria, near the town of Diffa, Niger, June 21, 2016. Picture taken June 21, 2016. REUTERS/Luc Gnago
By Boureima Balima
NIAMEY (Reuters) - French and Nigerien troops conducted operations near Niger's border with Mali on Thursday, the day after an attack that killed three U.S. Army Special Forces members, security sources said.
The attack, which also wounded two U.S. soldiers and killed at least one Nigerien soldier, took place during a routine patrol in a part of southwestern Niger where insurgents, including from al Qaeda in Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), are active, a U.S. official told Reuters.
Nigerien, U.S. and French troops were leading operations in the zone on Thursday, a Niger security source said, without elaborating. A Western security source also said that French troops, part of a roughly 4,000-strong French force in the zone, were deployed alongside Nigerien forces.
"It's not clear if the attackers knew the Americans were present," said the Western security source. "Initial information suggests there was a trap that appeared designed to get them out of their vehicles and then they opened fire."
The source said al Qaeda and a relatively new militant group called Islamic State in the Greater Sahara were the two main suspects, although no one had yet claimed responsibility.
Two additional Niger security sources said that four military helicopters had been dispatched to the area and that reinforcements arrived on Thursday morning in the Tillaberi region where the attack took place.
A Nigerien regional official said on Wednesday five Niger soldiers were killed in the attack although a statement by U.S. Africa Command on Thursday said that only one "partner nation member" had died.
In a speech on Thursday, Niger President Mahamadou Issoufou condemned the attack. "Our country has just been the victim of a terrorist attack that claimed a large number of victims," he said.
Islamist militants form part of a growing regional insurgency in the poor, sparsely populated deserts of West Africa's Sahel. Jihadists have stepped up attacks on U.N. peacekeepers, Malian soldiers and civilian targets since being driven back in northern Mali by a French-led military intervention in 2013.
Malian militant groups have expanded their reach into neighbouring countries, including Niger, where a series of attacks by armed groups led the government in March to declare a state of emergency in the southwest.
The European Union has pledged tens of millions of euros to a new regional force of five Sahelian countries - Niger, Mali, Chad, Burkina Faso and Mauritania - in a bid to contain Islamist militant groups, and the United States also views the region as a growing priority.
Andrew Lebovich, a visiting fellow at the European Council on Foreign Relations, said Wednesday's attack revealed how U.S. training of Nigerien forces "has accelerated and also verged into ongoing military operations".
The United States operates surveillance drones out of central Niger and said last year it was building a new $100 million base to boost efforts by its ally to combat jihadists and better protect its porous borders.
It has also sent troops to supply intelligence and other assistance to a multinational force battling Nigerian Boko Haram militants near Niger's border with Nigeria.
(Additional reporting by Adama Diarra and Cheick Diouara in Bamako, David Lewis in Nairobi and Emma Farge in Dakar; Writing by Aaron Ross; Editing by Joe Bavier and Mark Heinrich)
Maybe California's housing shortage needs a dose of good ol' savings and loans.
In all the debate about what might fix the imbalance between the state's housing supply and demand, little has been said about the availability of real estate lenders who know a thing or two about California. In today's world of practically standardized, automated loan approvals made by lenders with national brands, quirks of California's consumers or builders can get lost in the rush to mass-produce real estate borrowing.
That's a far cry from the S&L glory days when locally born and bred thrift institutions successfully — for a while, at least — helped fund California's housing boom.
Look, the state has been a home to creative lending ever since the Gold Rush days when out-of-state bankers first caught wind of California's penchant for unorthodoxy. Just think in more modern times how many great, game-changing California business ideas have been funded by risk-loving venture capitalists vs. more risk-averse bankers or Wall Street financiers.
S&Ls as innovators
The roots of S&Ls were essentially an economic fix coming out of the Great Depression. By law, they were originally designed to be consumer-friendly, allowing them to pay higher deposits rates than their commercial-bank rivals. And they were empowered to be the steward of local mortgage lending.
The S&L business had to be innovative to survive, especially after the staid world of banking was rocked by sky-high interest rates of the late 1970s and early 1980s. Rising rates technically bankrupted much of the industry, and regulatory attempts to give S&Ls some financial breathing room, in many ways, only made matters worse. Plus, financial scoundrels who were attracted to S&L fix-it gambits helped seal the fate of these mortgage makers.
Say what you want about the execution of many S&L concepts. The industry's twists on traditional lending, many of which were California-inspired ideas, helped boost housing affordability. Not only did this lending motivate developers to build, some S&Ls also were financial backers of the housing industry, too.
Think about it: How else did common folks buy homes in the days of double-digit interest rates — yes, youngsters: mortgages rates above 10 percent — without S&L-inspired choices like adjustable-rate home loans or low-downpayment programs or qualifying folks with non-traditional sources of income or loans that minimized how much mortgage balance was paid off?
Still, S&Ls had suffered a fatal blow. By the late 1980s, failing institutions bankrupted the industry's deposit insurance fund. Most of the remaining S&Ls were retooled by government intervention and sold to new owners.
And California housing lost a good friend.
S&L-fueled building boom
For all the S&L warts, the industry's relevance to today's housing challenges became clear when I filled my trusty spreadsheet with California data on housing permits, population and job growth dating to the 1960s.
Housing construction in the state has never been the same since the local S&Ls disappeared.
Yes, various state rules and local regulations may get in the way of today's developers. The change from small, regional developers to huge national enterprises doesn't help either. And let's not forget the neighborly “NIMBY” fears of growth that limits construction, too.
Yet tight-fisted mortgage makers — reacting in many ways to the demands of risk-averse government-regulated buyers of home loans — also are a housing-shortage culprit. Many Californian entrepreneurs, for example, have unconventional work and salary histories that don't fit a typical loan-approval process. And the state's high-priced housing needs a local touch to understand it, too.
Just ponder how robustly California created housing when S&Ls were around. From 1963 through 1990 — the S&L era — California developers built an average 203,000 new housing units per year, both rentals and homes for ownership.
When you compare that housing creation to that era's population growth, you see that every new residential unit absorbed approximately 2.3 new Californians. That's a seemingly comfortable density. That same construction pace vs. job creation — sort of “affordability” index — shows 1.3 new workers for every new residential unit.
I'll take that kind of growth — in housing, residents and jobs — as a golden era because that level of product has never been replicated. Well, we did come close. Let me explain.
Economic malaise ruled for most of the 1990s in the state. The end of the Cold War created a painful “peace dividend” — a sharp cut in the federal government's military spending. Those cutbacks hurt the state's numerous defense contractors. The loss of the S&Ls didn't help. Nor did a moribund real estate industry.
From 1991 through 1998, California developers added new residents units at a 100,000 a year pace, half as much as the S&L days. Job growth slowed by almost that much, so you could see why developers were skittish. Yet population growth slowed by only a quarter, so each new housing unit had to absorb 3.4 new Californians. Let's just say we were a bit more crowded.
Aggressive lending, again
As the 1990s were ending, new lenders appeared on the scene — a wave of privately funded and lightly regulated loan makers. They first dabbled, relatively unsuccessfully, in high loan-to-value second mortgages. Then others of this ilk help popularize the “subprime” mortgage revolution.
In many ways, these novel products were similar to what was offered by the shuttered California S&Ls. But this breed of bankers — many based in Southern California — didn't keep their loans on their books like the S&Ls. Rather, they sold them through Wall Street partners to investors. That financial distance from the “owner” of the mortgage allowed for huge credit risks to be taken — bets that first overheated the housing market at the start of the new century, then eventually burst real estate into the Great Recession.
Just look at California's housing creation. From 1999 through 2006 — another era of aggressive lending — California homebuilding jumped by three-quarters to average 173,000 units annually — almost S&L production levels. Yes, it took that Wild West subprime lending frenzy to get California homebuilding somewhere near levels last seen when S&Ls were a big financial force.
Now, when the dicey subprime loans blew up — as they should have — they wreaked massive pain throughout the real estate and financial worlds. California housing production plummeted. Since 2007, only an average 77,000 units per year were permitted — nearly two-thirds less than the S&L days.
More problematic was that, despite all the economic turmoil, California's population increases and job growth in the past 10 years slowed nowhere as quickly as homebuilding.
So the typical new housing unit built has had to absorb far more Californians — a very dense 4.1 new residents and 1.7 new jobs, reflecting lowered affordability. That's far short of the building pace of the “golden standard” of the S&L and subprime eras.
Please don't think I'm suggesting crazy lending is needed (or wanted) to support California housing. But the housing construction data strongly suggests when lenders are skittish — for much of the 1990s and in the past decade — California badly falls short of its housing-supply needs. My spreadsheet shows California housing creation during the past half-century running at half the pace in those tight-money times vs. periods of more-lenient loans.
More construction could possibly lower California housing's monetary burdens. But who'd qualify to buy — or rent — what's offered to the home-seeking marketplace?
So it can't simply be, build it and they will come. Somebody who knows California's quirks has got to finance it.
NEW YORK (AP) — AVOIDING LAST-MINUTE TAX MISTAKES
Business owners can find it a tall order to complete their tax returns while also running their companies. When an owner is distracted, or not paying close attention to IRS rules, that's when mistakes happen. Some of the common ones to avoid:
—If you're a freelancer or independent contractor, make sure you have all the 1099 forms you need from people or companies you've worked for. If you file your return and you're missing any of your 1099s, you'll be hearing from the IRS. The government cross-checks the 1099 copies it gets with the amount of income you report, and if there's a discrepancy, the IRS will want to know why.
—If your business is a partnership, be sure the income and deductions reported to the IRS on your firm's Schedule K-1, Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, Credits, etc., matches what you report on your Form 1040. If you find an error on the K-1, make sure the form is corrected before you file your return.
—If you're deducting the cost of business meals and entertainment, you can claim only half the amount you spent.
—If you want to take a deduction for a home office, you must have been using the office exclusively and regularly as your principal place of business. If the office is a desk in the corner of your family room, it's not likely to pass muster with the IRS.
—If you drive your car for business and personal use, make sure you get as big a deduction as the law allows. The IRS gives you two choices; the first is a standard deduction of 53.5 cents per mile the car was driven for business. The second alternative is a portion of expenses like gas, insurance, lease payments and maintenance that is prorated to the amount the car was used for business. You should calculate your costs using both methods to be sure you get the biggest deduction allowable.
STARTING A BUSINESS ON A TIGHT BUDGET
Many people who want to start a company say they can't, because they don't have enough startup funds. SCORE, the organization that gives free counseling to small businesses, is sponsoring an online seminar on how to launch a company on a tight budget. It will be held Tuesday, March 27, at 1 p.m. Eastern time. You can learn more and register at http://bit.ly/2pr3H5p .
_____
Follow Joyce Rosenberg at www.twitter.com/JoyceMRosenberg . Her work can be found here: https://apnews.com/search/joyce%20rosenberg
BLOOMINGTON, Ind.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Cook Medical received a Rare Impact Award from the National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD) this month. Accepting the award were Dr. Mario Zaritzky and, Vihar Surti, a director of Global Research & Development at Cook, who collaborated to develop the Flourish™ Pediatric Esophageal Atresia device.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006022/en/
Illustration of the Flourish™ Pediatric Esophageal Atresia device. (Graphic: Business Wire)
Esophageal atresia is a birth defect of the esophagus – the tubular structure that connects the mouth to the stomach. In babies born with this condition, the upper part of the esophagus does not connect to the lower part of the esophagus and the stomach, making it impossible for them to eat normally.
The Flourish™ Pediatric Esophageal Atresia device uses rare earth magnets that are inserted into the upper and lower ends of the infant's esophagus. Over the course of several days, the magnets gradually stretch both ends of the esophagus, after which the tissue connects to form an intact esophagus. Previously, this condition could only be repaired surgically, but now doctors have another option.
“We have one thing in mind every day at Cook, and that's making a difference in patients' lives,” said Barry Slowey, president of Cook Winston-Salem and vice president of Cook Medical's Endoscopy speciality. “Flourish holds a very special place for so many of us here at Cook and to see the positive effects that it's had on these children, is a wonderful reminder of the mission and passion we all share.”
In order to treat pediatric patients affected by this rare disorder, Flourish™ received approval from the FDA in 2017. The product is not yet available to physicians. Esophageal atresia affects around 1 in 2,500 newborns. 1 Humanitarian Use Device (HUD) designations are reserved for the treatment or diagnosis of a disease or condition that affects fewer than 8,000 individuals in the United States per year. Between the time that FDA granted HUD designation in 2010 and approved the Humanitarian Device Exemption (HDE) for Flourish in 2017, 16 babies were successfully treated.
The Rare Impact Awards are presented each year by NORD, to organizations that provide care for the 1 in 10 Americans living with a rare disease. As an advocate for those affected by rare medical disorders, NORD has offered services to patients and their families for 35 years. The group is made of over 260 patient organizations working towards the cure and treatment of rare disorders, similar to Cook's work with pediatric esophageal atresia.
1 Mahoney L., Rosen R., Feeding Difficulties in Children with Esophageal Atresia. Paediatr Respir Rev. 2016 Jun;19:21-7. doi: 10.1016/j.prrv.2015.06.002.
Device information:
Indications for Use: The Flourish Pediatric Esophageal Atresia Device is indicated for use in lengthening atretic esophageal ends and creating an anastomosis with a non-surgical procedure in pediatric patients, up to one year of age with esophageal atresia without a tracheoesophageal fistula (TEF) or in pediatric patients up to one year of age for whom a concurrent TEF has been closed as a result of a prior procedure. This device is indicated for atretic segments <4cm a part.
Humanitarian Device. Authorized by Federal law for use in the treatment of lengthening atretic esophageal ends and creating an anastomosis with a non-surgical procedure in pediatric patients, up to one year of age with esophageal atresia without a tracheoesophageal fistula (TEF), or in pediatric patients up to one year of age for whom a concurrent TEF has been closed as a result of a prior procedure. The effectiveness of this device for this use has not been demonstrated.
Data supporting the safety and probable benefit of the Flourish device include results from 16 patients who had the Flourish device placed. In the limited data provided, all 16 infants had a successful joining of their esophagus, with no remaining gap, within three to 10 days after receiving the device. However, 14 of the 16 patients developed a complication that caused a narrowing in their esophagus (anastomotic stricture). Thirteen of sixteen (13/16) patients required balloon dilation,and /or stent placement to widen or keep the anastomosis patent. One of sixteen (1/16) required surgical re-anastomosis due to unsuccessful dilation efforts. Anastomotic strictures also occur from traditional surgery to repair the condition.
The Flourish device should not be used in patients older than one year, or who have teeth, which may damage the oral catheter. This device should not be used for the creation of an anastomosis other than in the esophagus, in patients without an established and appropriately sized gastrostomy tract, or in patients having gastrostomy site signs of significant infection. Potential procedural complications include ulceration or tissue irritation around the gastric catheter or gum irritation due to pressure from the oral catheter.
Potential late complications following successful anastomosis include gastroesophageal reflux, tracheomalacia, esophageal dysmotility, recurrent asthma, and pulmonary infections.
About Cook Medical
Since 1963 Cook Medical has worked closely with clinicians to develop technologies that eliminate the need for open surgery. Today we are combining medical devices, biologic materials and cellular therapies to help the world's healthcare systems deliver better outcomes more efficiently. We have always remained family owned so that we have the freedom to focus on what we care about: patients, our employees and our communities. Find out more at cookmedical.com, and for the latest news, follow us on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006022/en/
CONTACT: Cook Medical
Marsha Lovejoy - Manager, Global External Corporate Communications
812-320-6903 (mobile)
812-339-2235, ext. 10-2750 (office)
marsha.lovejoy@cookmedical.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA INDIANA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: SURGERY HEALTH HOSPITALS MEDICAL DEVICES OTHER HEALTH GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE: Cook Medical
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 11:25 AM/DISC: 05/30/2018 11:25 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006022/en
#SpeakingInDance is a weekly visual exploration of dance on Instagram. Watch the video from our most recent post below, and follow us at @nytimes.
The event marked the 60th anniversary of the landing of the Granma yacht which brought the Castro brothers and their bearded rebels from Mexico to Cuba to start their revolution against a U.S.-backed dictatorship.
Troops wielding automatic rifles marched in lock step behind a replica of the Granma on Monday, followed by a sea of banner- and flag-waving Cubans, many bussed in and organized through their workplaces and neighborhoods.
"This is an important message of unity and strength," said Rene Lazo, 66, who, like most, got up well before the crack of dawn to participate in the parade.
"This is going to be a difficult year but we will keep working hard to bring our people forwards".
Communist-ruled Cuba fell into an economic recession in the second half of last year, its first since the collapse of the Soviet Union a quarter century ago, as its strategic ally Venezuela floundered.
Meanwhile its historic detente with the United States came under threat with the election of Donald Trump as President. Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, has said he would unravel attempts to normalize relations unless he gets a “better deal".
All this is taking place as Cuba is also coming to terms with the loss of its revolutionary leader, Fidel Castro. While "El Comandante" had handed the presidency over to his younger brother Raul in 2008, he remained a key figurehead.
Some of those marching held up images of Castro or banners reading "We are Fidel". While the parade normally takes place every five years on Dec. 2, it was postponed a month due to his death in late November.
"He may not be present physically but he is in all our hearts," said Natalia Gonzales, who had painted "I am Fidel" on the foreheads of her three grandchildren.
Raul Castro and his family watched and waved at those marching from the foot of the towering monument to independence hero Jose Marti in the center of the square.
The mood on Monday was of defiance although many Cubans said they hoped there would not be a return of Cold War-era politics.
"We are braced for conflict with the USA, we always have been," said 70-year-old Marcial Garcia. "But I hope Trump will instead follow the path ... towards normalization."
Trump's threat to gradual and still fragile detente could not come at a worse time for Cuba.
A tourism boom in part sparked by looser travel restrictions on Americans failed last year to offset dwindling oil shipments from Venezuela and less cash for Cuban doctors and other professionals working overseas.
"Everything is just very uncertain at the moment, so there's more propaganda," said Antonio Sosa, 50, an engineer who chose not to attend the parade. "You don't see news on the news broadcast anymore, just speeches Fidel gave 30 years ago."
If you're heading to a dinner or party over the holidays, Erin Nadler of Better Styled has some great ideas so you don't go empty-handed.
Follow-on Instagram & Facebook
Should come as no surprise that John McDonnell's PPS, the new Labour MP Karen Lee, is a fan of a mass-murdering dictator who put homosexuals in concentration camps. Meanwhile, after Corbynistas spent the last two weeks trying in vain to distance Jez from the thugs in Venezuela, the geniuses at the Morning Star write “Corbyn is our Chavez”.
Morning Star gets it right shock…
ATLANTA (AP) — Kemba Walker sank a career-high nine 3-pointers and scored 38 points, leading the Charlotte Hornets to a dominant 123-110 win over the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday night.
Charlotte never trailed while building double-digit leads in each half.
Dwight Howard had 20 points and 12 rebounds in his first return to Atlanta after his one season with his hometown Hawks. It was Howard's second double-double in less than a week against the Hawks. He had 18 points and 15 rebounds in Charlotte's 121-110 win over the Hawks on Friday.
Nicolas Batum had 10 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists for Charlotte.
Walker had 18 points in the third quarter as the Hornets withstood the Hawks' rally. Charlotte's biggest lead in the first half was 15 points, last held at 62-47. Kent Bazemore had 12 of his 25 points in the third quarter to help Atlanta cut into the deficit.
Dennis Schroder's basket shrunk the Hornets' lead to 77-76. Walker answered with a 3-pointer that started his scoring streak that carried through the end of the third period.
The Hornets' lead was back to 13 points entering the fourth.
The win was already decided when Howard added powerful jams over Ersan Ilyasova and Mike Muscala in the fourth.
Official Eric Lewis called an unusual technical foul on Hawks coach Mike Budenholzer in the second quarter. Budenholzer complained when no foul was called as Bazemore had his shot denied. Budenholzer had no more to say when the action moved to the other end of the floor, where Batum scored. Lewis then called the technical foul on Budenholzer, who reacted with shock, and another technical foul on Bazemore.
TIP-INS
Hornets: F Marvin Williams (left ankle sprain) was held out. X-rays were negative after he left the fourth quarter of Monday night's loss to Indiana. Frank Kaminsky started for Williams, who may miss another game. ... The Hornets wore their black "Buzz City" alternate uniforms. ... Charlotte has won the first three games of the four-game season series.
Hawks: Schroder had his right shoulder wrapped as he sat on the bench at the end of the third quarter, but he returned about four minutes into the final period and had 13 points and nine assists. ... Budenholzer said F DeAndre Bembry (left abductor strain) was making progress but there was no change in his status. ... Muscala started the second half instead of Miles Plumlee and hit a 3-pointer on the team's first possession following the break. ... Marco Belinelli, who had 22 points, made his first four 3-pointers before three misses.
HOWARD'S HOMECOMING
During the first timeout, fans had a mixed reaction to a tribute to Howard. There were boos and some cheers when the Hawks posted an image of Howard on the video board with the message "Thanks for being true to Atlanta." There was another mixed reaction when the PA announcer urged fans to "give it up for Dwight Howard."
There were a few boos during Howard's pregame introduction.
UP NEXT
Hornets: Host Indiana on Friday night.
Hawks: Visit Boston on Friday night.
___
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
WASHINGTON (AP) — Don't expect designer babies any time soon — but a major new ethics report leaves open the possibility of one day altering human heredity to fight genetic diseases, with stringent oversight, using new tools that precisely edit genes inside living cells.
What's called genome editing already is transforming biological research, and being used to develop treatments for patients struggling with a range of diseases.
The science is nowhere near ready for a huge next step that raises ethical questions — altering sperm, eggs or embryos so that babies don't inherit a disease that runs in the family, says a report Tuesday from the National Academy of Sciences and National Academy of Medicine.
But if scientists learn how to safely pass alterations of the genetic code to future generations, the panel said "germline" editing could be attempted under strict criteria, including that it targets a serious disease with no reasonable alternative and is conducted under rigorous oversight.
"Caution is absolutely needed, but being cautious does not mean prohibition," said bioethicist R. Alta Charo of the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
"This committee is not saying we will or should do germline — heritable — editing. What we are saying is that we can identify a set of strict conditions under which it would be permissible to do it," Charo added. "But we are far, far away from being ready to try."
Genome editing should not go beyond healing the sick and enhance traits such as physical strength, what's commonly called "designer babies," the panel stressed.
But the public should get involved in these debates now, to say what might one day be acceptable.
The long-awaited report offers advice — the prestigious academies cannot set policy. But it is considered a step toward creating international norms for responsible development of this powerful technology. The U.S. National Academies and its counterparts in Britain and China have been holding international meetings with the hope of doing just that.
"Genome editing is a new tool for gene therapy and it has tremendous promise," Charo said. But, she added, it has to be pursued in a way that promotes well-being and is responsible, respectful and fair.
Genome editing is essentially a biological version of cut-and-paste software, allowing scientists to turn genes on or off, repair or modify them inside living cells. There are a few older methods but one with the wonky name CRISPR-Cas9 is so much faster, cheaper and simpler to use that it has spurred an explosion of research.
Under development are ways to treat a range of diseases from sickle cell and hemophilia to cancer. In lab experiments using human cells or animals engineered with humanlike
e disorders, scientists are unraveling how gene defects fuel disease — and are even trying to grow transplantable human organs inside pigs.
That kind of research is very promising, is adequately regulated today and should continue at full speed, the National Academies panel concluded.
When it comes to the more sci fi-sounding uses, it's quite possible scientists will learn how to perform germline editing in five to 10 years, said panel co-chair Richard Hynes of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Safety is one reason for caution, he said, as scientists will have to learn whether editing one gene has unwanted downstream effects.
Some critics argue that families plagued by inherited diseases already have other alternatives — adopt, use donated eggs, or undergo in vitro fertilization and discard resulting embryos that inherit the bad gene. But Charo noted that sometimes parents carry two copies of a lethal gene, guaranteeing any children inherit it. Others oppose the discarding of embryos for religious reasons.
For some families, "you can see there would be strong arguments for doing it" if the other criteria are met, said Robin Lovell-Badge of Britain's Francis Crick Institute.
Some countries prohibit any germline editing research. Others, such as Britain, allow laboratory research with genome editing in embryos, not for pregnancy but to understand human development.
In the U.S., scientists can perform laboratory embryo research only with private, not government, funding. Any attempt at pregnancy would require permission from the Food and Drug Administration, which is currently prohibited from using federal funds to review any such request.
"The bottom line is there is no planetary government with enforcement power," Charo noted Tuesday.
Switching from a carburetor to electronic fuel injection has never been easier, thanks in part to products like this drop-in module from Holley. It is a fuel pump, pickup, pressure regulator, and fuel level sender all in a compact unit that fits through the stock pick-up opening in your original, non-baffled gas tank. Holley's innovative HydraMat acts as the fuel pickup and eliminates the need for baffling in your gas tank. HydraMat needs only to be in partial contact with gasoline, and it wicks it up like a thirsty camel. A 58 psi fuel pressure regulator is positioned just above the 255lph fuel pump. Excess fuel is bled off through the regulator, so there's no need for an external return fuel line. Installation is as simple as removing you stock sender, dropping the new Tank Module in, supplying power and ground, and using high-pressure fuel hose to connect to your car's stock fuel line. With retail pricing at about $360, it's much less expensive than an EFI-conversion gas tank, and applications are available for GM A-body and first and second generation F-body, with many more to follow.
March 20 marks the first day of astronomical spring, the spring we recognize most. However, in 2018 meteorological spring begins March 1.The reason for the different dates has to do with both weather and the position of the earth. Astronomical seasons are based on earth's position in relation to the sun, while meteorological seasons are based on the annual temperature cycle.Meteorological spring consists of three months: March, April and May. This creates consistent lengths of seasons, making it easier to calculate seasonal statistics.
Has your young child ever asked you a question you just can't answer? You're not alone - nearly half of parents admit they often struggle to answer their youngster's tricky questions.
So what's the solution? Around 50% of parents confess to turning to the internet in the hope of finding an answer, while a third just make it up. The survey, by Argos' Chad Valley Toys, found children under six ask an average 73 questions a day - meaning a lot of Googling and on-the-spot answers for mums and dads!
Child psychologist Dr Sam Wass, from Channel 4's The Secret Life Of 4/5/6 Year Olds, says: "As children grow up, it's natural to be curious about the world around them, and as parents, it's easy to forget just how much of our children's knowledge comes from what we tell them.
"Using educational and visual aids, such as toys, can help soften the difficulty of broaching trickier subjects," he advises. "Familiar items can often help children's understanding."
To help parents withstand the daily question onslaught a little more easily, Dr Wass has come up with some handy replies for some of the toughest queries.
Here's how to answer nine of the most challenging kids' questions...
1. Is Father Christmas real?
On this question, you're often playing catch-up to what they've heard in the playground. "So much of childhood is losing its innocence, so we try to keep hold of what we can," says Dr Wass.
Ask them what they think, and if they suggest reasons Father Christmas is or isn't real, discuss these with them - and perhaps ask how mummy and daddy could possibly afford all their presents if Father Christmas didn't provide them.
2. Why do people die?
It can be tempting to soften the truth about death with a child. But telling them something like, 'Granny went to sleep', can backfire and cause more confusion later.
Often, grasping death in the context of nature can help: Compare a person's life to a tree's leaves, which bloom in the spring, then change colour and eventually die in the autumn. Or through animals dying, which for many children is their first experience of death.
If someone close dies, perhaps say something like: 'Granny was very old and sick. She doesn't talk or eat or breathe any more, and we won't see her again. But the love we had for her will stay with us forever.'
3. Where did I come from?
For many children, 'from mummy's tummy' is an answer that satisfies them for years.
If they ask, 'How did I get into mummy's tummy?', go for something like: 'Daddy has seeds inside him called sperm. Mummy has eggs inside her instead. When grown-ups make a baby, the sperm from daddy needs to get to mummy's womb, so one can join up with the egg and fertilise it. That's the start of a new baby.'
4. What is God?
Don't be afraid to tell your child what you, personally, believe is the answer. It can also help to explain that different people have very different opinions on whether God exists, and, if so, what God is like.
5. What does 'we can't afford it' mean?
The answer depends on the age of the child. For an older child, this can be an opportunity to discuss why some people have more money than others. But for a younger child, it might be better to teach about budgeting, and planning, their resources. Tell them everybody has to decide what they most want, and has to save their money for important things.
6. Why do I have to go to school?
If your child asks this question a lot, try to find out why. If they just ask once, say school helps them practise using their brain, and make them aware of what they can use their brain for. Remind your child that mummy and/or daddy also have to go to work, to use their brain and earn money.
7. When you die who will I live with?
Reassure your child that it's very unlikely you're going to die soon, but tell them what would happen to them if you did, and that they'd live with someone they loved and trusted.
8. Why is the sky blue?
You need to know a bit of basic science for this one: Light from the sun looks white, but it's made from all the colours of the rainbow. The light travels in waves of different lengths, which are reflected off tiny bits of dust and other very small particles in the earth's atmosphere. Because blue light waves are shorter, they're more likely to hit the dust and other particles, and get reflected down to earth, making the sky look blue.
9. Why can't I stay up as late as you?
My instinct would be to use this an opportunity to teach a child about sleep.
Explain that sleep lets our bodies and brains rest, and when we're asleep and lying flat, our bones can grow. Because adults have stopped growing, children need more sleep than them.
Plus, when we sleep, our brains tidy themselves up and reorganise what we've learned during the day.
Children are learning new things very fast. For example, the average child learns 10 new words a day. Adults don't learn so fast, because they already know their words.
Summertime will soon be upon us. If you're at least 16 years old and looking for part-time or seasonal work, Johnson City Parks and Rec may have a job suited for you! Sam Miller and David Carmichael are here this morning to tell us more about a job fair taking place next week.
Advertisement
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Marreese Speights scored 21 points in his second start of the season, Evan Fournier added 19 and the Orlando Magic ran away from the Los Angeles Lakers in the third quarter Wednesday night for a 127-105 victory.
Winning for only the fourth time in 24 games, the Magic made a franchise-record nine 3s in a 43-point third period, their highest-scoring quarter of the season. They shot 18 for 32 (56 percent) from behind the arc in the game.
With 15 points and six assists, Elfrid Payton was one of seven players to score in double figures for the Magic (15-35).
Julius Randle and Jordan Clarkson scored 20 each for the Lakers, who never led after the first quarter.
When Payton's three-point play gave the Magic a 66-53 lead 93 seconds into the third, Lakers coach Luke Walton yanked all five of his starters out of the game. But the Lakers (19-31) never again got the margin under 11.
Mario Hezonja hit a 3-pointer, Fournier quickly followed with two more and Jonathon Simmons added two more 3s to help the Magic finish the period on a 22-13 run for a 20-point lead.
They led by 29 early in the fourth.
The Lakers, who had won eight of 11, were down by 12 when three straight baskets by Clarkson got them back in the game midway through the second.
Speights scored Orlando's final 10 points of the half, including a couple of 3-pointers, to leave the Magic with a 58-51 halftime lead.
TIP-INS
Lakers: It was Clarkson's sixth straight game of 15 or more points. ... Rookie G Lonzo Ball missed his eighth straight game with a sore left knee. ... The Lakers, the worst 3-point shooting team in the NBA, went 4 of 20 from long range.
Magic: F Aaron Gordon missed a second straight game (his 11th of the season) with a strained left hip flexor. ... The Magic shot 54 percent.
UP NEXT
Lakers: Play at Brooklyn on Friday night, the fourth stop on a five-game road trip.
Magic: Home on Saturday night against Washington.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
PRINCETON, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Advaxis, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADXS), a late-stage biotechnology company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of immunotherapy products, today announced that Kenneth A. Berlin has been appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer, effective April 23, 2018, and will also serve as a Director of the company. Interim CEO Anthony Lombardo will remain with Advaxis for a period of time to ensure a smooth transition to Mr. Berlin.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005211/en/
Kenneth A. Berlin, President, CEO and Director of Advaxis, Inc. (Photo: Business Wire)
In addition, Andres A. Gutierrez, M.D., Ph.D. has been named Executive Vice President, Chief Medical Officer, effective April 23, 2018. Advaxis also announced that CFO Sara Bonstein will be leaving the company as of April 30, 2018 to pursue a new professional opportunity. The Company is actively engaged in the search for a new CFO, and will announce an interim appointment shortly.
“After a comprehensive and methodical search, we are very pleased to announce that Ken Berlin has agreed to join Advaxis as President and CEO, and that Dr. Andres Gutierrez is joining our team as CMO. Both of these executives are eminently qualified for their new positions, and we expect to benefit greatly from their expertise. Under their leadership, we look to the future of the company with excitement and confidence,” stated David Sidransky, M.D., Chairman of the Board. “On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to sincerely thank Sara Bonstein and Anthony Lombardo for their valued service to the company as CFO and interim CEO, respectively, and extend best wishes to both of them.”
Mr. Berlin joins Advaxis from Rosetta Genomics, where since 2009 he was President and Chief Executive Officer. During his tenure at Rosetta, Mr. Berlin spearheaded the effort of repositioning the company for commercial success with various microRNA-based oncology diagnostic products and raised nearly $100 million in capital to fund these efforts. Prior to Rosetta Genomics, Mr. Berlin was Worldwide General Manager at cellular and molecular cancer diagnostics developer Veridex, LLC, a Johnson & Johnson company. At Veridex he grew the organization to over 100 employees, launched three cancer diagnostic products, led the acquisition of its cellular diagnostics partner, and delivered significant growth in sales as Veridex transitioned from an R&D entity to a commercial provider of oncology diagnostic products and services. During Mr. Berlin's tenure, Veridex received numerous awards including recognition from the Cleveland Clinic and Prix Galien for the use of its innovative CellSearch® technology in the fight against cancer.
Mr. Berlin joined Johnson & Johnson in 1994 and served as corporate counsel for six years. He led and participated on the legal team that oversaw several mergers, acquisitions, divestitures and commercial transactions. He then held positions of increasing responsibility within Johnson & Johnson and a number of its subsidiary companies. From 2001 until 2004 he served as Vice President, Licensing and New Business Development in the pharmaceuticals group, and from 2004 until 2007 served as Worldwide Vice President, Franchise Development, Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics. He has been responsible for numerous licensing and/or research collaboration deals in oncology, metabolic disease, cardiovascular disease, CNS and women's health, including the ex-U.S. license to Millennium Pharmaceutical's VELCADE, a first-in-class, oncology therapeutic with peak reported sales outside the U.S. of approximately $1.8 billion.
“Ken brings to Advaxis a truly valuable combination of executive leadership experience with large and small, development-stage and commercial companies with a particular expertise in oncology. He has a proven ability to raise capital, launch products, achieve rapid sales growth, build businesses and complete strategic M&A and licensing transactions. We are fortunate to have Ken as our new chief executive,” commented Dr. Sidransky.
“The opportunity to join Advaxis at such a pivotal and active time is very exciting,” stated Mr. Berlin. “I look forward to building on the company's strong foundations and to maximize the value of our Lm -based platform technology worldwide and in multiple indications.”
Mr. Berlin holds an A.B. degree from Princeton University and a J.D. from the University of California Los Angeles School of Law.
Dr. Gutierrez will be responsible for all global clinical development and regulatory initiatives for Advaxis' novel Lm -based antigen delivery platform. He has more than 25 years of experience in clinical oncology and drug development and joins Advaxis from Oncolytics Biotech, Inc., where he served as Chief Medical Officer. Prior to Oncolytics, Dr. Gutierrez was Chief Medical Officer at SELLAS Life Sciences Group and was Medical Director, Early Development Immuno-Oncology at Bristol-Myers Squibb, where he oversaw the development of translational and clinical development of immuno-oncology programs in solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Earlier, Dr. Gutierrez was a Medical Director for several biotechnology companies including Sunesis Pharmaceuticals, BioMarin Pharmaceutical, Proteolix and Oculus Innovative Sciences, leading key programs with talazoparib and carfilzomib, among others . Prior to Oculus, he served as Director of the Gene & Cell Therapy Unit at the National Institutes of Health in Mexico City and as a consultant physician at the Hospital Angeles del Pedregal.
“We are delighted to welcome Dr. Gutierrez to Advaxis and are confident he will be a valuable addition to our executive team. He is an accomplished leader and physician with a track record of success in developing novel oncology drugs, putting patients first and delivering results,” said Dr. Sidransky. “Dr. Gutierrez has played a key role in the advancement of clinical trials in all stages of development, through to drug approvals. We look forward to benefitting from his expertise in oncology drug development as he leads the clinical development of our immune-oncology platform.”
“I am excited to be joining Advaxis at this important time in the company's evolution with multiple clinical programs planned and underway, and look forward to contributing to the impressive progress made to date by the Advaxis team in advancing its innovative Lm -based antigen delivery technology across a number of important cancer indications,” said Dr. Gutierrez. “Advaxis has a promising future as we continue to accelerate the development of our pipeline and bring innovative new medicines to patients.”
Dr. Gutierrez received his M.D. and a Ph.D. in biomedical science from the National University of Mexico, with board certification in internal medicine and a fellowship in clinical oncology at the Hammersmith Hospital in London. He has presented clinical data at more than 85 scientific and medical meetings, has written numerous peer-reviewed articles, is a contributing author on nine medical textbooks and is named on 20 patents relating to drug development.
About Advaxis, Inc.
Advaxis, Inc. is a late-stage biotechnology company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary Lm -based antigen delivery products. These immunotherapies are based on a platform technology that utilizes live attenuated Listeria monocytogenes ( Lm ) bioengineered to secrete antigen/adjuvant fusion proteins. This Lm -based strains are believed to be a significant advancement in immunotherapy as they integrate multiple functions into a single immunotherapy and are designed to access and direct antigen presenting cells to stimulate anti-tumor T cell immunity, activate the immune system with the equivalent of multiple adjuvants, and simultaneously reduce tumor protection in the tumor microenvironment to enable the T cells to eliminate tumors. Advaxis has four franchises in various stages of clinical and preclinical development: HPV-associated cancers, neoantigen therapy, hotspot/ cancer antigens and prostate cancer.
To learn more about Advaxis, visit www.advaxis.com and connect on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, and YouTube.
Advaxis Forward-Looking Statement
This press release contains forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements regarding Advaxis' ability to develop and commercialize the next generation of cancer immunotherapies, and the safety and efficacy of Advaxis' proprietary immunotherapies. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks including the risk factors set forth from time to time in Advaxis' SEC filings including, but not limited to, its report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2017, and on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2018, which are available at www.sec.gov.
Any forward-looking statements set forth in this presentation speak only as of the date of this presentation. We do not intend to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date hereof other than as required by law. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005211/en/
CONTACT: Advaxis, Inc.
Noelle Heber, 609-250-7575
Sr. Director Corporate Communications and Government Affairs
Heber@advaxis.com
or
Investors:
LHA Investor Relations
Miriam Weber Miller, 212-838-3777
mmiller@lhai.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA NEW JERSEY
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH BIOTECHNOLOGY CLINICAL TRIALS ONCOLOGY PHARMACEUTICAL
SOURCE: Advaxis, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005211/en
OAKLAND, Calif. — Veterans Mike Callahan and Ken Mauer, along with first-timer David Guthrie, are among the 12 referees who have been selected to work the NBA Finals.
The league announced the group Wednesday.
Callahan has worked 19 games in the Finals and Mauer has worked 18. This will be the 15th Finals appearance for Callahan and the 13th for Mauer.
Other referees who will be on the floor during the Golden State-Cleveland series that starts Thursday are Tony Brothers, James Capers, Marc Davis, Scott Foster, John Goble, Ed Malloy, Jason Phillips, Derrick Stafford and Zach Zarba.
A top cybersecurity firm says it has identified a previously unknown group of Russian-speaking hackers who have allegedly stolen at least $10 million from U.S. and Russian banks over the past year and a half.
The group, named the "The Money Takers" after a software tool they use, allegedly targeted banks across the United States, breaking into at least 15 lenders in Utah, New York and California, and also stole at least $3 million from Russian banks, according to a report from the Moscow-based cybersecurity firm IB-Group obtained by ABC News.
The group also stole materials indicating it may be preparing to mount fresh attacks on institutions in Latin America, the report said, and could be trying to breach the Swift international banking messaging system that carries a huge number of the world's financial transactions.
Beginning in May 2016, the group mostly targeted card payment systems belonging to small community banks in the U.S., before then striking a transfer system used between Russian banks, IB-Group said. The hackers focused on small U.S. banks with fewer resources to put into cyber defenses, according to the report, succeeding in stealing an average of $500,000 from each.
Having broken into the banks' card payments systems, the hackers would open accounts and remove withdrawal limits on legitimate cards, according to details in the report. So-called 'mules'-- criminals with the cards -- would then go to an ATM and take out money, IB-Group said.
In a statement, First Data said that a number of small financial institutions operating on the STAR network had had their credentials breached for administering debit cards earlier in 2016, leading First Data to implement new mandatory security controls. It said the STAR network was never itself breached.
The Money Takers also attacked the servers of Russia's AWS CBR interbank transfer system -- a Russian system similar to Swift linked to Russia's Central Bank -- according to IB-group. The criminals succeeded in breaking into an unnamed Russian bank by first gaining access to the home computer of the bank's system administrator, according to the cybersecurity researchers, IB-Group says. They then took control of the bank's AWS CBR system to make payments to themselves. IB Group named the hackers after the tool used in this attack, MoneyTaker V.5.
The scheme allowed the hackers to steal about $1.3 million through attacks in Russia. This autumn, the ring tried again to compromise the same bank transfer system, but were thwarted from stealing any money.
Russia's government hacking programs, as well as the suspected collaboration between the country's intelligence services and its cyber criminals, have attracted intense attention since allegations that Moscow used cyberattacks to try to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Russia has also suffered an increasing amount of serious cyberattacks, most recently with the "Bad Rabbit" ransomware virus that hit Russia and Ukraine last month, at one point crippling Russia's largest independent newswire, Interfax, that also carries financial news.
IB-Group, which says it has one of the largest forensics computer laboratories in eastern Europe, said that the Money Takers also reflected a broader trend of cyber criminals increasingly targeting banks instead of their clients, as improved security makes fraud against individual customers less profitable.
"What we see in recent years is for targeted attack groups to actually target the bank itself, rather than the client of the bank," Nick Palmer, director of International Sales at IB-Group told ABC News in an email. "As tools to defend against common malware and other types of fraud which target banking customers get better, the return on investment becomes lower."
Criminals are looking more often for larger pay-off from one-off hits.
Palmer's colleague, Tim Bobak, from IB-Group's threat intelligence outreach unit, added, "Its easier to steal 5 million once than 1,000 [dollars], 5,000 times."
The Money Takers used unusually sophisticated malware to conceal their attacks, according to IB-Group. The ring employed so-called fileless malware that exists only on a computer's temporary memory that is deleted when it reboots, making it hard to detect. The hackers also further hid their break-ins with malware that generated encryption certificates from well-known brand names, such as Bank of America and Yahoo.
So far, IB-Group said it had not found any indication that the Money Takers had succeeded in breaking into SWIFT, but warned that it expected the group would likely try to compromise it at some point.
While carrying out their attacks, the ring sought out internal documents within the banks' systems, including those relating to the SWIFT system, the IB-Group report said. In particular, the hackers stole documents on a product used in money transfers, called FedLink, that has 200 customers in Latin America, IB-Group noted.
"We assume that banks in Latin America may become the next target of this group," the report read.
In an October statement, Reuters reported, SWIFT said hackers were still attempting to breach its system but that increased security measures taken last year had thwarted the attempts.
The extent of the Money Taker's activity is still unknown, the report continued, and the cyber-security firm believes there are more attacks it has not uncovered.
SALT LAKE CITY--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Biovation Labs today announced that Ashantai Yungai has joined the natural products and supplement contract manufacturer as the new Quality and Compliance Manager.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005159/en/
Contract manufacturer Biovation Labs has named Ashantai Yungai as its new Quality and Compliance Manager.
“Quality and compliance are at the heart of our operations and, in fact, our entire business model,” said Justin Bath, President of Biovation Labs. “Ashantai has a deep background in helping ensure process, people and equipment are all aligned to meet the stringent demands we face from regulators, clients, consumers and our own high standards of quality. As a contract manufacturer, quality is paramount, and Ashantai is highly qualified to bring continual improvement and excellence at every stage of the supplement manufacturing process.”
Yungai's background is in chemistry. Prior to Biovation Labs, he was a synthetic organic chemist at Myriad Pharmaceuticals, which then became Myrexis Pharmaceuticals. He worked on creating drugs in hopes of alleviating diseases disorders such as Alzheimer's, HIV and cancer. His chemistry background has also been utilized in analytical testing, running tests such auto titration and loss on drying (LOD), and LC instrumentation at companies such as Reckitt Benckiser (RB) and Teva Pharmaceuticals. While at Teva, he transitioned into quality assurance in 2016. He began specializing in quality assurance and documentation accuracy and quality. Working as peer review he was responsible for compiling research and data, and ensuring accuracy and completeness for legal and regulatory compliance.
Yungai received his Bachelor of Science degree from Dillard University in New Orleans. He received his Master of Science degree from the University of Utah.
“Biovation Labs is setting new standards of innovation and quality in the nutraceutical and supplement contract manufacturing space,” Yungai said. “As the Quality and Compliance Manager, I look forward to sustaining this standard of excellence, and serving the wide variety of clientele that turn to Biovation Labs to rapidly and accurately meet their manufacturing needs.”
About Biovation Labs
Biovation Labs is a nationally leading, cutting edge contract manufacturing, formulation, private label and supplier company within the $141 billion Natural Products industry. It works within the life science space, manufacturing products for supplement and nutraceutical companies worldwide. In January 2018, the company moved into its new 104,000 square-foot corporate headquarters, which houses a state-of-the-art, high capacity manufacturing facility, serving the needs of both large and early-stage companies. Biovation Labs is a cGMP certified, NSF and FDA registered manufacturing facility. For more information visit www.biovationlabs.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005159/en/
CONTACT: Springboard5
Tim Rush, 801-208-1100
tim.rush@springboard5.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA UTAH
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH ALTERNATIVE MEDICINE FITNESS & NUTRITION PHARMACEUTICAL MANUFACTURING OTHER MANUFACTURING NATURAL RESOURCES AGRICULTURE GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE: Biovation Labs
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 10:00 AM/DISC: 05/30/2018 10:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005159/en
(WJHL) – Tax Day is this Tuesday and Offers.com has rounded up a list of the best deals available to all tomorrow in celebration or mourning or filing your taxes.
Note: the following are national offers, contact local stores and restaurants to see if they are participating in the promotion. Here's the list:
Food and Drink Offers
Retail Offers
Travel & Service Offers
Interested in Puerto Rico? Add Puerto Rico as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Puerto Rico news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Generators are still humming. Candles are still flickering. Homes are still being repaired.
Puerto Rico was hit by Hurricane Maria exactly six months ago, and the U.S. territory is still struggling to recover from the strongest storm to hit the island in nearly a century.
"There are a lot of people with needs," said Levid Ortiz, operating director of PR4PR, a local nonprofit that helps impoverished communities across the island. "It shouldn't be like this. We should already be back on our feet."
Some 250 Puerto Ricans formed a line around him on a recent weekday, standing for more than two hours to receive bottles of water and a box of food at a public basketball court in the mountain town of Corozal. Many of those waiting were still without power, including 23-year-old Keishla Quiles, a single mother with a 4-year-old son who still buys ice every day to fill a cooler to keep milk and other goods cold amid rising temperatures.
"Since we're a family of few resources, we have not been able to afford a generator," she said. "It's been hard living like this."
Crews already have restored water to 99 percent of clients and power to 93 percent of customers, but more than 100,000 of them still remain in the dark. Justo Gonzalez, interim director for Puerto Rico's Electric Power Authority, said he expects the entire island to have power by May, eight months after the Category 4 storm destroyed two-thirds of the island's power distribution system — and just as the 2018 Atlantic hurricane season is about to start.
Gonzalez also pledged to inspect dozens of wooden and cement poles still leaning haphazardly across the island after a wooden telephone pole fell on a car. It killed an elderly couple on Sunday as they returned from a town fair in the mountains of western Puerto Rico. The deaths of Luis Beltran, 62, and Rosa Bosque, 60, have angered Puerto Ricans and raised concerns about the safety of people as they recover from the hurricane.
"It worries me because ... it can happen anywhere," Mayor Edwin Soto told The Associated Press, adding that crews were going to inspect poles across the mountain town of Las Marias to ensure they are in good condition.
Beltran's youngest sister, Migdalia Beltran, said her brother was living in New Jersey when Hurricane Maria hit, but that he moved back three months ago to be with family.
"He was No. 1," she said as her voice cracked and she began to cry. "He was the one who gave me support to keep going."
The storm caused an estimated $100 billion in damage, killed dozens of people and damaged or destroyed nearly 400,000 homes, according to Puerto Rico's government.
In the six months since the hurricane, more than 135,000 people have fled to the U.S. mainland, according to a recent estimate by the Center for Puerto Rican Studies at Hunter College in New York.
More than 40 percent of them settled in Florida, followed by Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York and Pennsylvania, the study found.
Meanwhile, those who stayed behind say they need more help.
The AP recently found that of the $23 billion pledged for Puerto Rico, only $1.27 billion for a nutritional assistance program has been disbursed, along with more than $430 million to repair public infrastructure. The U.S. Federal Emergency Management Administration also has spent more than $6 billion from its standing emergency fund.
Meanwhile, the U.S. House Committee on Natural Resources issued a letter on Friday demanding that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers explain why it is reducing the number of crews helping restore power when there are still people who remain in the dark.
"While we recognize that much progress has been made in restoring power to the majority of customers, the job is not done," the letter stated.
It was a big night Sunday for Fifth Harmony at the 2017 Teen Choice awards. The group took home surfboards in the categories of Choice music group and Choice summer group. Their latest single, "Down" with Gucci Mane, was awarded Choice song: Group; and their fans, the Harmonizers, were honored as choice fandom.
Speaking to the crowd at the University of Southern California's Galen Center, group member Lauren Jauregui evoked the violent clashes with white supremacists in Charlottesville, North Carolina that left three dead over the weekend. "In light of recent events we just wanted to say to all of the young ones at home watching: no matter who you are, where you come from or what you look like, you are beautiful and you are important, so keep spreading love and positivity, all right?" she said.
Bruno Mars received the visionary award. Mars, who is on tour, sent a video acceptance message, but used the occasion to announce the release of a new video for his song "Versace on the Floor," featuring Zendaya. The video was immediately made available on Bruno's YouTube channel.
Members of Maroon 5 were on hand to accept the Decade Award. Adam Levine joked about receiving a Teen Choice Award despite being 38, though he noted that he and guitarist James Valentine looked pretty good for 38. He also teased the crowd announcing, "Our sixth and final album is coming out in November," adding, "I'm just kidding, just kidding. Man, I'm joking. We are never gonna go away."
Non-musical award winner, Zendaya, also got political during her acceptance speech for Choice summer movie actress for her performance in Spider-Man: Homecoming. "With all the injustice and the hatred and everything that's happening not only in the world, but in our country, right now I need for you young people to be educated, I need you to listen, I need you to pay attention," Zendaya said. "You're the future presidents. The future senators. And you guys are the ones who are going to make this world better, so I'm just letting you know, right now, that you are the future, OK?"
Louis Tomlinson delivered the evening's final performance, delivering a smooth rendition of his single "Back to You" with Bebe Rexha.
Here are the Teen Choice 2017 winners in the music categories:
Choice Male Artist (#ChoiceMaleArtist) Harry Styles
Choice Female Artist (#ChoiceFemaleArtist) Ariana Grande
Choice Music Group (#ChoiceMusicGroup) Fifth Harmony
Choice Country Artist (#ChoiceCountryArtist) Carrie Underwood
Choice Electronic/Dance Artist (#ChoiceElectronicDanceArtist) Calvin Harris
Choice Latin Artist (#ChoiceLatinArtist) CNCO
Choice R&B/Hip-Hop Artist (#ChoiceRBHipHopArtist) Beyoncé
Choice Rock Artist (#ChoiceRockArtist) Harry Styles
Choice Song: Female Artist (#ChoiceSongFemaleArtist) Camila Cabello – “Crying in the Club”
Choice Song: Male Artist (#ChoiceSongMaleArtist) Niall Horan – “Slow Hands”
Choice Song: Group (#ChoiceSongGroup) Fifth Harmony (feat. Gucci Mane) – “Down”
Choice Collaboration (#ChoiceCollaboration) Steve Aoki & Louis Tomlinson – “Just Hold On”
Choice Summer Song (#ChoiceSummerSong) “Despacito” – Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee (feat. Justin Bieber)
Choice Summer Female Artist (#ChoiceSummerFemaleArtist) Camila Cabello
Choice Summer Male Artist (#ChoiceSummerMaleArtist) Shawn Mendes
Choice Summer Group (#ChoiceSummerGroup) Fifth Harmony
Choice Summer Tour (#ChoiceSummerTour) Ariana Grande – Dangerous Woman Tour
Four days after 64-year-old retiree Stephen Paddock gunned down 58 people and injured hundreds, the broken windows of the hotel suite at the Mandalay Bay Resort from which he opened fire could still be seen on Las Vegas Boulevard.
On the street, residents and tourists alike held up their phones to snap photos of the scene as they walk the famous Strip. The electronic billboards that line The Strip flash messages asking for prayers for the victims, thanking first responders and a social media tag #VegasStrong.
On Thursday, most were heading to a memorial for the victims that had sprouted at the “Welcome to Las Vegas” sign or another on the traffic median in between the Luxor and the area where the Route 91 country music concert was held. A heavy police presence remains.
Shelley Boyle, left, and Cece Navarrette sit among crosses a display of crosses near the famous Las Vegas sign on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. The memorial honors those killed during the worst mass shooting in the nation's history. (Photo by Gregory Bull, Associated Press)
Flowers and signs are left at a makeshift memorial for the victims of a mass shooting in Las Vegas, Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. (Photo by Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press)
Courtney Chang looks at a memorial for those killed in a mass shooting Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Las Vegas. A gunman opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday, Oct. 1, killing dozens and injuring hundreds. (Photo by Gregory Bull, Associated Press)
What happened Sunday, Oct. 1, in Las Vegas has become the talk of the world but to locals here, who depend on The Strip, there are lingering concerns of what this shooting might do to Las Vegas' reputation and economy.
“Visitors see the glamour, glitter and they party hard and loud and leave their litter and perhaps a little dignity behind – we never tell or judge,” said Mary Krevosh, a 60-year-old philanthropist, who has lived here for the past 15 years. “This is the real and constant Las Vegas we know all the time.”
At the Peppermill, a popular local restaurant, diners could be overheard discussing the shooting that left 59 dead including the shooter and 500 injured. Nightly memorials and praying sessions are held throughout the city.
Las Vegas has transformed from its seedy mob past and “Sin City” label, to a world-renowned entertainment destination with a popular moniker, “What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.” Southern Californians account for 27 percent of the city's 43 million visitors, according to a study prepared for the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority
“The Strip is one big house with a lot of rooms,'” Krevosh said. “The party crowd – mostly from Southern California – arrive on Thursday or Friday night for the weekend then when they leave Sunday, the conventioneers come to town until Wednesday or Thursday.”
She calls it “turn and burn.”
The violent shooting could break up or lessen the cycle.
The Las Vegas Strip is the life-blood and economic engine of Clark County, Nevada. More than 407,000 people are employed in tourism in Southern Nevada.
An Applied Analysis report released April 2017 for the city's tourism bureau showed the county collected $658 million in room tax in fiscal 2016. Part of that money – 35 percent – keeps the engine going promoting tourism, 39 percent funds education with the remaining going to the local government and a small percentage to transportation. Clark County collected $752 million in sales and use tax. The casinos are also heavily involved and fund a lot of the city's philanthropy, giving to several nonprofits and charities.
The Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority declined to comment on any potential impacts the shooting may have on the County's economy.
“The thoughts and prayers of all Las Vegas go out to the victims and their families,” Rossi Ralenkotter, president and CEO of the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority said in a statement. “This was a horrific, yet isolated, incident. At this time, it is important to allow the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police to conclude their investigation into the incident and to attend to the needs of the victims and their families.”
Aquilino Alcantara, 75, is a 20-year resident of Las Vegas and former IT employee at the United Nations in New York. He and his wife, Letitia, came out west to escape the cold temperatures.
“We were expecting this to happen,” said Alcantara of the shooting. “We always knew Las Vegas is a prime target. We were hoping it didn't happen. But it did happen.”
Alcantara, who frequently hosts guests from out of town, said Las Vegas will probably see a decline in tourism in the short term but he expects it to rebound.
“I was very proud of our law enforcement and first responders,” Alcantara said. “They responded right away. They'll make changes and make it safer for everyone.”
Alexandria Burdette, 27, held hands with strangers and prayed over the memorial near Luxor. Flowers, cards, balloons and stuffed animals decorated the area. The smell of candles wafted in the air. Pictures of some of the victims lay on the ground. Some visitors wept openly at the site.
“I think now more than ever we need more tourists to come here to show the world that we are not afraid,” said Burdette, a 6-year resident. “We want them to have fun and carry on. We'll remember what happened. We'll make it safer so they can continue to have a good time just like before.”
Krevosh wants people to know that The Strip is more than just one long street and tourists should not be deterred from visiting.
“We are more than just glitter,” she said. “We are a great city of neighbors from every country, walk of life and extraordinary talent. It's the most generous town. Las Vegas is a very safe city, a fantastic city.
“Time will soothe but not rewind the clock for us. It's now part of the fabric of Las Vegas and America.”
NEW YORK (AP) — The dirty word for describing President Donald Trump's first State of the Union address was "presidential."
That was what some Trump critics tried to put in the mind of pundits assigned to analyze Tuesday's address, urging them ahead of time not to be seduced by a smooth speech — an unusual form of "working the refs" that reflects today's divided times politically.
Since the word "presidential" didn't come up much among television's chattering class Tuesday, that effort was largely successful. Instead, the "p'' word that mostly came to mind was partisan. Pundits were no more successful finding common ground than the politicians they cover.
The US has agreed to sell $12 billion worth of American F-15 fighters to Qatar amid an ongoing diplomatic crisis between Doha and the neighbouring Gulf countries, the media reported.
“Secretary of Defence Jim Mattis met today (Wednesday) with Qatari Minister of State for Defence Affairs Khalid al-Attiyah to discuss concluding steps in finalising the Foreign Military Sales purchase of US-manufactured F-15 fighter aircraft by the State of Qatar,” Pentagon spokesman Lt. Col. Roger Cabiness told CNN.
“The $12 billion sale will give Qatar a state of the art capability and increase security cooperation and interoperability between the US and Qatar.”
“The secretary and the minister also discussed mutual security interests, including the current status of operations against IS (Islamic State), and the importance of de-escalating tensions so all partners in the Gulf region can focus on next steps in meeting common goals,” Cabiness added.
The Qatari defence ministry issued a statement Wednesday hailing the F-15 deal.
“This agreement underscores the longstanding commitment of the State of Qatar in jointly working with our friends and allies in the US,” CNN quoted al-Attiyah as saying in the statement.
He also praised the US-Qatar relationship, saying the two countries had “solidified their military cooperation by having fought together side by side for many years now in an effort to eradicate terrorism.”
The announcement comes after a week three Gulf countries — Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates — along with Egypt moved to cut off diplomatic ties with Qatar, host to the one of the Pentagon's largest military bases in the Middle East, after claiming that Doha funds terrorist groups.
More Arab and Muslim-majority African countries later joined the diplomatic blockade, even as several powers have called for resolving the crisis.
US officials Secretary of State Rex Tillerson have called for the crisis to be de-escalated and on Wednesday while appearing before the House foreign affairs committee, reports CNN.
Speaking to the House armed services committee Monday, Mattis called the diplomatic situation “very complex”, acknowledging the large US military presence and close US-Qatar military relationship.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 49 34 12 3 71 175 125 Boston 47 29 10 8 66 156 116 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Columbus 49 27 19 3 57 131 137 Pittsburgh 51 27 21 3 57 151 153 New Jersey 48 24 16 8 56 144 146 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Islanders 50 25 20 5 55 172 180 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 Carolina 49 22 19 8 52 137 154 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 49 20 23 6 46 129 156 Florida 47 19 22 6 44 132 158 Ottawa 47 15 23 9 39 124 166 Buffalo 49 14 26 9 37 114 163 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 Winnipeg 50 29 13 8 66 164 136 Nashville 47 29 11 7 65 145 123 St. Louis 51 30 18 3 63 148 130 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 San Jose 48 26 15 7 59 143 133 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 Minnesota 49 26 18 5 57 144 140 Anaheim 50 24 17 9 57 141 141 Chicago 49 23 19 7 53 146 136 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Central All-Stars vs Pacific All-Stars: Pacific 5, Central 2
Metropolitan All-Stars vs Atlantic All-Stars: Atlantic 7, Metropolitan 4
All-Star Game Final: Pacific 5, Atlantic 2
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota at Columbus, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Florida at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Boston, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Carolina, 7 p.m.
New Jersey at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Montreal at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Chicago at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Funeral for 4 girls believed to have been strangled by their mother and then burned to take place later tonight
The funeral for the mother and four daughters who were found dead in their Jerusalem apartment Sunday will take place tonight at 10:30 PM at the Har Hamenuchot [Mount of Those who are Resting] cemetery.
Police suspect that the mother strangled her daughters to death before setting fire to the room and committing suicide.
It was reported during the day that two of the bodies of the daughters showed signs of violence and that the cause of death was strangulation, not the fires. The family refused to allow an autopsy and only agreed to allow a partial examination of the bodies of the two girls to determine the cause of death.
The investigation also revealed that the mother had been undergoing psychological treatment for an extended period of time and had been taking psychotropic medication after being diagnosed as suffering from deep depression.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Washington Wizards point guard John Wall will have arthroscopic surgery on his left knee and could miss much of the rest of the regular season.
The Wizards say Wall will have the operation Wednesday in Cleveland and that a timeline would be determined after the procedure.
A person with direct knowledge of the injury said Wall could miss six to eight weeks. That person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the team did not release any estimate of the length of Wall's absence. Washington's last regular-season game is on April 11.
Wall had surgery on both of his knees before last season.
He was recently selected to his fifth NBA All-Star game. He is averaging 19.4 points and 9.3 assists this season.
___
AP Sports Writer Tom Withers in Cleveland contributed to this report.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
14:42 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Israeli diamond magnate arrested in money laundering case Read more Police detain diamond magnate Beny Steinmetz and four others on suspicion of money laundering abroad. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Egyptian authorities on Tuesday closed the Rafah border crossing between Egypt and Gaza, after opening it for three consecutive days for humanitarian cases, the Ma'an news agency reports.
It was the second time the crossing was opened in both directions since the beginning of the year.
Jarrett Stidham is officially Auburn's next starting quarterback.
The school made the announcement on Monday, ending weeks of speculation that the former Baylor quarterback was the frontrunner to start at the position ahead of last year's starter Sean White.
Auburn coach Gus Malzahn tweeted the news: "The team is excited for Jarrett and ready for the season!"
The announcement comes on the heels of Auburn's second scrimmage on Saturday.
White tweeted that he was "all in," despite not winning the starting job.
Stidham started three games as a true freshman at Baylor in 2015, completing 75 of 109 passes for 1,265 yards, 12 touchdowns and two interceptions. After the firing of coach Art Briles, Stidham announced that he was leaving the program. He attended a junior college but didn't play football last season before signing with Auburn.
The 6-foot-3, 214-pound sophomore has the accuracy and mobility to be a good fit in Malzahn's system. He earned A-Day Offensive MVP this spring in his first showcase in front of Auburn fans, completing 16 of 20 passes for 267 yards.
Auburn opens the season on Sept. 2 against Georgia Southern before traveling to defending national champion Clemson in Week 2.
The Latvian airline airBaltic and the international tour operator Tez Tour Latvija this summer season will launch two new charter flights connecting Riga with Ancona (Italy) and Patras (Greece). In addition, airBaltic and Tez Tour Latvija will continue to offer several flights a week between Riga and Antalya (Turkey), Heraklion (Greece) and Burgas (Bulgaria).
Martin Gauss, Chief Executive Officer of airBaltic: “We are delighted to continue our long-standing and successful cooperation with Tez Tour Latvija by offering people from the Baltic States wide variety of direct charter flights from Riga to sunny holiday destinations.”
Konstantins Palgovs, General Manager of Tez Tour Latvija: “Tez Tour Latvija is happy to start its 16th season. Since 2008 Tez Tour in cooperation with airBaltic have operated 23 seasonal destinations and this year we are expanding our range of destinations by adding Ancona (Italy) and Patras (Greece) to our summer 2018 charter program. We are proud that all Tez Tour passengers will be traveling with comfort on the world's most modern aircraft Bombardier CS300.”
On February 2 and February 3, 2018 Tez Tour Latvija and airBaltic will be presenting the summer season charter offer at 25th Baltic International Travel Trade Fair Balttour 2018 in Riga.
As informed previously, for the summer season of 2018 airBaltic will offer new services from Riga to Malaga (Spain), Lisbon (Portugal), Split (Croatia), Bordeaux (France), Almaty (Kazakhstan), Gdansk (Poland) as well as Sochi and Kaliningrad (both in Russia). airBaltic will also launch new direct services from Tallinn to London, Oslo and Stockholm. A complete schedule of airBaltic flights can be found on the company's homepage at www.airbaltic.com.
airBaltic serves over 60 destinations from its home base in Riga, Latvia. From every one of these locations, airBaltic offers convenient connections via Riga to its network spanning Europe, Scandinavia, CIS and the Middle East. In addition, airBaltic also offers direct flights from Tallinn and Vilnius.
airBaltic in brief:
airBaltic (AIR BALTIC CORPORATION) is the world's most punctual airline connecting the Baltic region with over 60 destinations in Europe, the Middle East, and the CIS. airBaltic is a joint stock company that was established in 1995. Its primary shareholder is the Latvian state, which holds 80.05% of the stock, while Lars Thuesen holds around 20% through his fully-owned Aircraft Leasing 1 SIA. The airBaltic fleet consists of 30 aircraft – 7 Bombardier CS300, 11 Boeing 737 and 12 Bombardier Q400Next Gen. airBaltic has received numerous international awards for excellence, innovative services, and achievements in reshaping its business. In 2012, airBaltic was ranked by Airlinetrends among the Top 10 airlines globally for innovations. airBaltic achieved the best on-time performance globally in 2014, 2015 and 2017.
Tez Tour Latvija in brief:
Tez Tour is the leading Latvian tour operator that organizes trips to different countries worldwide. Tez Tour organizes trips from Latvian to Italy, Austria, France, Spain, Andorra, Greece, Turkey, Bulgaria, Egypt, Cyprus, UAE, Thailand, the Caribbean, the Maldives and Sri Lanka resorts. According to BNS data, tour operator Tez Tour is the leader in the Latvian tourism market. Tourism industry representatives in the annual vote named Tez Tour Latvija the best company in the category “Entrepreneur of travel agencies and tour operators in 2015”. The company Tez Tour in 2016 opened its first sales office in Latvia for private service.
For further information, please contact:
Alise Briede
Head of Corporate Communications
A/S Air Baltic Corporation
Marupes Reg.
Tehnikas Street 3
Riga International Airport
LV-1053 Riga, Latvia
E-mail: pr@airbaltic.lv
SIA TEZ TOUR Latvija
6 Ziedleju street, Riga district,
Marupe, LV – 2167, Latvia
E-mail: info@teztour.lv
Getty Image
Details continue to spill forth on the New York City pipe-bomb explosion underneath the Port Authority bus terminal near 42nd Street and 8th Avenue. According to the FDNY, four people sustained injuries that are “non-life threatening” in nature. Police swiftly took one suspect, who is among the injured, into custody. According to NYPD Commissioner Bill Braton, the suspect is a 27-year-old male from Bangladesh who “acted in the name of ISIS.”
The Associated Press has followed up with more details from NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill, who declared this to be a “terror-related incident.” The NYPD also revealed the name of the suspect, Akayed Ullah, who officials say attempted a suicide bombing with a “crudely-made pipe bomb.” Injuries sustained by three bystanders were thankfully minor, although Ullah's were obviously more severe, given his immediate proximity to the device:
Police say Akayed Ullah intentionally exploded the crude device in a passageway under Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday. They say he is in custody. They say the device is a crudely-made pipe bomb. Authorities called the incident an attempted terrorist attack. Three others suffered minor injuries, including headaches and ringing in the ears. The suspect had burns on his abdomen and also to his hands.
Authorities add that they believe, at this point, that Ullah was “inspired” by ISIS to carry out this attack, but they haven't yet established whether he's tied to any particular terror organization or individual cell.
Via the New York Times, Mayor Bill de Blasio didn't hesitate to label the explosion as an “attempted terrorist attack” while telling reporters that no other explosive devices has been discovered.
This is a developing story, and we will provide additional details as they arrive.
(Via Associated Press & New York Times)
Cassidy Allen
People often think the most beautiful places in the world are somewhere far away. Exotic locales teeming with venomous beasts. It's not always so. In reality, some of the coolest places you'll ever find are the hidden gems in your backyard. It's a point which the National Park Foundation hopes to highlight with their #FindYourPark initiative, and they're doing it in the absolute coolest way.
With the help of celebrity ambassadors, the foundation is hitting the nation's lesser known parks. Everyone knows Yosemite and the Grand Canyon, but what about the 415 other parks and monuments? When do they get love?
If you think that number sounds a little high, I'm right there with you. I had no idea there were so many national parks — but the idea excited me. So when the opportunity was presented to go on an adventure with Derek Hough, of Dancing with the Stars fame, I said “yes.” Actually my exact words were “Hell yes.”
Getty Image / Credit: Photo by Daniel Boczarski/Getty Images for National Park Foundation
Check out the sand above? Idyllic, right? Throughout our day together, Derek posted pictures on his Instagram story and people asked him “Where are you? Bahamas? Cancun?” Those seem like fair guesses. In pictures, it sure looks like we're on some majestic island in a foreign country. Nope. In reality we're just 47 miles outside of Chicago, in Porter, Indiana. The spot is Indiana's best kept secret — The Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore, which really shouldn't be anyone's “best kept a secret” anymore, because it's absolutely stunning.
Before our adventure began, Derek and I met with park rangers and he expressed his love for National Parks and the outdoors. Growing up in boy scouts and exploring Utah with his dad, it was only right that he found a way to be a part of the #FindYourPark movement.
“Being in the entertainment industry, being on stage and touring, you're very much in a dressing room or a tour bus and it feels sorta enclosed,” he said. “So for me, the outdoors is exactly what I need to get grounded, to put things in perspective. It humbles me. I just love nature so much.”
His words encapsulated how I felt too. How I think many of us feel. But we forget it. It's so easy to slide into living a life indoors, in front of screens.
BERLIN — A group of city counsellors in Munich say they want the southern German city's main train station to have a landing pad for flying taxis.
Five city council members from the Christian Social Union party submitted a motion Wednesday calling on rail company Deutsche Bahn to consider the space needed for flying taxis in its plans for a future redesign of the station.
In their motion, they write that "it is to be expected that within a few years technology will have advanced so far that flying taxis can be used to transport people."
The party, which has a majority across Bavaria but is in opposition in the state capital's assembly, has recently been championing the idea of flying taxis as a future means of travel.
London police dished out dozens of tickets and gave more than 200 warnings on St. Patrick's Day.
Sunny skies and single-digit temperatures brought thousands of green-clad revellers onto the streets around Western University and downtown Saturday to celebrate the Irish-themed day of festivities.
Police arrested three people and laid one criminal charge in what turned out to be a low-key St. Patrick's Day. Officers dished out 49 tickets, most of them for drinking in public, and laid two bylaw charges for noise violations, according to a police tally released Monday.
Officers were out in full force patrolling downtown and around Western University and Fanshawe College, clearing out more than a half-dozen house parties before they grew too large.
Related
“We did have to shut down a few large parties that were threatening to spill into the streets,” Sgt. Dave Ellyatt said in a statement. “It was a busy day, but overall there were no major issues.”
Long lines formed outside Richmond Row bars by mid-afternoon. Liquor inspectors visited 21 businesses, noting several infractions that remain under investigation, police said.
Fire officials, who accompanied police on their rounds, issued multiple warnings for smoke detector and carbon monoxide detector infractions.
This was the first year that St. Patrick's Day fell on a Saturday since 2012, when a large mob pelted police with beer bottles and set a news truck ablaze on Fleming Drive, a student-populated street near Fanshawe.
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) has introduced a new payment facility for its passengers with the help of which they can make payments for their tickets through mVisa application.
mVisa is a type of e-wallet which can be used to store money as well as make payments online.
To avail the facility the passengers will have to download the mVisa app on their smartphones, and link their debit cards, credit cards or prepaid accounts with it.
IRCTC will also offer cashback on making payments through mVisa. This is a promotional offer till 4th September and the passengers will get a cashback of Rs. 50 on payments made using the application.
It has also introduced a ‘buy now, pay later' service in which one can book tickets 5 days prior to their journey. They will have to pay a service tax of 3.5%, which can be paid within 14 days of the booking.
Khloe Kardashian is allegedly confused as to what to do following her boyfriend Tristan Thompson's alleged cheating scandal.
The 33-year-old reality star and her NBA star beau welcomed their first child, a daughter named True, into the world almost two weeks ago, but just days before her birth their relationship was put under strain when a video emerged seemingly depicting Tristan leaning in for a kiss with a mystery woman.
Now, sources have claimed that Khloe is not in "denial" about the situation, but isn't sure what to do, as she's still trying to "process" the allegations.
An insider said: "She's not in a bubble of denial. She knows what's going on and is still trying to process it, but so far, she's managed to move past it and look forward.
"Khloe is very settled in Cleveland right now and is planning on staying another few weeks to a month at least. Of course, that could change, especially since every day there seems to be more stories [coming] out about Tristan."
The allegations against Tristan have reportedly caused the 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians' star's family and friends to become concerned, but sources say they don't want to approach Khloe about them for fear of being "cut off by her".
The source added to 'Entertainment Tonight': "Her friends and family are learning all these new details and it's hard to know what's just someone trying to cash in and what is true. It's tough to know what, if anything, to tell Khloe.
"If a friend tells Khloe that they heard about another cheating story, they risk being cut off by her. She's stuck by her man in the past, so it doesn't even seem worth it to fill her in on all the details."
Meanwhile, it was recently revealed that Khloe still "loves" Tristan, 27, but is focusing her energy on their daughter.
A source said: "Khloe loves him deeply. He is the father of her child, but she feels betrayed and blindsided. Khloe's main focus is being a mother and figuring out what is best for True."
It's no secret that U.S. consumers prefer SUVs and trucks nowadays, and that means car sales are sliding. That's forcing automakers to offer big discounts to sell them. Car sales fell to just 36 percent of U.S. auto sales last month, a record low for a January. Generally, discounts are bigger on cars with the highest inventory. Here are the top 10 cars with the biggest stockpiles, measured by the number of days the inventory could meet demand at the current sales rate:
Brand Vehicle Days' supply Buick Lacrosse 330 Buick Cascada 298 Chevrolet Corvette 267 Volkswagen CC 259 Chevrolet Camaro 236 Buick Verano 234 Mitsubishi Mirage 231 Acura ILX 227 Chrysler 200 225 Buick Regal 222
Source: WardsAuto
Enjoy a movie screening under the stars.
The Sunset Cinema film series continues with a showing of “The Lego Batman Movie” on Saturday, June 17 at Craig Regional Park.
The film series, which runs through Aug. 18, is hosted by the county and OC Parks.
The movies are free and audiences are encouraged to pack a picnic, blankets and beach chairs.
The screening starts around 8 p.m. after the sun has set. Parking is free after 6 p.m.
– Denisse Salazar
If you go
When: Around 8 p.m. June 17
Where: Craig Regional Park, 3300 State College Blvd., Fullerton
Cost: Free
Information: ocparks.com or (714) 973-3160
HIGH POINT, N.C. (AP) -- Jahaad Proctor had 20 points, seven rebounds and five assists on Saturday night and High Point pulled away in the middle of the second half for a 67-56 win over Campbell.
The Panthers (11-12, 6-6 Big South) took the lead for good early in a 22-5 run that was capped at 54-39 on Andre Fox's free throw with 7:14 left.
The Fighting Camels (12-12, 6-6) got as close as 60-52 on Marcus Burk's layup with 52 seconds to go, but Brandon Kamga answered with a dunk, converted into a 3-point play, and High Point made all four of its free throws from there.
Campbell led by as many as seven in the first half. High Point rallied with a 17-2 run that spanned halftime before Campbell scored 10 straight to take its last lead at 34-32.
Fox added 14 points and 10 rebounds for the Panthers.
Chris Clemons scored 26 to lead the Camels.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- Caleb Wood scored 14 points and Penn moved to 5-0 in Ivy League play by holding off Yale, 59-50 on Saturday night.
The Quakers have hosted Brown and Yale on the same weekend 59 times in its history. They swept the two-game series for the 39th time after beating the Bears 95-90 in overtime Friday night. Penn has beaten Yale 106 times in 133 meetings.
Penn took a 31-25 lead into intermission, and Ryan Betley opened the second half by drilling a 3 and Max Rothschild converted at the basket to make it 36-25.
Antonio Woods finished with 13 points for Penn (15-6, 5-0). Betley added 12 points and Rothschild 10, and AJ Brodeur pulled down nine boards.
Paul Atkinson scored 20 points and grabbed 13 rebounds to lead Yale (9-13, 2-4), but was the lone Bulldog to reach double-figure scoring.
HOLLIDAYSBURG, Pa. (AP) — Three Franciscan friars have asked a judge to dismiss charges that they didn't properly supervise a suspected sexual predator accused of molesting more than 100 children, most at a Pennsylvania high school.
Attorneys for Giles Schinelli, Robert D'Aversa and Anthony Criscitelli argued Wednesday in Blair County that there was no basis for conspiracy charges and the statute of limitations had expired on child endangerment counts. Daniel Dye of the state attorney general's office disagreed, saying “There was no error in holding this matter for trial.”
The (Johnstown) Tribune-Democrat (http://bit.ly/2spV2Cx ) reports that Judge Jolene Kopriva promised to rule on the issues “as quickly as possible.”
State prosecutors say the friars assigned or supervised Brother Stephen Baker when he served at Bishop McCort Catholic High School in Johnstown in the 1990s.
Comments
comments
In a car accident that occurred between the Silwan neighborhood and Ras al-Amud, a private vehicle veered for an unknown reason and hit a pole.
A mother and her daughter were evacuated from the vehicle in a light condition.
During the police's handling of the road accident, the closure of the road and the rescue of the wounded, Arabs threw stones at the policemen.
Police and Border Police conducted searches, during which two suspects were arrested.
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — The Latest on the apparent assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother in Malaysia (all times local):
5:50 p.m.
Malaysian police say they have arrested a woman in connection with the death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother.
Wednesday's statement says the woman was arrested at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. She was carrying Vietnamese travel documents.
Kim Jong-un's half brother died Monday after suddenly falling ill at the airport. According to a Malaysian government official, Kim told medical workers before he died that he had been attacked with a chemical spray.
The Syrian government is passing laws to allow itself to seize private property, displace residents, and discourage refugees from returning, Human Rights Watch said in a new report published Tuesday.
The New York-based group says a 2018 property law, known as Law 10, empowers authorities to confiscate property without compensating the owners or giving them an opportunity to appeal.
The Syrian Government passed Law 10 in April to create "redevelopment zones" to rebuild property damaged in seven years of civil war.
In an interview with the Greek newspaper Kathimerini this month, President Bashar Assad said the law allows authorities to "re-plan the destroyed and the illegal areas," and said it does not "dispossess anyone."
A third of Syria's housing has been destroyed in the last seven years, according to Human Rights Watch. The World Bank says Syria has suffered close to $300 billion in material damage through its war.
The government has responded to the challenge in part by authorizing local governments to create public-private partnerships to take ownership of damaged neighborhoods and redevelop them.
Under law 10, residents have just 30 days to prove they own property in the redevelopment zones in order to receive shares in the projects, or the ownership will be transferred to the local government.
Human Rights Watch says there are numerous obstacles keeping residents from making claims to their properties in the 30-day window. It says many owners are displaced Syrians or refugees and cannot return to their local districts for fear of arrest. Many lack the identification documents that would allow relatives to make claims on their behalf. Only about half of Syrian property was registered with authorities before the war, and many registries were destroyed in the fighting.
More than 11 million Syrians have been displaced by war, including more than 5 million who fled across the country's borders.
The rights group says the Syrian government passed two previous laws, in 2012, letting authorities seize property and assets without due process. The watchdog says the government has a history of using the laws to demolish neighborhoods that opposed Assad's rule.
Germany, Greece, and Lebanon — which host over 1.5 million Syrian refugees between them — have expressed concerns over the law.
German government spokeswoman Ulrike Demmer called it a "cynical plan" to confiscate refugee property.
Lebanese Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil said refugees who have lost their property in Syria will have a reduced incentive to return. He urged the Syrian government to amend the law.
Also on Tuesday, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reiterated his position that his government would not allow Iran to maintain a military presence anywhere inside Syria.
"I have made clear our red lines many times, and we will enforce them without compromise," he said.
His comments come amid a flurry of military and diplomatic movements over the control of southwestern Syria, bordering the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights.
The Syrian government says it is planning to recapture rebel-held parts of the region, raising concerns its regional backers Iran and the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah — both archrivals of Israel — will take up positions along the frontier.
A senior Russian diplomat said Tuesday that his country is pushing for a quick meeting with the United States and Jordan to discuss security provisions for southwestern Syria. In remarks carried by Russian news agencies, Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov said the trilateral consultations should be held "the sooner the better." The Russian outlet Russia Today said the talks are expected within a week.
The state-run RIA Novosti news agency said Moscow wants to cut a deal that would see Russian military police deployed to areas near Israel. The agreement would envisage the pullout of all Iranian forces from the area and require the rebels to surrender heavy weapons.
Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman is set to travel to Russia on Wednesday to discuss the matter. Russia is a key ally of Assad.
———
Associated Press writers Aron Heller in Jerusalem and Vladimir Isachenkov in Moscow contributed to this report.
My babe @zedd and I are performing tonight for @z100newyork @iheartradio SO grateful to wrap up this year with the best people. Thank you NY!!
A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) on Dec 11, 2015 at 8:52pm PST
Steve Stephens, a 37-year-old Cleveland resident who broadcast himself shooting and killing an elderly man on Easter Sunday is still on the run, with authorities now fearing that he may have fled the immediate area and traveled to one of five surrounding states. As CNN reports, police are warning residents of Ohio as well as Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana, and Michigan to be on the lookout for the 6-foot-1, 244 pound man.
Don't Miss: This is supposedly Apple's final iPhone 8 design
Stephens live streamed several different videos on Sunday after his first broadcast showed him finding an elderly man on the sidewalk and then shooting him in the head after a brief verbal exchange. Stephens did not know the victim, 74-year-old Robert Godwin, though the shooter claimed that he was hunting for random people due to troubles with a girlfriend as well as his mother. After approaching him on the street, Stephens asked Godwin to say the woman's name before pulling out a gun and firing.
Reports of location data from Stephens' phone suggest he may have traveled northeast from the location of the shooting in Cleveland, with the last “ping” from the phone showing up about 100 miles up the coast of Lake Erie.
Stephens made several claims during the Facebook broadcast, including that he had killed over a dozen other individuals, though police say they only have knowledge of one victim, Godwin. Stephens was last seen wearing a grey and blue striped polo shirt and was driving a white Ford Fusion. Authorities are considering Stephens to be armed and dangerous and suggest that anyone who believes they know of his whereabouts do not approach him and contact law enforcement immediately.
Trending right now:
See the original version of this article on BGR.com
His efforts have largely failed to solve the problem, which his Republican constituents here blame on environmentalists and Democrats in Sacramento, California's capital, who they say are more interested in saving the smelt from extinction than serving the region's farmers with enough water, an issue that President Trump took up during his campaign.
Photo
Many people interviewed here on Friday were either unaware of the memo and the stir it had caused in Washington, or not concerned with it.
“The more information the better,” Mr. Pinkham said over lunch at Philly's, a cheesesteak restaurant in the shape of a railroad car. “The whole thing stinks. I'm not a fan of big government,” he said, adding that he hasn't been watching the news. “The less I watch, my blood pressure gets a lot better.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Based in the heart of the heavily agricultural Central Valley, Mr. Nunes's district includes miles of farmland, but also parts of suburban Fresno County. Latinos slightly outnumber whites in total population, but that does not necessarily reflect the makeup of the electorate. The median household income is just over $56,000 a year, and about 20 percent of the population falls below the poverty line, compared with about 14 percent statewide. Just under 16 percent of people who live in Mr. Nunes's district have college degrees.
Democrats have made California a prime target in their efforts to recapture Republican seats in the coming midterm elections. Seven positions now held by Republicans are considered particularly vulnerable.
Mr. Nunes represents a solidly Republican part of the state and is not on that list: He won re-election in 2016 with a lopsided 67 percent of the vote; Mr. Trump drew about 53 percent of the vote that year. That said, Democrats have become increasingly optimistic about making strong showings across California this year, given Mr. Trump's unpopularity. And they have suggested that Mr. Nunes might ultimately be in their cross-hairs, in no small part because of his role as chairman of the House Intelligence Committee and the contention by Democrats that he is misusing that position to block actions in the Russia investigation on behalf of Mr. Trump.
Not everyone, of course, supports Mr. Nunes, and The Fresno Bee, in a recent editorial, called Mr. Nunes “Trump's stooge,” for pushing for the release of the classified memo.
Photo
The editorial said of Mr. Nunes that “he certainly isn't representing his Central Valley constituents or Californians, who care much more about health care, jobs and, yes, protecting Dreamers than about the latest conspiracy theory.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
One of his main challengers, Andrew Janz, a deputy district attorney from Fresno County, said this week that the furor over the memorandum had brought in a flood of campaign contributions.
But many of Mr. Nunes's conservative constituents say he is representing them just fine, and besides, the fracas of Washington is irrelevant to their lives, many say.
“It's just a big game for everyone back there,” Mr. Pinkham said.
At Café 225, a bar and restaurant on Visalia's Main Street, Rich Gonne was drinking a beer and watching a golf tournament on his phone Friday afternoon. He had followed the news during the day, and said he had first supported the memo's release, in the name of transparency. But once it came out, and it was clear the memo's assertions were based on partial evidence, Mr. Gonne said it would only “lead to more divisions.”
He said the memo only verified what one side already believes. “It didn't do anyone any good,” he said.
Mr. Gonne said he identified as a libertarian, and did not vote for Mr. Nunes. He said he did not like Mr. Trump, but that he would probably benefit from the recent tax overhaul.
Photo
“All of them,” he said, “are liars.”
The conversation, as most political conversations here do, turned back to water.
“I'm a golfer,” he said, “and we have no water, so there are terrible conditions at the golf course. And we are about to go through a drought.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Even as residents here say they are unconcerned with Washington's dramas, nearly everyone says that the coarseness of the national political dialogue has rubbed off here, and that conversations between liberals and conservatives are more difficult.
“My feeling is we are going to hell in a hand basket,” said Kare Dunn, a retired photographer and a Democrat. She said that in the age of Trump, society had been drained of empathy, and that kids were being taught that “what is true is false.”
The relative lack of concern here with the memo, and Mr. Nunes's role at the center of the controversy, is borne out in how residents consume their local news. “People would rather read about the local robbery or whatever the local news is than what Nunes is doing in Washington,” said Eric Woomer, the news editor of the Visalia Times-Delta, a six-day-a-week newspaper.
Mr. Woomer said that when Mr. Nunes returns to his district — which he said he does frequently, and is known for playing racquetball on Sundays after church — and holds a public forum on water issues, “it is standing room only.”
“Once he goes to Washington and starts talking about Russia and the intel committee, people lose interest,” he said.
He said residents here would prefer to read about a prostitution bust at a local motel than a story about Mr. Nunes and the Russia investigation. “I don't think they relate to Russia,” Mr. Woomer said. “They care about what is going on here.”
Under South Africa's Constitution, the Parliament elects the president. That leaves the A.N.C., which dominates the legislative body, with two options if it wants to recall Mr. Zuma before the end of his term in 2019: Order him to step down and avoid bringing the matter to Parliament; or allow the anti-Zuma camp to join forces with opposition lawmakers to impeach him.
Mr. Ramaphosa's allies are pressing Mr. Zuma — whose corruption-plagued eight years in office have damaged South Africa's economy and reputation — to step down as early as possible. His successor, they argue, should be the one to deliver the state of the nation address, scheduled for Thursday, to give the nation a badly needed reset.
Among Mr. Zuma's supporters, the reaction has been more complicated. A few high-profile former allies of the president, including the finance and police ministers, have leapt into Mr. Ramaphosa's camp with head-spinning speed.
Photo
Others have dug in, clearly hoping to extend Mr. Zuma's presidency — and their own power — as long as they can.
The vast majority of officials, though, appear open to negotiations with Mr. Ramaphosa, who has made his career — in labor, business and politics — by being the best negotiator in the room.
Mr. Ramaphosa, known for always keeping in mind the political long game, has been carefully nudging Mr. Zuma, even as the new leader of the A.N.C. seeks to unite a fractured party behind him. The matter of Mr. Zuma's departure, he told the South African news media, should be approached with “maturity” and “decorum.”
“We should never do it in a way that is going to humiliate President Zuma,” said Mr. Ramaphosa, who has been the nation's deputy president since 2014.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Even as negotiations over Mr. Zuma's departure continue, power has begun to shift in real ways. Mr. Ramaphosa led the nation's delegation to the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, effectively acting as South Africa's leader on the world stage.
More significantly, there have been domestic developments that would have been highly unlikely before Mr. Ramaphosa's election as party leader in December.
At some state enterprises, which have been the source of much public corruption in recent years, Mr. Zuma's allies have been quickly replaced by respected officials chosen by Mr. Ramaphosa. State prosecutors have begun investigating some senior political allies of the president, along with the Guptas, a powerful family with close business ties with Mr. Zuma's relatives and his inner circle.
“It does reflect the changing of the guard at the A.N.C. — it has freed up some of the good pockets in some of the law-enforcement agencies to start acting,” said David Lewis, the executive director of Corruption Watch, a nonprofit organization, adding that state prosecutors and police investigators tend to be heavily influenced by politics in South Africa.
Photo
Mr. Zuma's fate now lies with the A.N.C.'s top leadership, which remains divided, with an edge in Mr. Ramaphosa's favor, political analysts said.
While Mr. Zuma's allies initially kept quiet, some have begun pushing back in recent days, including his two supporters among the party's half-dozen most senior leaders. Jessie Duarte, the deputy secretary general, said that Mr. Zuma would serve out his full term until elections next year.
The secretary general, Ace Magashule, denied news reports that the party's leaders had decided to remove Mr. Zuma, adding of Mr. Ramaphosa's allies, “It's only factional leaders who want to be populist, the ones who are loved by the papers, the ones who don't know the A.N.C., who are making noise outside.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Magashule, who is also the leader of Free State Province, spoke a few days after police raided his office there in search of documents related to a Gupta-linked dairy farm project thought to have been used to misappropriate public funds.
He spoke at a rally in Mr. Zuma's home province, KwaZulu-Natal, where loyalists voiced strong support. The province, which is the A.N.C.'s biggest source of votes nationally, remains one of Mr. Zuma's strongest cards in his negotiations with Mr. Ramaphosa — as does the party's youth league, which held the rally.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mandla Shange, the youth league's spokesman in KwaZulu-Natal, dismissed any talk of removing Mr. Zuma.
“That's not a decision you just take,” he said in an interview. “There must be a transition plan between President Zuma and President Ramaphosa. That is why President Zuma's term of office ends in 2019, so we expect President Zuma to continue to be president until 2019.”
But analysts say that because of the survival instinct of the A.N.C., which has governed South Africa since the end of apartheid in 1994, it is unlikely that Mr. Zuma will be allowed to serve out his full term. The longer Mr. Zuma stays in power, the harder it will be for Mr. Ramaphosa to rebuild the party's brand before next year's elections.
Photo
“Remember, all they want at the end of the day is to make sure that the A.N.C. can win elections,” said Lukhona Mnguni, a political scientist at the University of KwaZulu-Natal. “It's not that they want Zuma gone because of misgovernance. They want him gone so that they, as A.N.C. members, can remain at the top of South African politics. It's in their best interest that he goes, but they have to manage the timing and any fallout.”
If Mr. Zuma hangs on to power, he risks facing impeachment in Parliament after a recent ruling by the nation's highest court. The A.N.C., which holds more than 60 percent of parliamentary seats, would face two unattractive options: defending a deeply unpopular president or impeaching a leader it has steadfastly supported for the past eight years.
Mr. Zuma also faces other embarrassing legal challenges, including 783 counts of corruption related to an arms deal before he became president in the 1990s when he was a top party leader. He has successfully avoided prosecution over the years, and he argued again last week that he should not be indicted. State prosecutors are expected to make a decision later this month.
How and when Mr. Zuma leaves office, experts say, will influence how much Mr. Ramaphosa can reinvent the A.N.C. before next year's elections.
Mr. Ramaphosa and his allies enjoy strong support among urban, middle-class black voters who, disillusioned by Mr. Zuma's presidency and with the party's transformation from Nelson Mandela's heroic liberation movement to an organization associated with corruption and mismanagement, began abandoning the A.N.C. in recent years. In local elections in 2016, the A.N.C. lost control of most of the country's major cities as those disenchanted voters backed the opposition or stayed home. Mr. Ramaphosa needs to win them back.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“The A.N.C.'s continued, foolhardy inability to remove President Zuma clearly indicates that the A.N.C. cannot be trusted and cannot be relied upon to bring about the changes promised by its newly elected leadership,” Bantu Holomisa, leader of the opposition United Democratic Movement, said in a news conference.
In one suburb that turned against the A.N.C. in 2016, Danny Zitha, a retired high school teacher, was so angry with the party that he vowed never to back it again. But recent changes in the A.N.C. have softened his position.
He was disappointed that the A.N.C.'s top leaders had not tried to remove Mr. Zuma at their first meeting in January. But he was impressed by prosecutors moving against some of Mr. Zuma's political and business allies, and the thought of returning to the A.N.C. was no longer inconceivable to him.
“Once Ramaphosa gets rid of Zuma and all those corrupt guys are taken to task, perhaps then I can have another way of thinking — but only then,” Mr. Zitha said. “Zuma must be toothless. But right now he still has teeth. He can chew whatever he wants to chew.”
Netflix on the Verge of Hitting 100 Million Subscribers
by Darryl Hood
Netflix is on the verge of surpassing 100 million subscribers, a testament to how much the video streaming service has changed the entertainment landscape since its debut a decade ago.
The milestone will be reached this weekend if Netflix's projections are correct. Netflix made the prediction Monday with the release of its first-quarter earnings.
The video service added nearly 5 million subscribers during the first three months of the year to end March with 98.7 million customers in roughly 190 countries.
Netflix still has a ways to go to catch up with HBO, the popular pay-TV channel that has served as its role model. HBO has 134 million subscribers worldwide, including viewers who now get the channel on an internet-only service that was inspired by Netflix's success.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
I intentionally waited on posting this article on photographing a lunar eclipse until it actually took place, because I wanted to document my experience and provide information on what challenges I had during the process of photographing this rare, but stunningly beautiful phenomenon. This was not my first time trying to photograph a lunar eclipse – I tried it once back in 2008, but the weather did not cooperate back then and I did not get any good pictures. My luck was much better this time and although the sky was not completely clear, I was still fortunate enough to capture the entire process, from full moon to total lunar eclipse, then back to full moon. The next lunar eclipse will occur in the summer of next year, so if you missed it this year, definitely try to get out and take some pictures, especially when the moon turns bloody red.
1) Basics of Moon Photography
Before reading the information below, I highly recommend reading my “how to photograph the moon” article, where you can find plenty of information (including camera settings) on how to photograph the moon. You will need that while capturing the beginning and the end of the eclipse, when the moon is partially lit by the sun.
2) Photographing the Sequence
One thing you need to decide on, is whether you want to shoot the entire sequence of the lunar eclipse, or just the middle of the process (period of totality) when the moon is orange/red in color. I would personally recommend documenting the whole process from the beginning to the end, so that you have pictures of the full moon, then a partial eclipse, then a total eclipse, then a partial eclipse again, returning back to full moon when the eclipse ends. The nice thing about having the entire sequence in pictures, is that you can later combine images together like this:
You will have to be very patient though – it took me about four hours in total to capture the moon from the beginning to the end of the eclipse. The night was very cold (below freezing) where I live and although I wore very warm clothes, I had to run home back and forth to get warmer. Thankfully, I did everything right outside of my home and did not have to drive anywhere far. There was plenty of light pollution in the sky, but it did not seem to impact my images as much, so you can certainly do it from right where you live too.
If for whatever reason you cannot stay for the entire duration of the eclipse, I would just stay for the total eclipse to capture the moon when it is red.
3) Camera Equipment and Lenses
When it comes to photographing a lunar eclipse, the type of equipment you are using plays a huge role. Photographing a lunar eclipse is not the same as photographing the moon for one major reason – lack of light. When you photograph the moon while it is lit by the sun, it is typically so bright, that you can easily use fast shutter speeds at very low camera ISO, without having to worry about noise. Photographing a lunar eclipse is much more challenging, because the moon gets very dim when it is in the Earth's shadow. Not only will you have to decrease your shutter speed, but you will also have to increase camera ISO to a much larger value, especially if you are shooting with long lenses above 300mm. Having a good DSLR that can handle noise at high ISO levels will certainly help.
When it comes to lenses, longer lenses will magnify the moon more and provide some good details for your shots. So, unless I am capturing the moon with a large foreground element, I would use my longest lens in my arsenal. But a longer lens presents another problem for moon photography – you will have to use a fast shutter speed to get blur-free images of the moon, since it moves so fast (see below).
4) Camera Settings
When you shoot a bright moon, a good exposure is typically around 1/125-1/250th of a second @ f/11, ISO 100-200. When an eclipse starts, this exposure will work great to expose the bright part of the moon, while the dark side of the moon is not going to be visible at all. At some point, you will have to change your exposure to expose for the dark side, while overexposing the bright side of the moon, similar to this image:
I found out that the exposure difference between the bright and the dark sides was a whopping 8 full stops! What does this mean? It means that if you were getting a great exposure of the sun-lit moon at 1/250th of a second at ISO 200, in order to capture the part of the moon that is in earth's shadow, you would have to shoot at 1 second @ ISO 200 (1/125, 1/60, 1/30, 1/15, 1/8, 1/4, 1/2, 1)!
This is the part where the focal length of your lens becomes your enemy. The longer the lens, the more you need to worry about two major problems – shutter speed and camera shake. A long lens (above 300mm) will make the moon larger in your picture, which at the same time means that the moon will move very quickly through your frame. Using a slow shutter speed is obviously unacceptable, because the moon features will all appear blurry. Therefore, your only choice is to shoot at maximum aperture and increase camera ISO to a large number. In the above example, to increase my shutter speed to just 1/15th of a second, I would have to shoot at ISO 3200, which would result in a lot of grain, especially if I were shooting on a DX camera. So, what should your shutter speed be? It depends on the focal length of your lens. If you are shooting at 300mm on a DX body using a lens like the Nikon 70-300mm VR, shoot at shutter speeds faster than 2 seconds. If you are using a longer lens, you will have to use even faster shutter speeds to get a blur-free image of the moon. I was shooting at 560mm (Nikon 200-400mm @ 400mm + 1.4x TC) on a full-frame body (Nikon D3s) and I found that my limit was about a half a second (1/2) before the moon started to get blurry.
Take a look at the below crop shot at 2 seconds to see how blurry the moon got:
And that's with me shooting on a tripod using a remote shutter release, plus Mirror Lock-Up with about 1 second interval after raising the mirror! Let's talk about camera shake for a second. Whenever you shoot with long lenses over 300mm, you have to make sure that you have a very stable setup. It goes without saying that your camera needs to be mounted securely on your tripod and you should not be pressing the shutter with your hand. Use a remote shutter release and switch to “Mirror Lock-Up” shutter release mode, if your DSLR has it – it will certainly help in minimizing camera shake. Oh, and don't forget to turn off Image Stabilization/VR when your lens is mounted on a tripod.
The biggest challenge, however, was not when I was taking pictures of the half-lit or quarter-lit moon – it was when I was photographing a total eclipse, when the moon was in Earth's umbral shadow. Depending on how bright the moon appears during this phase, you will have to adjust your exposure accordingly. Keeping my aperture between f/5.6 and f/8.0 and shutter speeds above 1/2 second, I had to increase my camera ISO to 1600 and sometimes even 3200, which added plenty of grain to my images, but at least the images were not blurry.
5) Focus Accuracy and Sharpness
No matter what lens you are using, getting a very accurate focus on the moon is extremely important. I know that some of you might suggest shooting at infinity, but since many lenses now allow focusing “beyond infinity”, getting a true infinity focus is not that easy – a slight inaccuracy in focus will make the moon appear blurry. While using your center focus point to acquire focus might work fine when the moon is lit by the sun, your autofocus will most likely cease to function or might be grossly inaccurate when the moon is very dark. If you have a DSLR that has a LiveView mode, then certainly use it to get a much more accurate focus. I had some challenges with AF when using LiveView on my camera though – LiveView was severely overexposing the moon, which made it impossible to autofocus, even though I was shooting in Manual Mode. The workaround was to press the “OK” button on the D3s (which switches LiveView to true manual mode), then rotate the back dial to increase my shutter speed. This way, I was able to properly expose the moon and AF worked great after that.
Instead of dealing with refocusing every time you take a picture, I highly recommend switching off autofocus once you get an accurate focus on the moon (preferably before the lunar eclipse). Take a picture and use the LCD screen of the camera to see how sharp the moon is. Zoom in all the way and make sure that the moon appears sharp. If it is not, go back to LiveView mode and retry. If you cannot manage to get your camera to autofocus in LiveView mode, try manually focusing with your hand while zoomed in all the way in LiveView. If you get a good focus before the Moon goes into the Earth's shadow, you won't have to touch your focus until the end of the eclipse.
One more thing I would like to point out, is if you are using a lens with a teleconverter, or if you are using a consumer zoom lens, the optics are probably not very sharp when shooting at large apertures. Stopping down the lens aperture to f/8-f/11 should give you the sharpest results. Don't use apertures larger than f/11 – diffraction will kick in and make the moon appear even softer.
6) Moon Movement Speed
So far I mentioned several times how fast the moon moves when using long lenses. Take a look at this video and see for yourself where the moon starts in the frame, and then ends up at the end of the 2 minute video. If you are impatient, simply look at the beginning of the video, then the end and compare the location of the moon in the frame:
Now just think how many times I had to move my camera to photograph a 4 hour long eclipse!
7) Composition
Unless you are shooting at short focal lengths with a foreground object or some sort of scene, don't worry about composition – place the moon anywhere in your frame. The location does not matter, since you can easily crop the moon out in post-processing, as long as the moon is exposed properly. I often tried re-centering the moon in my frame, but as you saw from the above video, it was rather difficult to recompose every time. At the end, I ended up starting with the moon on my top left corner frame and let it move towards the right bottom corner. When it approached the bottom, I would move it back to the top left again.
If you want to have stars with the moon in the final picture, the best way is to shoot starts separately at several seconds, then combine both images together. If you want to have a composite image like the vertical one I posted in this article, then your best bet is to photograph a night scene separately with a wide-angle lens, then use Photoshop to copy-paste the moon into the image.
6) Post-processing
The post-processing method I use for the moon is described in detail in my “how to photograph the moon” article. For the total lunar eclipse, the bigger problem is going to be dealing with the noise due to high ISO levels. If noise is an issue, see my “noise reduction tutorial” that I posted a while ago – there are plenty of tips in that article on how to clean up noise in Photoshop and Lightroom.
As for doing composite images (combining the various phases of the moon with other images), the process is not that difficult. Here is how I recommend doing it:
Pick a couple of photos with a dark sky, obviously shot at night. Open your moon photos and using the “Magic Wand” tool, select just the moon by itself. Play with the “Tolerance” level and make sure that you are grabbing the whole moon, not just parts of it. Copy the moon by pressing CTRL+C/Command+C Paste it into a corresponding image with a dark sky. If the moon you copied has some black edges to it and your sky is not totally black, then try this trick: select the moon once again with the Magic Wand, then right-click the moon, choose “Select Inverse”, then right click again, choose “Feather” and give it 2-3 pixels. Next, click on the “Add a Mask” button on the layers palette. Once this is done, click on the Mask itself in the layers window, then click “Apply Mask”. Repeat this process several times, if necessary, to make the edges of the moon smooth. Experiment with copy-pasting several phases of the moon and see how you like the final image. Don't forget about sharpening the moon. Do it before selecting the moon with the Magic Wand, otherwise the sharpening tool will also sharpen the edges of the moon.
Photographing a total lunar eclipse was a great experience for me. I highly recommend getting out and trying it next summer!
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File). FILE- In this March 21, 2018, file photo, Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell looks to his notes as he speaks during a news conference following the Federal Open Market Committee meeting in Washington. As to govern...
By MARCY GORDON
AP Business Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Federal Reserve is proposing to ease a rule aimed at defusing the kind of risk-taking on Wall Street that helped trigger the 2008 financial meltdown.
The Fed under new leadership on Wednesday unveiled proposed changes to the Volcker Rule, which bars banks' risky trading bets for their own profit with depositors' money. The high-risk activity is known as proprietary trading.
The proposed changes would match the strictest applications of the rule to banks that do the most trading - 18 banks with at least $10 billion in trading assets and liabilities. They account for 95 percent of all U.S. bank trading and include some foreign banks with U.S. operations, Fed officials said.
Less stringent requirements would apply to banks that do less trading. The idea is to make it easier for banks to comply with the Volcker Rule without sacrificing the banks' safety and soundness, the officials said.
"The proposal will address some of the uncertainty and complexity that now make it difficult for firms to know how best to comply, and for supervisors to know that they are in compliance," Fed Chair Jerome Powell said at a meeting of the Fed governors. "Our goal is to replace overly complex and inefficient requirements with a more streamlined set of requirements."
The move comes amid other government efforts to loosen financial regulations, as President Donald Trump has promised.
Fed officials said they received helpful input from other U.S. financial regulatory agencies. The agencies, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Securities and Exchange Commission, will discuss and possibly approve the proposal in their own meetings in coming weeks.
The proposal will be opened to public comment for 60 days.
It also would assume generally that a bank is in compliance with the rule if it records $25 million or less in daily profits or losses from each trading desk over 90 days.
The Volcker Rule, crafted by regulators 4 ½ years ago, is a key plank of the landmark Dodd-Frank law intended to reduce the likelihood of another financial crisis and taxpayer-funded bank bailout. Trump has blamed Dodd-Frank for constraining economic growth.
The rule is named for Paul Volcker, a Fed chairman in the 1980s who was an adviser to President Barack Obama during the financial crisis. Volcker urged a ban on deposit-funded, high-risk trading by big banks, believing that it would be an effective in averting future economic crises.
There has already been a volley of modifications that unwind the stricter regulations put into place during the Great Recession:
-Last week, Congress approved legislation rolling back the Dodd-Frank law, giving Trump a key win on a campaign promise as he quickly signed it into law. The Republican-led legislation, passed with help from some opposition votes, was aimed at especially helping small and medium-sized banks, including community banks and credit unions. It eases oversight and capital requirements (and Volcker Rule compliance) for about two dozen banks falling below new capital thresholds, including BB&T Corp., SunTrust Banks, Fifth Third Bancorp and American Express.
-After Trump installed him in November as acting director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Mick Mulvaney has shaped the watchdog agency established by the Dodd-Frank law and urged a curb on its powers. He has dropped a lawsuit against a payday lender, targeted agency enforcement powers in anti-discrimination cases and threatened a consumer complaint database. No banks or other financial institutions have been fined or sued since he took over.
Proprietary trading had become a huge money-making machine for Wall Street mega-banks like Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley. Proprietary trading allowed big banks to tap depositors' money in federally-insured bank accounts - essentially borrowing against that money and using it for investments.
Under the Volcker Rule, banks have been required to trade mainly on behalf of their clients. They have pushed against the rule.
"Weakening the Volcker Rule means allowing banks to play with other people's money again. That was the casino economy before the crisis," says Ed Mierzwinski, a senior director at the U.S. Public Interest Research Group, a consumer advocacy organization
The Fed is an independent regulator that asserts its separation from political pressure and the White House. Trump, of course, has had the opportunity to put his stamp on the central bank by filling positions on the seven-member Fed board.
Powell, the new Fed chairman since February, was a board member under ex-Fed chair Janet Yellen. He was an investment banker before he joined the central bank. After Trump named him Fed chief, Powell told Congress that he believes the rules put into place after the 2008 crisis could be improved, though he doesn't completely support the administration's ambition of aggressively rolling back regulations.
Another Trump appointee on the Fed board, investment banker Randal Quarles, is the Fed's top overseer of Wall Street and the leader in seeking to ease financial regulation. He has said the package of rules under Dodd-Frank should be overhauled but not scrapped. The third sitting Fed governor is Lael Brainard, a former Treasury Department official appointed by Obama in 2014.
Trump has named three others to fill vacancies on the board: two economics professors and the Kansas banking commissioner. They await Senate confirmation.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — Iran's state TV is reporting that the country's security forces have killed two militants and arrested five others in southeastern Iran.
The TV report Wednesday says Iran's intelligence forces killed two alleged "terrorists" in a shootout around the city of Chabahar in the southeastern province of Sistan and Baliouchestan. It did not elaborate on which militant groups the men allegedly belong to.
According to the report, one intelligence officer was killed and one was injured during the shootout.
Iranian forces on Monday killed four gunmen allegedly linked to the Islamic State group in southern Hormozgan province.
Five IS-linked attackers stormed Iran's parliament and a shrine to revolutionary leader Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini last Wednesday, killing at least 17 people and injuring more than 50.
Sunderland is all the fashion as it gets ready to host the biggest free festival in the UK.
And to add to the striking image of Tall Ships Sunderland 2018, the event even has its own dress - complete with a ship's hat.
The new dress and hat designed by Kathryn Russell.
Model Sophie Grieve proves that she's shipshape when it comes to promoting the UK's biggest free event of 2018.
More than 1.5 million people are expected in Sunderland for the Tall Ships Races, with a four day programme of events and entertainment.
It will run from July 11 to July 14 and is likely to attract up to 80 of the most magnificent ships in the world.
To mark the countdown to the festival, organisers commissioned designer Kathryn Russell to create a unique Tall Ships dress, complete with its very own ship's hat, set on a sea of “waves.”
The historical feel of the dress harks back to Sunderland's long-held links with ships and the sea and at the same time I wanted it to have drama and humour, which hopefully is what we've achieved Kathryn Russell
The hand stitched bodice has been worked to resemble ships' rigging, with a gold thread galleon stitched under the net skirt, while the jacket has a hand embroidered ships wheel on the back.
Hair for the photograph was done by Neville Ramsey, and make-up by Vikky Johnston.
Kathryn said: “It was a great honour to create this dress for the Tall Ships Race 2018 and to incorporate into it a sense of the high seas and the excitement the event will bring to the city.
“The historical feel of the dress harks back to Sunderland's long-held links with ships and the sea and at the same time I wanted it to have drama and humour, which hopefully is what we've achieved.”
The new dress and hat designed by Kathryn Russell.
Kathryn is based in the North East but sells her bespoke gowns all over the UK and beyond.
Sunderland is the first port in the 2018 event before the fleet heads to Esbjerg in Denmark.
Among the highlights of the four days of fun are the Crew Parade in which every ship's crew will be involved. The parade will weave its way through the city from the Port.
On the last day of the event, thousands of people are expected to watch as the fleet of ships parades along Sunderland's seafront before heading to the next port.
To find out more about the festival, visit www.tallshipssunderland.com.
Bollywood megastar Shah Rukh Khan had treated his fans with a question and answer session on Twitter in which Padmaavat star Ranveer Singh tweeted him that he is anxious for him to watch the film. Shah Rukh Khan, in return, won his heart when he said that he didn't realise it was Ranveer asking the question as he is Khilji for him now. He added that he has watched the film and loved it.
Bollywood megastar Shah Rukh Khan, who is currently busy shooting for his upcoming film Zero, surprised his fans with a question and answer session on Twitter. To make the perfect use of the golden opportunity, Padmaavat's Alauddin Khilji tweeted the superstar, “@iamsrk Hi Bhai ! Anxious for you to see ‘Padmaavat' !” Being the true gentleman that he is, Shah Rukh Khan replied, “So sorry didn't realise it was u, cos now u r Khilji for me. Bahut acchhi picture hai bhai..I saw it and loved it.”
As the Sanjay Leela Bhansali's magnum opus inches closer to Rs 200 crore at the box office, the film star cast- Deepika Padukone, Shahid Kapoor and Ranveer Singh have been receiving compliments and appreciation from left right and centre. In an interview with IANS, Ranveer said, “I have a very large vision for myself, my body of work, my career. I hope to build a vast legacy with a filmography which I can be proud of when I am done. I want to look back and feel like I made a significant contribution to the art and yes, keep pushing the envelope and keep exploring to things that have not been done before.
Padmaavat is also Ranveer's third film to enter into the Rs 100 crore club after Goliyo ki Raasleela: Ramleela and Bajirao Mastani. In an interview with a leading daily, Ranveer said, “I'm delighted about my personal milestones, but more than that I feel extremely happy for Sanjay sir, whose vision is being celebrated not just by the audiences in India but also the world over.” He added that playing Khilji was an “extremely turbulent emotional experience” as it took a lot out of him. So, to witness this kind of audience appreciation makes him feel like it was all worth it.
The Vegas Golden Knights' unpredictable success has put them in an unexpected spot.
On pace for by far the best inaugural season for an expansion franchise in NHL history, the Golden Knights are closer to winning the Presidents' Trophy as the team with the most points than they are missing the playoffs. Going into the season, forwards James Neal, Jonathan Marchessault and David Perron all looked like potential trade bait in the final year of their contracts.
Now they are among the leading scorers for a team in first place.
Marchessault has already been re-signed to a $30 million, six-year contract, Neal was an All-Star and there are no signs that general manager George McPhee will do any kind of the selling off at the deadline that most expected.
"The plan was simple: If we're in the hunt or a playoff spot, we want to stay in the hunt for a playoff spot," McPhee said by phone last week. "And if we're not, we'll do what teams do when they're not in the hunt. The focus every day is to be the best we can be and see where we are come the deadline."
Vegas has a six-game road trip and a seven-game home stand before the Feb. 26 deadline. Visits to Central Division powerhouse Winnipeg, defending Stanley Cup-champion Pittsburgh and former McPhee stomping ground Washington will test the Golden Knights, but their jaw-dropping effort so far has given them a nine-point cushion atop the Pacific Division.
In addition to Marchessault, Perron and Neal, William Karlsson has been a revelation with a career-high 27 goals after scoring 28 in his first 183 games. Goalie Marc-Andre Fleury has been as good as everyone thought he would be after missing time with a concussion, and an unheralded blue line led by Nate Schmidt and Colin Miller has done the job.
Vegas has scored the third-most goals and allowed the sixth fewest. Can an expansion team top the list of Cup contenders? Maybe so, along with the Eastern Conference-leading Tampa Bay Lightning. Would McPhee see any way of being a buyer at the deadline and potentially cutting into the organization's surplus of draft picks and prospects?
"It's hard to answer now because that's a month away," McPhee said. "There's a long way to go between now and then. At this point, we'll try to stay in it. I don't know whether we would add. I don't have the answer to that question."
Perhaps the Golden Knights' only weakness is the power play, where they're 21st in the league. One of the most available potential deadline pickups is Mike Green of the Detroit Red Wings, whose 13 power-play points are tied for ninth among defenseman. He was a 2004 first-round pick of McPhee's with the Capitals.
Green has a full no-trade clause, so he can pick his destination.
"I think in this league there's always uncertainty," Green said during All-Star weekend. "I've been around long enough I know how it works and what to expect. I think that's why I don't think about it all that much other than I understand the process, and when the decisions have to be made I'll be ready to make them."
TAVARES WATCH
While Green is a pending free agent who's expected to be available, New York Islanders captain John Tavares very much isn't. Tavares is 27 and tied for fifth in goals and points. He's also the face of a franchise that will soon be moving to the new Belmont Park complex, closer to many members of their Long Island fan base. In the same spot is fellow Canadian Steven Stamkos, who re-signed with the Lightning in the summer of 2016 just before hitting free agency, Tavares said he hasn't sought out the Tampa Bay captain's opinion or anyone else's.
"I try to be myself and be the best I can," Tavares said. "I don't think because it's my contract year my approach or my thought process and the way I play should change. I just go out there on a nightly basis and worry about playing and try and have success and contribute. None of the other stuff comes into my mind when it comes to playing."
MVP RACE
When the Professional Hockey Writers' Association conducted its midseason award voting, Tampa Bay's Nikita Kucherov edged out the Colorado Avalanche's Nathan MacKinnon for the Hart Trophy. It might hinge on whether MacKinnon can get the Avalanche to the playoffs and who leads the league in scoring. Right now it's Kucherov in the lead.
"His work ethic, his skill obviously is great," Capitals star and fellow Russian winger Alex Ovechkin said. "In the next year or next couple of years, he's going to be the best player or he's going to be one of them."
THEY SAID IT
"Hockey's a funny game. It goes in 10-game segments. We started off 9-2 and then in our last 11, I think we're 2-9-2. So what team are we?" — New Jersey Devils winger Taylor Hall, who returned Monday after missing three games with a right thumb injury.
GAME OF THE WEEK
The Toronto Maple Leafs visit the Boston Bruins on Saturday in what is becoming an increasingly likely first-round matchup.
LEADERS (through the All-Star break)
Goals: Ovechkin, 30; Assists: Jakub Voracek (Philadelphia); Points: Kucherov, 64; Ice Time: Drew Doughty (Los Angeles), 27:13; Wins: Andrei Vasilevskiy (Tampa Bay), 29; Goals-against average: Tuukka Rask (Boston), 2.16; Save percentage: Vasilevskiy, .931.
___
AP Hockey Writer John Wawrow in Buffalo, New York, and Sports Writer Fred Goodall in Tampa, Florida, contributed.
___
Follow Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno on Twitter at https://twitter.com/SWhyno
___
For more NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
The school converted the elementary gym into five new classrooms, including an art studio, a prekindergarten classroom and three other typical classrooms. The middle school gym was converted into two new science labs and a full-size band room. There is a new gymnasium with a stage for musical and drama productions, as well as four new classrooms. A new entrance and administrative area was created with a grand lobby and teacher work area. Lastly, the school received a new playground with a walking track.
“What a day,” said Wilson County Director of Schools Donna Wright. “This has been a monumental task and really sort of the crown at the end. We have been through a building program the likes of which I don't know that anyone's experienced in a long time.”
The school board made renovations at Carroll-Oakland School, Tuckers Crossroads School, Gladeville Elementary School and Watertown Elementary School. The Southside Elementary School renovations were the last to be completed.
“This is sort of the culminating event here at Southside,” said Wright. “No one could even begin to imagine the magnitude other than the people who have been living it.”
Board of Education chairman Larry Tomlinson thanked Wilson County citizens for their help in improving the schools.
“This is an over $70 million investment that our county – that you all – have made into our school system,” said Tomlinson. “You may see [board members'] names on the plaque when you come in the gym, but you all – the teachers, the staff the parents – are what makes this school system what it is.”
Members of the school's Beta Club provided tours to everyone present of the new hallways and classrooms after brief closing remarks from Wilson County Mayor Randall Hutto.
“To have a progressive school system, you have to have leaders who are willing to make a difference and take a stand,” said Hutto. “This group of board of education members, along with faculty, has done just that – not just here at Southside, but all across the county.”
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
14:53 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 CIA Chief Meets Abbas Ahead of Netanyahu-Trump Summit CIA director Mike Pompeo met on Tuesday with Mahmoud Abbas, one day before Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu's White House meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump.
► ◄ Last Briefs
In fairness, Frigo said, he has never seen a franchise behave quite like the Eagles, one of several teams that subscribes to EdjSports's predictive tools. The Eagles' shrewd application of analytics to everything from roster management to in-game strategy helped propel them to a 13-3 record and a berth in Super Bowl LII against the New England Patriots on Sunday.
Analyzing every team's risk-management style, EdjSports determined that Philadelphia optimizes decisions — on fourth down, especially — better than its peers by a substantial margin.
“The Eagles capture value at every turn,” said Tony DeFeo, the president of EdjSportss, “because they understand where the value lies.”
That understanding saturates an organization that not only accepts counterintuitive thinking but encourages it. The approach pervades every layer, from ownership to the football operations department, and from its analytics team to a coaching staff comfortable with mining statistical analysis for advantages. Philadelphia's defensive coordinator, Jim Schwartz, who earned an economics degree at Georgetown, has long been one of the league's leading devotees of statistical analysis — Frigo has known him for more than a decade — and some of his players said this week that they preferred studying probabilities and tendencies even before studying situations or receivers' routes.
“We're into the analytics as much as he is,” defensive back Jaylen Watkins said.
The Eagles have empowered Pederson to make decisions rooted in instinct or math, or both. They understand that what may seem a foolish move in the short term may enhance their chances of winning — as that fourth-down call against the Giants did. In a call that was likely to fail, Pederson identified that the upside of going for it outweighed the downside of failing.
Photo
“He can do whatever he chooses to do, but when you have the resource of data, why not?” the Eagles' owner, Jeffrey Lurie, said Monday night at the Super Bowl's opening festivities in St. Paul. “It's kind of a no-brainer.”
That is also how Frigo and his colleagues at EdjSports feel about using quantitative analysis in the N.F.L., which has yet to fully adopt it. EdjSports would not divulge how long it has worked with the Eagles or how many other teams are clients, though the logos adorning the walls of its office — of the Lions, Saints and Steelers, among others — offer a hint. Contractual obligations prevented EdjSports from sharing data that could compromise its relationship with the Eagles, but Frigo said many of Philadelphia's decisions have aligned with EdjSports's recommendations.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Those recommendations derive from a model drawing on years of play-by-play data, churning it through hundreds of thousands of simulations — sometimes more — to determine the decision that most boosts a team's likelihood of winning, a metric EdjSports calls GWC, for Game Winning Chance. Because the model cares only about producing the most wins on average, it tends to favor unorthodox moves.
Looking at a chart, Sean O'Leary, one of EdjAnalytics's founders, noted how it's mathematically defensible for a team on its first possession of overtime to go for it on fourth-and-1 at its own 10-yard line; not that a coach, facing public pressure to adhere to football norms, ever would.
But fourth downs are embedded with opportunity for those keen to exploit it. Frigo said that on fourth down alone, teams on average give up anywhere from two-thirds to three-quarters of a win over a season on what Edj classifies as high-confidence mistakes — that is, decisions that EdjSports's model has deemed with certainty to be an error. The worst offenders might lose as much as a game and a half.
Using the Patriots, who are not an EdjSports client, as an example, Frigo cued up on a screen one of the company's postgame reports, which allow a team to evaluate its decision-making. The report of New England's A.F.C. championship victory against Jacksonville revealed that Bill Belichick, perhaps the best coach in history, committed four of those high-confidence errors when he elected to punt instead of go for it. To Frigo, those mistakes confirmed coaches' susceptibility to conservative thinking from a purely game theory standpoint.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
By contrast, although the Eagles have not acted perfectly at every turn, DeFeo said they were “almost unblemished” this season in critical junctures, such as 2-point tries and fourth downs.
EdjSports's data indicates that the rest of the league treats fourth-down calls as a novelty, going for it mainly toward the latter stages of a game out of desperation, but the Eagles have shown unrivaled aggressiveness. Not so much in their frequency of attempts (26, second in the league to Green Bay's 28) or their success (65.4 percent conversion rate, third behind New Orleans and Jacksonville), but in their timing. Of their 26 attempts, 11 came before halftime.
In that Week 3 victory against the Giants, the Eagles converted a fourth-and-1 from their own 47 late in the first quarter and went on to score a touchdown. A few weeks later in Carolina, trailing by 10-3 with about four minutes left in the first half, the Eagles passed up a short field goal to go for it on fourth-and-1 from the Panthers' 3-yard line, a decision that increased their win probability by 2.9 percent. Three plays later, they scored a touchdown, and they eventually won, 28-23.
The Eagles leveraged the odds to their benefit in Week 14 in Los Angeles against the Rams, when they were down by 28-24 late in the third quarter but had fourth-and-goal at the 2. Again, they eschewed a field goal, which would have made it a one-possession game, and again they were rewarded with a touchdown. That call improved Philadelphia's win probability by a whopping 7.0 percent, and the result helped the Eagles defeat Los Angeles.
Photo
“Teams march down the field and feel like they've got to get something for their efforts,” Frigo said. “I think when they view a field goal, they're already chalking it up in their heads. Humans put an undue amount of weight on something that they're giving away versus something that they could acquire. But the problem is, that's counterintuitive to win probability.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Eagles further distinguished themselves with aggressive play-calling on short-yardage fourth downs, when the high-percentage call is often a quarterback sneak (and indeed, Wentz, before tearing a knee ligament against the Rams, converted all seven sneaks on fourth-and-1). But Pederson also mixed in handoffs and passes.
“The Eagles still might run it up the middle, but they might not,” Frigo said. “That's exactly the right way to use this information.”
It is a mandate from Lurie, who said he started believing in analytics about 20 years ago, heading into the 1999 N.F.L. draft. That investment led to selecting Donovan McNabb, who would go on to take Philadelphia to five conference championship games and a Super Bowl appearance, with the second pick.
Last season, the Eagles led the N.F.L. with 27 fourth-down attempts, but in the off-season, evaluating his performance as a rookie coach, Pederson resolved to grow more comfortable with data. Much as a chess player practices against a bot, Pederson can conceive different scenarios and adjust the variables — ball position, score, time remaining, to name just three — to ascertain how to react.
“I do feel like it can be overwhelming at times, trying to crunch all those numbers, and I wanted to kind of sift through everything and find the ones that are right for the football team,” Pederson said Thursday at a news conference in Bloomington, Minn.
Heading into games, Pederson speaks daily with the coaching assistant Ryan Paganetti, who joins Jon Ferrari, the team's director of football compliance, on the coaching headset during games. When the Eagles are on the field, they relay advice and discuss potential fourth-down plays as early as second down.
Teams are prohibited from using computers to process information during games, but with no ban on charts or graphs, the Eagles can plot strategy based on hypothetical situations run in the off-season or customized reports based on that week's opponent.
O'Leary, the EdjAnalytics co-founder, said those at the company do not speak with teams during the season to see how they integrate data into their workflow every week. But as curiosity morphed into delight among the EdjSports staff back in Week 3, something occurred to DeFeo.
EdjSports, he said, never would have conceived that fourth-and-8 situation against the Giants. It was something that the Eagles deemed valuable on their own. And when confronted, Pederson did not hesitate.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“The Eagles are the right group at the right time to embrace risk-management on a level that we haven't ever seen,” Frigo said. “They're in the Super Bowl for a reason.”
They didn't wear hoods as they chanted "Jews will not replace us." They weren't hiding their faces as they waved Confederate flags, racist signs and swastikas. They looked straight at a sea of cameras as they made the Nazi salute.
As Matt Thompson wrote for The Atlantic, the white supremacist march and rally this past weekend wasn't a KKK rally: "It was a pride march."
The bare-faced shamelessness was the point. But it was also an opening.
On the Internet, some people are crowd-sourcing efforts to identify and shame the people participating in the rally. Most prominently, on Twitter, the account called "Yes, You're Racist" has been soliciting help and posting IDs. "I'll make them famous," the account pledged.
So far, at least one protester is no longer employed after being publicly named and shamed.
Cole White, who used to work at a hot dog restaurant in Berkeley, Calif., "voluntarily resigned" on Saturday after his employer confronted him about his participation in the event, according to the Berkeleyside news site.
@YesYoureRacist is not a new Twitter account. Since 2012, the account has been calling out "casual racism on Twitter," according to the user's fundraising page. It would post screenshots of deleted racist tweets, highlight offensive comments by elected officials and retweet everyday users who would say "I'm not racist but ..." followed by something, well, racist.
But after the rally in Charlottesville, Yes You're Racist pivoted from highlighting online remarks to identifying real-world marchers.
Many of the people it named had publicly declared their plans to go to Charlottesville. The account identified one man as "Illegal Aryan," who wrote on the white supremacist site Daily Stormer last month, "See you in Charlottesville!"
"Illegal Aryan," real name Mark Daniel Reardon, was identified by an antifascist group this spring and confirmed on Daily Stormer that he lost his job as a result.
Another identified marcher, who has repeatedly tweeted holocaust denials and says he is a member of the Proud Boys, said on Twitter he was at Charlottesville. After he was identified, he said he's received death threats.
Of course, there's a long and not entirely noble tradition of online humiliation for perceived moral trespasses.
Jon Ronson, who literally wrote the book on the phenomenon (it's called So You've Been Publicly Shamed), chimed in on Twitter to give his take on the public identification of the white supremacists, white nationalists and neo-Nazis marching in Charlottesville.
"They were undisguised in a massively contentious rally surrounded by the media," he said, noting also that there's "a big difference" between making a thoughtless or offensive comment online and marching in the name of white power.
That said, Twitter is "a terrible information swapping service," he said, and some innocent people would inevitably get caught up in the process.
Indeed, the "Yes You're Racist" account has made, and acknowledged, some mistakes.
One of the photos it examined was from a previous Trump rally, not the Charlottesville march or rally. (That image featured a man wearing a Nazi armband. He said on Youtube he wore it as a "social experiment" to prove that "not all Trump supporters are Nazis. I went to the Trump rally as a Nazi and they kicked me out and disavowed me ... I dressed up as a Nazi to prove a point, not to spread a message of hate.")
Another photo was misidentified as the white supremacist Billy Roper. Roper, who has called for non-white races to be "eliminated" or "become extinct," did not actually attend the Charlottesville event. Roper, who is vehemently anti-Semitic, objected to the fact that one of the speakers at the event works with a Jewish fundraiser.
Roper wrote on his blog that he actively contributed to the confusion over the identity of the "Arkansas Engineering" marcher:
"Early on in the game, I decided to troll them by alternately confirming then denying that I was the person in the picture, in order to confuse the trail and distract them from the guy they were after. So, I spent the better part of the evening schooling some and gaming others."
As Roper muddied the waters, others on the Internet misidentified the man in the photo as a University of Arkansas professor, which was false.
Meanwhile, one young man who was photographed screaming at the torchlit march told a local news station that it was definitely him — but he insisted he's "not the angry racist" people see in the photo.
"As a white nationalist, I care for all people," said Peter Cvjetanovic, who is studying history and political science at the University of Nevada, Reno.
"I did not expect the photo to be shared as much as it was," he told KTVN.
A "Yes, You're Racist" tweet about Peter Cvjetanovic was retweeted more than 32,000 times.
U.S. 52 — at least the portion that runs through Carroll County, Virginia, may soon be named Veterans Memorial Highway.
The county's board of supervisors unanimously passed a resolution supporting the change for the road, which runs from the North Carolina-Virginia border, just north of Mount Airy, through Cana, Virginia, and then on to the Wythe County border in the north.
The vote came as a result of efforts of Clyde Easter, a Carroll County native who is a veteran of World War II and Anzio Beachhead. Easter served with the Third Infantry Division in Europe. He was wounded twice on the Anzio Beachhead and is a recipient of The Purple Heart and an Oak Leaf Cluster. He is a life member of Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 1115 in Hillsville.
Carroll County Administrator Steven Truitt brought the resolution before the board of supervisors recently. Truitt said he has gone through all the background work with the Virginia Department of Transportation and received estimates for three road signs in each direction proclaiming the stretch of road as Veterans Memorial Highway.
“They said it would be somewhere in the $2,500 or $3,000 range. Mr. Easter said either he personally or the VFW will pay for that,” Truitt said. “We have to say we are willing to do it as part of the resolution. This is part of VDOT's resolution to give the ceremonial name to that stretch of road. What you would be doing today is passing that resolution, which is the first step in the process.”
The resolution notes that every citizen of Carroll County has responsibilities as a citizen of the Republic and of the Commonwealth and that Virginia's veterans exemplify the fulfillment of these civic responsibilities by their service and sacrifices in the cause of freedom.
Supervisor Bob Martin said if you go into West Virginia, almost all roads and bridges are named for a World War II veteran.
“Everything has a name and a sign and it is very impressive. For that reason, I will move that the county authorize the passing of this resolution,” Martin said. “I think it needs to be done and it will be there when we are all gone.”
Supervisor Rex Hill seconded the motion, which passed unanimously.
Allen Worrell can be reached at (276) 779-4062 or on Twitter@AWorrellTCN
World War II and Anzio Beachhead veteran Clyde Easter is leading the effort to rename U.S. 52 in Carroll County as Veterans Memorial Highway. The board recently passed a resolution asking the Virginia Department of Transportation to institute the change. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/web1_TCN040517VeteransHighway.jpg World War II and Anzio Beachhead veteran Clyde Easter is leading the effort to rename U.S. 52 in Carroll County as Veterans Memorial Highway. The board recently passed a resolution asking the Virginia Department of Transportation to institute the change. File photo
That's The Trend — Gaillard at it again, scares jogger in park along with ‘T. rex'
Buffoon and public menace at large, Remi Gaillard, was at it again. Known for disguising himself in bizarre costumes and also using accomplices to heckle people, Gaillard, in the latest YouTube post, is seen scaring the living daylights out of a man jogging in a park.
The video shows the victim jogging, when all of a sudden Gaillard emerges from the bushes juggling a ball, followed by a T. rex. The unwary jogger is stumped by the sudden emergence of Gaillard, but his surprise turns to terror at the sight of the rather lame T. rex. The jogger fumbles and falls and scampers to the bushes only to land in a pond.
This video is trending on YouTube, with over
First Published | 17 April 2017 6:57 PM
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Charles Manson's cremated remains have been scattered nearly four months after the cult leader died in prison. A funeral was held Saturday following a court battle for the 83-year-old's remains.
Pastor Mark Pitcher of the Church of the Nazarene in Porterville, California, says 20 to 25 people attended the funeral.
Among them were Manson's grandson, Jason Freeman, and Freeman's wife, Audrey.
Freeman prevailed last week in a months-long court fight for custody of Manson's remains.
His grandfather was cremated after the service and his ashes scattered.
Pitcher said Monday he agreed to lead the service because Freeman and his wife are Christians.
Manson was sentenced to life in prison for orchestrating the 1969 murders of actress Sharon Tate and eight others.
He died in November.
It's been just 18 months since a gas well broke, causing tens of millions of pounds of natural gas to spew into the air in Porter Ranch, on the outskirts of Los Angeles. It ranks as the worst methane leak in U.S. history. The leak was capped, but residents continue to complain about getting sick from the gas field. But even with all this, the housing market there is booming, especially on the high end.
"I told my wife we were going to buy this house even if we had to wear a gas mask," said Gabriel Barajas as the couple toured a 5,272 square-foot model home similar to the one they'll move into this summer. "I always wanted to have a house up in the hills, and I finally bought it," said Barajas, who grew up in the San Fernando Valley.
The Barajas' home is one of more than 1,400 that Toll Brothers Inc. plans to build over the coming years as part of a planned community that sits about a mile from where the gas leak occurred, according to the company. When the project is complete, the development will feature 3,400 homes and condos.
"I know that they wouldn't be building these homes if we were in danger," Erica Barajas said.
Toll Brothers completed its takeover of the Porter Ranch development in 2014, more than a year before the gas leak.
"It was an inopportune time," said Toll Brothers Division Vice President Frank Su. "Toll Brothers has a significant investment here in Porter Ranch."
The four-month leak was finally capped in February 2016, and some Porter Ranch residents still complain about health effects from the Aliso Canyon gas storage field. But the episode seems to be of little concern to many people looking to buy Toll Brothers homes.
Toll Brothers said it has sold four houses this year for more than $2 million each in Porter Ranch and has four more that will close soon, all record-high prices for the area. The firm's most basic houses go for just under $1 million. Most feature grand staircases, large walk-in closets and spacious kitchens.
The strength of the market seems to have surprised even Toll Brothers executives, who told investors in a conference call last year that the company didn't have to offer discounts after the leak.
"We have made no downward adjustments in our pricing," said Toll Brothers CEO Douglas C. Yearley Jr. "It should absolutely be business as usual with typical Southern California pricing power and great action."
Longtime Porter Ranch real estate agent Ken Sampson said these days, he rarely gets questions from prospective buyers about the well.
"A year ago it was on everyone's mind," he said. "Maybe one out of 15 asks about it today. It was a shock to all of us that the facility was even there, but I believe as a whole, the public in general doesn't really pay attention to it."
Except for people like Laurie Carrigan, who last month moved her three dogs and six kids to a house farther away from the gas field. She said her family was still getting sick, even though the ruptured well has been capped for awhile.
"People that actually have experienced the grief and the doctor's appointments and the constant rashes and nosebleeds are not willing to buy a house in Porter Ranch," Carrigan said. "They're willing to get as far away as possible."
She's not selling her old house yet because her home value has been slower to recover, something analysts say is common with houses closer to Aliso Canyon.
"We do see fewer sales the closer you get to the actual gas leak, but because those sales aren't happening, they're not affecting the prices," said Daren Blomquist, vice-president of RealtyTrac.
Overall, home sales are up 18 percent in Porter Ranch over the past year, according to RealtyTrac.
"People are buying houses again," said Carrigan, who is a realtor. But because she doesn't want others to go through what she has, she recently found herself in the strange position of steering a client away from buying in the Toll Brothers development. "I told them, 'Don't buy until you know for sure. You have two small kids. Don't do it.'"
She said it's tough to convince clients to stay away, because they're hearing from Toll Brothers that the leak is fixed.
"If it's fixed you assume it's OK," said Carrigan, who said besides unanswered questions about what caused the blowout, "there are still elevated spikes" of natural gas emanating from Aliso Canyon.
Toll Brothers' Su acknowledges he still has concerns about the storage field.
"The gas leak was not great, and we still have concerns about the future and safeness of the facility," he said.
Toll Brothers agents emphasize to perspective buyers the level of regulatory oversight at Aliso Canyon, Su said.
"We tell them the leak has been capped, the facility has been there for 50-plus years, and it's probably the most regulated facility in the entire country," he said. "We feel like it's going to be very safe in the future," said Su, adding that for most potential buyers, "that's enough for them."
Su said he wouldn't be recommending Porter Ranch if he didn't happily live there with his family for the past three years.
"We were here during the leak and my kids weren't affected," said Su. "Porter Ranch is still a great place. It's not a horrible place."
It's also the rare place in Los Angeles where there are top schools, low crime rates, and where people can customize a home with a view from the ground up — pluses that outweigh risks for many with the means to purchase a home here.
Recently, a California Senate committee approved an emergency bill that would keep the Aliso Canyon gas storage field closed until regulators complete a study into what caused the leak. Southern California Gas Company opposes the measure. It maintains the storage field can operate safely while the study is underway.
LaVar Ball left behind many things—including the Ball Estate and his three Rottweiler puppies—when he and his family followed LiAngelo and LaMelo from Chino Hills to Lithuania. His appetite for sweet treats wasn't one of them.
After indulging his love of basketball by watching two of Lithuania's top women's basketball teams battle in Kaunas on Friday, the Big Baller Brand CEO spoke briefly to the media, only to be whisked away by the appeal of milk and cookies.
Related LaVar Ball celebrates ZO2 Prime Remix shipments with chocolate cake
“Hey man, I'm trying to get some milk and cookies right now. That's why I'm trying to rush you guys, man,” he said. “I got some milk and cookies waiting on the Baller.”
For what it's worth, LaVar said he enjoyed the game—an 80-70 win for Hoptrans-Sirenas over Vinius Kibirkštis in LMKL play—and suggested that a women's team scoring 80 points was “like the boys scoring 100.”
The Big Baller can only hope his boys help Prienu Vytautas score that many points (or more) when they host Lithuanian powerhouse Zalgiris Kaunas in LKL play on Sunday, starting at 7:20 a.m. PT.
Senior Hamas figure Ismail Radwan has told Al-Khalij Online, "Israel is trying to drag Gaza into a war whose outcome nobody knows," according to Channel 10 Television.
Referring to Hamas attack tunnels originating in Gaza, Radwan added: "The tunnels are an excuse to prepare the Israeli public and international public opinion for this war." Referring to Israel's barrier project around Gaza, he said, "All the Palestinian factions are totally opposed to the plan, because such a fence is like a new siege on the residents of the Strip."
TORONTO — The Latest on the incident in which a van plowed down a Toronto sidewalk, killing and injuring several people (all times local):
9:25 a.m.
The president of Invesco Canada says one of the financial company's employees was among those killed in when a van plowed into pedestrians in Toronto.
Peter Intraligi says the company's "thoughts and prayers" were with "all those impacted by this tragic event."
The company had earlier issued a statement saying two of its employees were affected.
A new statement from Intraligi says "I can now confirm that unfortunately one of our employees has succumbed to her injuries." He added: "Out of respect for her and her family, we will not be providing any further comments."
Police are trying to determine why a driver plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk in Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15 in what many said seemed a deliberate attack.
___
8:55 a.m.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says authorities see no national security element in the seeming attack on pedestrians in Canada's largest city.
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, a branch of the Interior Department, in September proposed bringing the bee under federal safeguards.
The rule formalizing the listing of the vanishing pollinator, once widely found in the upper Midwest and Northeastern United States, was published in the Federal Register on Jan. 11 and was to take effect last Friday.
The Natural Resources Defense Council said the listing has been delayed until March 21 as part of a broader freeze ordered by Trump's White House on rules issued by the prior administration aimed at protecting public health and the environment.
The group argued in a lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York that U.S. wildlife managers had violated the law by abruptly suspending the bumble bee listing without public notice or comment. They said the rule technically became final when it was published in the Federal Register.
The lawsuit seeks to have a judge declare that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service acted unlawfully and to order the agency to rescind the rule delaying the bumble bee's listing.
"The science is clear—this species is headed toward extinction, and soon. There is no legitimate reason to delay federal protections," Natural Resources Defense Council senior attorney Rebecca Riley said in a statement.
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service could not immediately be reached for comment.
Bumble bees pollinate wildflowers and about a third of U.S. crops, from blueberries to tomatoes, according to the Xerces Society for Invertebrate Conservation.
The bee's population and range have declined by more than 90 percent since the late 1990s due to disease, pesticides, climate change and habitat loss, according to wildlife officials.
The insect is one of 47 varieties of native bumble bees in the United States and Canada, more than a quarter of which face the risk of extinction, according to the International Union for the Conservation of Nature.
In September, seven varieties of yellow-faced bees in Hawaii became the first such insects to be added to the U.S. list of endangered species because of losses due to habitat destruction, wildfires and the invasion of nonnative plants and insects.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- Despite having its own constitution, democratically elected government, military, currency, 20 diplomatic allies, population of 23.5 million and territorial boundary encompassing 36,197 square kilometers, Wikipedia editors have decided to demote Taiwan's ranking on the list of countries by GDP to a hyphen for being a "state with limited international recognition."
On Monday (March 19), a user of the social media site Reddit posted a link to Wikipedia's English ranking of countries based on their GDP, titled "List of countries by GDP (nominal) per capita." The page currently explains because of its "limited international recognition" Taiwan is not ranked in the chart, but is listed in italics "in sequence by GDP for comparison."
A look at the edit history of the page reveals that Taiwan had as recently as January of this year been ranked 34 under the International Monetary Fund estimates, was not in italics and there was no such categorization of it as an having less international recognition.
Screen capture of Jan. 19 version.
However on Feb. 2, without explanation, Wikipedia editors, took its ranking off the chart and replaced it with a hyphen and added the wording about its limited recognition.
Screen capture of Feb. 2 version.
Since the creation of the page in 2004 (when Taiwan was listed as a country), Taiwan's status as a sovereign country has been changed multiple times on the page, with those in favor of keeping Taiwan on the list saying that it is recognized as a sovereign state by Wikipedia itself. "Taiwan is described as a "sovereign state" on its wiki article. Italics and dash only for non-sovereign entities," wrote EvergreenFir on May 17, 2016.
While those he seeks to demote Taiwan's status on the page or remove it entirely argue that Taiwan is not recognized by certain international organizations such as the IMF: "Taiwan's eventual status is undetermined and is certainly not sovereign. In fact, they are considered a "Province of China" by the IMF," wrote Shen333 on May 22, 2016.
Yet, in a textbook case clearly demonstrating that Wikipedia is anything but reliable and consistent, the traditional Chinese version of the page ranks Taiwan 34 and does not subjugate it as a state with limited status.
Screen capture of current traditional Chinese version.
This year's removal of Taiwan from the ranks of countries by Wikipedia matches the timing of a series of corporate and government websites that have relented to pressure from Beijing to list Taiwan as "province," "area" or part of China.
Royal Canadian Legion Branch 56 in Port Colborne will be taking time next Friday to remember those who served in the Dieppe Raid during the Second World War.
Bob Saracino, second vice-president of Branch 56, described the raid as a battle that taught a valuable lesson and started the ball rolling toward D-Day in 1944, but at a frightful price.
The Dieppe Raid took place 75 years ago on Aug. 19 and involved nearly 5,000 Canadian troops, of which only 2,210 returned to England, many of whom were wounded. Saracino said 907 Canadians lost their lives as a result of the raid.
He said although there is controversy surrounding the Dieppe Raid, he wants to recognize those who fought and sees the day as important because of how it affected the war from that point forward.
The Legion will be having a short ceremony at King George Park, on Clarence Street at Catharine Street, on Aug. 18 at 11:30 a.m., the day before the anniversary of the raid. The public is invited to attend.
Saracino said he will share about the raid and there will be a wreath laying with the colour guard on site.
He said he is looking into whether any Port Colborne residents took part in the battle. While there are a couple names that popped into his head, he wants to confirm the two men did indeed participate in the raid before announcing anything. Should they prove to have been a part of the raid, they will be recognized at the ceremony.
lbarton@postmedia.com
Twitter: @LBartonTribune
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump's State of the Union speech (all times local):
12:30 p.m.
Four of the Supreme Court's nine justices are expected to attend the State of the Union address.
Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Stephen Breyer, Elena Kagan and Neil Gorsuch are expected at the speech. Roberts, Breyer and Kagan regularly attend, as do justices appointed by the president who is speaking. Trump nominated Gorsuch a year ago.
Among the justices who will not be in the audience, Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito haven't attended a State of the Union speech in years. Alito last went in 2010, when he was captured on camera mouthing the words "not true" in response to President Barack Obama's criticism of the court's then new ruling in the Citizens United campaign finance case.
Justice Anthony Kennedy's long-standing travel plans have him in California. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is in Rhode Island and Justice Sonia Sotomayor is in Panama.
___
12:18 p.m.
President Donald Trump's top economic and national security advisers help with his State of the Union address.
A White House official says national security adviser H.R. McMaster and economic adviser Gary Cohn contributed to the speech Trump plans to deliver Tuesday night at the Capitol. The official says they were assisted by policy adviser Stephen Miller, staff secretary Rob Porter and other speechwriters.
The official stressed that the speech is the president's and that Trump has spent months giving his aides "tidbits" on lines he wants to use.
The White House has said Trump will use the speech to discuss economy and national security, as well as trade, immigration and infrastructure.
The official was not authorized to discuss internal White House deliberations by name and spoke on condition of anonymity.
__
1:27 a.m.
President Donald Trump will herald a robust economy and push for bipartisan congressional action on immigration in Tuesday's State of the Union address.
The speech marks the ceremonial kickoff of Trump's second year in office and is traditionally a president's biggest platform to speak to the nation. However, Trump has redefined presidential communications with his high-octane, filter-free Twitter account and there's no guarantee that the carefully crafted speech will resonate beyond his next tweet.
Still, White House officials are hopeful the president can use the prime-time address to Congress and millions of Americans watching at home to take credit for a soaring economy. Trump argues that the tax overhaul he signed into law late last year has boosted business confidence and will lead companies to reinvest in the United States.
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
By Susan Cornwell
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - More than 50 female Democratic lawmakers in the U.S. House of Representatives called on Monday for a congressional investigation into allegations by various women of sexual misconduct against President Donald Trump, who has denied the accusations.
"We cannot ignore the multitude of women who have come forward with accusations against Mr. Trump," the lawmakers wrote in their letter, though a formal inquiry was unlikely to result because Republicans control the agenda in Congress.
The letter, spearheaded by the Democratic women's working group, which is composed of all the party's female members in the House, was signed by 56 lawmakers. It followed a call earlier on Monday by three women who have accused Trump of sexual misconduct for a congressional investigation into his behavior.
The lawmakers' request for a probe was sent to leaders of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, the main investigative committee in the House.
Over the past two years, more than a dozen women have accused Trump of making unwanted sexual advances against them in the years before he entered politics. Monday's letter from the Democrats said there were at least 17 accusers and listed names.
"The president's own remarks appear to back up the allegations," the letter said, saying Trump had boasted "that he feels at liberty to perpetrate such conduct against women."
"The president should be allowed to present evidence in his own defense," said the lawmakers.
The letter was addressed to oversight panel Chairman Trey Gowdy, a Republican, and top Democrat Elijah Cummings.
Trump last year apologized for talking about groping women in a 2005 tape recording that surfaced weeks before the presidential election, and said he had not done the things he talked about.
More recently, Trump has told allies that the voice on the recording was not his, The New York Times reported recently.
Trump and White House officials have denied the sexual misconduct allegations against him, some of which date back to the 1980s.
"These false claims, totally disputed in most cases by eyewitness accounts, were addressed at length during last year's campaign, and the American people voiced their judgment by delivering a decisive victory," a White House spokesperson said in a statement on Monday.
(Reporting by Susan Cornwell; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Leslie Adler)
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull turned heads on Tuesday when he announced that the popular 457 visas was being scrapped. He said that a new version of the visa programme will focus on recruiting only the “best and the brightest”.
The 457 visa is used by over 95,000 temporary foreign workers with many of them being Indian nationals. The Australian government, much like the Trump administration, is aiming to tackle the unemployment rate in the country by hiring Australians.
He said on Facebook, “Our reforms will have a simple focus: Australian jobs and Australian values.”
After this abolition, Australia will now only welcome skilled workers. Turnbull said that he could not allow passports to jobs that “could and should go to Australians”.
The government claimed that the 457 visa was allegedly being used by companies to bring inexpensive workers from abroad. The Australian government will now instead focus on “filling critical skill gaps and not bring in foreign workers because an employer finds it cheaper and easier to do so”.
For those who are already in Australia under the 457 visa programme, they will not be affected by the change.
In an attempt to deter migrant families from crossing the border, the Trump administration has been separating children from their parents and sending them to different shelters or foster homes, where they may be kept apart for weeks or even months. This policy, which has affected approximately 700 children so far, violates basic human rights and horrifies any parent with enough imagination to put themselves in the place of these immigrants.
As members of a team of researchers who have investigated the impact of separating children from their parents during early childhood, we were struck by another aspect of this news: In an effort to increase security, the Trump administration has hit upon a policy that we know is actually likely to increase delinquency and criminality among these children in the future. While trying to protect American citizens, the administration may be placing them in greater jeopardy.
If we have learned nothing else in the past 50 years of research on child development, it is that children do best in families and that violating this norm has terrible effects.
In a long-term study of children separated from their parents early in life and raised for periods without family members, we and our colleagues — Nathan Fox, Kathryn Humphreys, Katie McLaughlin and Charley Zeanah — found a profound impact on their cognitive ability, social function, mental health and brain development.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe drafted a memo on the firing of his onetime boss, James Comey.
That's according to a person familiar with the memo, who insisted on anonymity to discuss a secret document that has been provided to special counsel Robert Mueller.
The person says the memo concerned a conversation McCabe had with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein about Rosenstein's preparations for Comey's firing.
The Associated Press reported in March that McCabe had drafted multiple memos, including about his interactions with President Donald Trump.
The New York Times first reported on the content of this particular memo.
McCabe became FBI acting director following Comey's firing last May. He was fired as deputy director in March amid an inspector general finding that he had misled internal investigators.
Person Spotted Climbing Up Statue Of LibertyPolice have responded to a person seen climbing up the Statue of Liberty on July 4, 2018.
CBS2 News Update: July 4 at 3:30 p.m.Dana Tyler has the latest news updates from CBS2: Nathan's hot dog contest, parades galore, fireworks trouble and more.
Update: Chestnut Breaks His Hot Dog Eating Record, 74 In 10 MinutesDefending champions Joey "Jaws" Chestnut and Miki Sudo held their holds on The Mustard Belt in this year's Nathan's Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest. CBS2's Marc Liverman reports.
Update: Wet & Wild July 4th Parade In Stewart ManorCBS2's Jenna Deangelis shows off how firefighters and their fans exchange volleys of water balloons and water cannon fire during the annual 4th of July parade in Stewart Manor on Long Island.
Man Transforms Yard Into Giant American FlagArthur McCann of Norwood, Massachusetts, transformed his front lawn into an American flag complete with 50 stars and 13 stripes. CBS2's Dick Brennan and Alex Denis report.
Tip Of The Day: Black Pluot PlumsTony Tanillo reports.
Karen LeFrak, a longtime friend of the couple, speaks out about the president and first lady's relationship rumors.
President Donald Trump and his wife first lady Melania Trump visited the Episcopal Church of Bethesda-by-the-Sea Sunday morning in Palm Beach, Florida, to celebrate Easter along with daughter Tiffany Trump and son Barron Trump.
Trump is the first president to visit Palm Beach for Easter since former President John F. Kennedy spent his last Easter in 1963 at his family's estate there and attended the mass at St. Edward Catholic Church.
Trump visited the Easter service at the church during his seventh visit to his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach.
Security Service officers accompanied the president and his family to the church and Trump sat adjacent to the aisle in a pew near the altar.
Worshippers eagerly waited for the 11 a.m. EDT Easter service, clad in floral dresses and wide-brimmed hats. Heavy security was employed for the president's arrival. Traffic also slowed down in front of the church while the presidential vehicles arrived.
The first lady posted a picture with her husband at the church during the celebrations on her Instagram account.
The last time a president visited Palm Beach during Easter was in April 1963, when Kennedy and his family, including his wife Jackie Kennedy and his children, spent the Christian holiday on the island near his father's winter home on the north end.
One of Palm Beach's residents recalled how the former first family spent their vacation. “The Secret Service was in all these little boats, going crazy, yelling 'stay away,'” said Toni Briant Hollis, a 24-year-old Palm Beach real estate agent then, who was also a passenger aboard the sailboat that passed the presidential yacht called “Honey Fitz.”
“We were showing off, going back and forth trying to get the president's attention. We wanted him to wave at us,” Hollis told the Palm Beach Post.
Trump is the first sitting president to visit Palm Beach on Easter in the last 54 years. His predecessor Barack Obama and his family attended Easter service at Alfred Street Baptist Church, a historic Virginia church.
Related Articles
Jim Bentley says his Morecambe side showed how good they could be in their win over Coventry City at the Globe Arena on Saturday.
Goals from Vadaine Oliver and Callum Lang saw the Shrimps to an impressive 2-0 victory.
“We have been playing OK but without taking our chances but there were two that came our way today – and we could have had more and maybe could have had a penalty as well,” said Bentley.
“We were on the front foot and were competitive, while big Vadaine (Oliver) put in a strong performance up front.
“We have set our standard but he has set his now; that's what we need from him every game but it was a pleasing performance with a clean sheet as well.
“We needed a win because we were disappointed with losing at Shrewsbury in the FA Cup last week.
“Overall, our performances have been pretty decent and we have created chances if you think back to when we beat Wycombe at home and Hartlepool in the FA Cup.
“We kept a clean sheet at Colchester and the defeat against Crewe was a similar game to day in that it was one that we didn't deserve to lose.
“We have done the same today but, thankfully, we have scored from a free-kick.
“They had a go second half and I was disappointed with our shape from throw-ins.
“They hit the post from the same position where Crewe scored their winner against us.”
And since helping the Chicago Cubs win the World Series last year — carrying an especially heavy load in October, to do it — Chapman has not looked the same. His fastball, while still at an elite level of around 101 miles per hour, no longer regularly hits 104 as it has done with great frequency throughout his career.
One of his fastest pitches Sunday night, a two-strike, 102.8-mile-per-hour fastball, was driven by Devers over the left-field wall.
Sent back out for the 10th inning, Chapman struck out pinch-hitter Mitch Moreland but then hit Jackie Bradley Jr. with an 0-2 fastball. After Chapman walked Eduardo Nunez — with a 3-2 fastball sailing to the backstop — Girardi lifted him for Kahnle, who walked Mookie Betts to load the bases.
That set up Benintendi, who had hit three home runs in the series, to be the hero when he lined a single into right to score Bradley.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
After Kahnle struck out Hanley Ramirez, Devers nearly blew the game open by lining a ball deep into the left-field corner. But left fielder Brett Gardner raced over to make an off-balance catch, giving the Yankees a chance for some more late-inning magic.
This time, though, Red Sox closer Craig Kimbrel, who had come on in the ninth to strike out Gardner with a runner at third, zipped through the heart of the Yankees' order. Aaron Hicks grounded out, Aaron Judge struck out and Gary Sanchez flied out.
Sale's dominance was virtually matched by Jordan Montgomery, who pitched one day after being hit on the head by a liner while signing autographs during batting practice.
The only run Sale allowed was barely earned. Mookie Betts, a Gold Glove outfielder, dropped a fly ball by Austin Romine that was charitably scored as a triple. It allowed Chase Headley to race home from first with two outs. The run actually made Sale's career earned run average against the Yankees climb to 1.18, the lowest ever against the Yankees by anyone with at least 50 innings pitched.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Yankees took a 2-1 lead in the eighth when Matt Barnes walked Hicks with one out, Judge poked a single to right and Sanchez walked to load the bases. Frazier, who drove in the go-ahead run on Friday night, delivered again by driving a 3-2 pitch deep enough to center field to score Hicks easily.
But the lead did not hold up when Devers, the 20-year-old prospect who was called up last month, drive a 1-2 pitch from Chapman far into the left-field bullpen to tie the score at 2-2.
Chapman had pitched only twice before since July 31, and he did little to inspire confidence either time. He escaped at Cleveland when Gardner made a leaping catch at the left-field wall to deprive Jose Ramirez of an extra-base hit and in all likelihood the game-tying R.B.I. And in Friday's win over the Red Sox, Chapman walked the bases loaded with none out before being aided by his left fielder again: Hicks threw out Nunez as he tried to take third on a deep fly ball.
The Jordanian parliament on Sunday approved a proposal to establish a committee to reevaluate all formal ties with Israel, including the peace agreement, Haaretz reported.
According to the proposal, the committee will study Jordan's agreements with Israel and look into Israel's violation of them in order to determine whether or not the agreements should be continued or canceled.
Former captains of Bangladesh Mohammad Ashraful and Habibul Bashar have banged the drums ahead of the crucial knockout fixture against India for the final berth in Champions Trophy 2017.
Although India is the favourites to brush aside their neighbours in the game to be played on Thursday, but Bashar and Ashraful are of belief that pressure will be more on India rather than on Bangladesh.
“India are the defending champions it's no secret that they will be under more pressure,” said Habibul Bashar.
India and Bangladesh have clashed with each other on 7 occasions and India have triumphed 6 times. Last victory that Bangladesh registered against India came back in 2007.
Ashraful was also positive about Bangladesh's chances in the upcoming match, saying “For us this is our first semifinal and we are more than happy. But India have the weight of expectations from 1.3 billion people. It's for them to defend the title.”
Bangladesh booked their semi final berth after beating New Zealand in a sensational game by 5 wickets. They were reduced to 33/4 by New Zealand's bowling attack but defying all odds, successfully chased a target of 267 runs at the expense of five batsmen.
Advertisement
Sexual Harassment Training Doesn't Work. But Some Things Do. Traditional methods can backfire, but ideas like teaching bystanders to intervene and promoting more women have proved effective. Image Credit Lorraine Sorlet
Many people are familiar with typical corporate sexual harassment training: clicking through a PowerPoint, checking a box that you read the employee handbook or attending a mandatory seminar at which someone lectures about harassment while attendees glance at their phones.
At best, research has found, that type of training succeeds in teaching people basic information, like the definition of harassment and how to report violations. At worst, it can make them uncomfortable, prompting defensive jo kes, or reinforce gender stereotypes, potentially making harassment worse. Either way, it usually fails to address the root problem: preventing sexual harassment from happening in the first place.
That's because much of the training exists for a different reason altogether. Two 1998 Supreme Court cases determined that for a company to avoid liability in a sexual harassment case, it had to show that it had trained employees on its anti-harassment policies.
But while training protects companies from lawsuits, it can also backfire by reinforcing gender stereotypes, at least in the short term, according to research by Justine Tinkler, a sociologist at the University of Georgia. That's because it tends to portray men as powerful and sexually insatiable and women as vulnerable. Her research has shown this effect no matter how minimal the training. “It puts women in a difficult position in terms of feeling confident and empowered in the workplace,” she said.
Other research found that training that described people in a legal context, as harassers or victims, led those being trained to reject it as a waste of time because they didn't think the labels applied to them, known as an “identity threat reaction,” said Shannon Rawski, a professor of business at the University of Wisconsin, Oshkosh. Training was least effective with people who equated masculinity with power. “In other words, the men who were probably more likely to be harassers were the ones who were least likely to benefit,” said Eden King, a psychologist at Rice University.
Training is essential but not enough, researchers say. To actually prevent harassment, companies need to create a culture in which women are treated as equals and employees treat one another with respect.
“Organizations often implement training programs in order to reduce their likelihood of being named in harassment suits or to check a box for E.E.O.C. purposes,” Ms. King said, referring to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. “If we're actually trying to change or reduce the likelihood of sexual harassment, that's a different outcome altogether. That's not a knowledge problem, that's a behavior problem.”
Here are evidence-based ideas for how to create a workplace culture that rejects harassment. Researchers say they apply not just to men attacking women but to other types of harassment, too.
Empower the Bystander
This equips everyone in the workplace to stop harassment, instead of offering people two roles no one wants: harasser or victim, Ms. Rawski said. Bystander training is still rare in corporate America but has been effectively used on college campuses, in the military and by nonprofits.
One study found that soldiers who received the training were significantly more likely than those who did not to report having taken action when they saw assault or harassment. Another found that it changed college students' attitudes regarding sexual violence and individuals' ability to stop it, a change measurable both immediately after the training and a year later.
Image Credit Lorraine Sorlet
Trainers suggest choices for what to do as a bystander. Most don't advise confronting the harasser in the moment, because it can escalate and put the bystander in jeopardy. If comfortable doing so, they suggest, a bystander can say something like, “That joke wasn't funny.”
Another option is to disrupt the situation, such as by dropping a loud book or asking the victim to come to the conference room. (Charles Sonder, referred to as Snackman in a widely shared video, defused a fight on the subway by standing between the combatants, eating chips.)
Observers can talk to the harasser later, by asking questions but not lobbing accusations: “Were you aware of how you came off in that conversation?” Researchers also suggest talking openly about inappropriate behavior, like asking colleagues: “Did you notice that? Am I the only one who sees it this way?”
One crucial element, researchers say, is for bystanders to talk to targets of harassment. They often feel isolated, and observers might not know if they thought the interaction was consensual or amusing. Colleagues could say: “I noticed that happened. Are you O.K. with that?” If not, they could offer to accompany the victim to the human resources department.
“So many victims blame themselves, so a bystander saying, ‘This isn't your fault, you didn't do anything wrong,' is really, really important,” said Sharyn Potter, a sociologist at the University of New Hampshire who runs a research group there for sexual violence prevention.
Bystanders are unlikely to be present when the most egregious offenses happen, but harassers often test how far they can go by starting with inappropriate comments or touches, said Robert Eckstein, the lead trainer at the research group. A good workplace culture stops them before the offenses get worse.
“Bystander intervention is not about putting on your cape and saving the day,” he said. “It's about having a conversation with a friend about the way they talk about women.”
Encourage Civility
One problem with traditional training, researchers say, is that it teaches people what not to do — but is silent on what they should do. Civility training aims to fill that gap.
Fran Sepler, who designed new training programs for the E.E.O.C., starts by asking participants to brainstorm a list of respectful behaviors. These often sound trivial, she said, but aren't common enough, like praising work, refraining from interrupting and avoiding multitasking during conversations. A big one is spotlighting contributions by people who are marginalized. A person could say: “She just raised that same idea. Would she like to expand on it?”
Image Credit Lorraine Sorlet
Ms. Sepler gives people scripts for how to give and receive constructive feedback about rude behavior, so it can be dealt with in the moment. She teaches supervisors how to listen to complaints without being dismissive.
Train Seriously and Often
The most effective training, researchers say, is at least four hours, in person, interactive and tailored for the particular workplace — a restaurant's training would differ from a law firm's. It's best if done by the employees' supervisor or an external expert (not an H.R. official with no direct oversight).
It also seems to help if white men are involved in the training. A recent paper found that women and minorities are penalized in performance reviews for supporting diversity, while white men are taken more seriously when they do it. Another found a backlash against training when it was done by a woman but not a man.
Training shouldn't be infrequent, and the topic should come up in conversations about other things, whether strategy or customer service, said KC Wagner, a harassment prevention trainer at Cornell's ILR School.
“We're talking about literally generations of people getting away with abusing power,” Mr. Eckstein said. “Thinking you can change that in a one-hour session is absurd. You're not going to just order some bagels and hope it goes away.”
Promote More Women
Research has continually shown that companies with more women in management have less sexual harassment. It's partly because harassment flourishes when men are in power and women aren't, and men feel pressure to accept other men's sexualized behavior.
It also helps to reduce gender inequality in other ways, research shows, like paying and promoting men and women equally, and including both sexes on teams.
Encourage Reporting
Most women don't report harassment. Some don't want to take the risk alone; fear retaliation; don't know whom to report it to; or don't think anything will be done. They may not want to end someone's career — they just want to stop the behavior.
Image Credit Lorraine Sorlet
The E.E.O.C. has suggested a counterintuitive idea: Reward managers if harassment complaints increase, at least initially, in their departments — that means employees have faith in the system. It also recommended giving dozens of people in the organization responsibility for receiving reports, to increase the odds that victims can talk to someone they're comfortable with.
Ian Ayres, a Yale professor of law and management, has written about using so-called information escrows for harassment reporting. Victims submit a time-stamped complaint against an abuser, and can request that it is reported only if another employee files a complaint against the same person.
Researchers also suggested proportional consequences: Harassers shouldn't be automatically fired; it should depend on the offense.
“If the penalty is someone's always going to get fired, lots of targets won't come forward,” Ms. Rawski said. “But research suggests if you let the small things slide, it opens the door for more severe behaviors to enter the workplace .”
Claire Cain Miller writes about gender, families and the future of work for The Upshot. She joined The Times in 2008, and previously covered the tech industry for Business Day. @clairecmFacebook
Sign up for The Upshot Newsletter Get the best of The Upshot's news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. SEE SAMPLE Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services. Thank you for subscribing. View all New York Times newsletters. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. Sign Up
The Jerusalem-based Hitorerut movement expressed its deep sorrow at the death of Rabbi Shteinman.
"Rabbi Shteinman was one of the great spiritual leaders of our generation, who led with humility and boldness huge communities. His halakhic legacy and greatness in Torah which allowed many in the haredi community to integrate will accompany the people of Israel for many more years.
"We send our condolences to his family, students and followers."
Getty Image
The story of the Golden State Warriors recruiting Kevin Durant during the 2016 offseason is pretty well known. The Warriors fell to the Cleveland Cavaliers in the NBA Finals, and almost immediately, players (namely Draymond Green) started doing what they could to convince Durant that he was the missing piece they needed to become champions once again.
Apparently, Chris Paul thought this was an effective way of pitching a franchise, which is why he's reportedly already doing this with LeBron James. It's been less than two days since the Warriors bounced the Houston Rockets from the 2018 NBA Playoffs, which means Paul has his sites set on bringing his banana boat buddy to Houston.
According to Marc Stein of the New York Times, Paul has started trying to pitch James on joining the Rockets in the event he opts out of his contract and becomes an unrestricted free agent this summer.
John Coltrane and David Byrne aren't casual choices for a choreographer looking for dance music — at least they shouldn't be. Yet last week, Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater proved that there's a place for both. Twyla Tharp's “The Golden Section,” set to music by Mr. Byrne and returning to the repertory this season, still shimmers. True, the dancers need more time to live in the groove of her tricky coordinations — the movement needs to look as though it's melting off the body — but nothing checks that box faster than performance time.
The surprise came in the somber radiance of Jamar Roberts's new work, “Members Don't Get Weary,” which had its premiere on Friday at New York City Center. Clearly Mr. Roberts has grown since last year's “Gêmeos,” a hectic and hollow creation for Ailey II. Perhaps, for him, a dance like “Members” is what happens when choreographic intention is more important than steps. It has that ease.
A veteran of the Ailey company, Mr. Roberts may be known for his strength and commanding presence as a dancer, but he has a softer side too, and both came through in “Members,” set to two recordings by John Coltrane, “Dear Lord” and “Olé.” The program included a Ralph Ellison quote about the blues being “an impulse to keep the painful details and episodes of a brutal experience alive in one's aching consciousness, to finger its jagged grain, and to transcend it.” Those words reverberate throughout “Members.”
The work began with Coltrane's ballad “Dear Lord,” in which the cast — dressed in Mr. Roberts's blue and lavender costumes that deftly blurred the line between chic urban wear and work uniforms — was stationed on the stage in two groups.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It made for a striking opening scene, helped by Brandon Stirling Baker's lighting and scenic design: Five dancers, bending forward and reaching up with imploring arms, clustered close in a corner of the stage, while five others stood along the back of it. All wore straw hats with enormous brims; instantly, the imagination traveled to another time: laborers, a hot field, an unforgiving sun.
By ANNE FLAHERTY
The Associated Press
WASHINGTON — There is no evidence that the FBI planted a “spy” on President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign, a senior House Republican said Wednesday, directly contradicting Trump's repeated insistence that the agency inserted a “spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win.”
Rep. Trey Gowdy, chairman of the House Oversight Committee and a longtime Trump supporter, was briefed last week by the Justice Department and FBI following reports that investigators relied on a U.S. government informant in its investigation into Russian election meddling.
“I am even more convinced that the FBI did exactly what my fellow citizens would want them to do when they got the information they got and that it has nothing to do with Donald Trump,” Gowdy, a South Carolina Republican, told Fox News on Tuesday.
On Wednesday, Gowdy said he had “never heard the term ‘spy' used” and did not see evidence of that.
“Informants are used all day, every day by law enforcement,” he told “CBS This Morning.”
Gowdy's comments are particularly striking because of his role as a powerful GOP watchdog who took on Democrat Hillary Clinton in his committee's investigation into the 2012 attacks on Americans in Benghazi, Libya, while she was secretary of state. The probe unearthed the existence of Clinton's private email server, which triggered an FBI inquiry and crippled her 2016 presidential campaign against Trump.
Gowdy announced in January that he would retire from Congress at the end of the current term and return to work in the justice system.
Trump has zeroed in on, and at times embellished, reports on the informant, calling it “spygate” and tweeting that it was “starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U.S. history.” Trump has also rejected assertions by the U.S. intelligence agencies that the Russian government was trying to help him beat Clinton.
Trump's legal team has asked to review classified information about the origins of the FBI investigation to prepare the president for an interview with special counsel Robert Mueller, who is now leading the investigation into ties between Trump's campaign and Russia.
“The folks who have seen the information have the same perspective,” Gowdy said. “The folks who have not seen the information, I don't know what informs their perspective.”
Gowdy, did, however, express support for Trump's “frustration” with Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who recused himself in May 2017 from the Russia probe based on possible conflict of interest. The recusal of Sessions, an early backer of Trump's presidential bid, followed the revelation that he had two previously undisclosed interactions during the 2016 campaign with the Russian ambassador.
Gowdy told CBS that Trump is just “expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job. Not afterward.”
Trump tweeted out Gowdy's comments on Sessions, including his saying that “there are lots of really good lawyers in the country” and that the president “could have picked someone else” for the top Justice Department job.
“And I wish I did!” Trump wrote.
Trump did not reference Gowdy's comments that there was no evidence of the FBI planting a spy on his campaign.
Associated Press writer Ken Thomas contributed to this report.
JERUSALEM (AP) — A former Mossad chief has told an Israeli television program that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu gave the order in 2011 for the military to prepare to attack Iran within 15 days.
Tamir Pardo told Keshet TV's show Uvda in an interview that aired Thursday that the order was not given "for the sake of a drill."
There was no immediate comment from Netanyahu's office.
Ex-premier Ehud Barak, who was Netanyahu's defense minister in 2011, previously claimed Netanyahu sought to bomb Iran in 2010 and 2011, but was opposed by senior Israeli officials.
Pardo says he consulted the Mossad's legal advisers following the order but didn't explain what happened after that.
The Israeli leader has been a strident critic of Iran, and has accused Tehran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons.
House Bill 1366, which relates to the way oil tax revenue is distributed to cities, counties and schools in the Bakken, failed with a 37-54 vote.
House Majority Leader Al Carlson, R-Fargo, urged lawmakers to vote no to the bill, emphasizing that it would be better to address funding for oil-impacted areas after the March revenue forecast is released.
"A no vote doesn't mean you're against the west," Carlson said.
Rep. Gary Sukut, R-Williston, the primary sponsor of the bill, said communities in the Bakken rely on oil tax revenue to pay for expanded law enforcement facilities, new water plants and other infrastructure they added to meet unprecedented growth spurred by oil development.
Officials from so-called Bakken hub cities of Dickinson, Williston and Minot, as well as smaller communities in the Oil Patch, testified during a hearing on the bill that the funding is essential so they can continue making debt payments.
Initially the bill had a $33.5 million fiscal impact to keep the communities receiving the same amount of funding they received last biennium. The bill was amended to have a $7.65 million fiscal impact.
In addition, the bill includes funding for airports in Williston and Dickinson and other oil impact grant funding that was approved during the last session but has not yet been delivered due to budget shortfalls.
Several legislators from western North Dakota spoke in favor of the bill.
"Many people feel that things are dead or dying in western North Dakota, but it couldn't be further from the truth," said Rep. Denton Zubke, R-Watford City.
Carlson and other legislators said they'll discuss funding for western North Dakota again in a different budget after they have an updated picture of the revenue forecast.
"It does not need to be decided today. It needs to be decided in the second half," Carlson said.
The East Baton Rouge metro council voted 8-2 to levy a tax that will benefit the Council on Aging (COA). Voters approved this tax back in November of 2016.
The tax was for 2.25 mills. The council failed to adopt the tax back in mid-April, and several council members walked out of the meeting in anger, causing the vote to be delayed for 60 days.
The metro council also expected to get an update from a Baton Rouge Police Department spokesman on the status of the officers involved in the shooting death of Alton Sterling, as well as an update about the 911 call from that night from EMS officials.
However, due to how much time was spent discussing issues related to the COA, the Sterling items were not addressed.
The metro council meeting began at 4 p.m. and ran the full fours hours allotted.
Council approves 8-2 to allocate $1.3 million to renovate new Council on Aging building on Main St. @WAFB @ScottieWAFB — Kiran Chawla (@Kiran_WAFB) June 14, 2017
The current COA building on Florida Blvd. is in bad condition. Prior to the vote, heated words were exchanged between Rep. C. Denise Marcelle and EBR councilman, Dwight Hudson.
“You made mention that it could have been used for drainage project. I just want to remind you that the money was approved for LMI, which is low to moderate income, during Gustav and Ike, and it has to be spent, a plan has to be in place by July 15,” said Marcelle.
“There is a way to do it, but I appreciate your comments,” said Hudson.
“OK, I appreciate you, but I just want to warn the council about spending money that the federal government has allocated for one thing and using it for another,” Marcelle replied.
“We made the decision to give this money to the Council on Aging and regardless to anything else, they need the building. We have invested a whole bunch of money in it already and of course this money could have been used for something else. We considered all of that when we voted on it. We decided to use it for that purpose and to do it differently now, it would not be a right thing to do,” said EBR councilwoman, Donna Collins-Lewis.
The council also voted to levy a 2 percent tax on hotel/motel rentals in the North Baton Rouge Development District, as well as measures for the metro council to have more oversight over the COA, requiring them to submit quarterly financials, video recordings of their meetings, and more training for their staff.
The full meeting can be watched below.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
"Jose was good again," Marlins manager Don Mattingly said. "It looked like that two might hold up."
Urena got just two runs on Starlin Castro's homer before departing after six innings following a strong performance. He surrendered a run, three hits and two walks. He struck out six in a 93-pitch effort.
Reliever Drew Steckenrider gave up a two-out double to Manuel Margot in the seventh but got pinch-hitter Jose Pirela looking on a 95-mph fastball to strand the tying run.
Clayton Richard had won two of his last three starts and was relying on his slider in inducing the Marlins into harmlessly pounding the ball into 14 groundouts. The left-hander exited after seven innings of two-run ball. He allowed four hits and a walk, with five strikeouts.
"I kept us close and the defence really played well," Richard said.
Richard wiggled out of a jam after hitting Lewis Brinson to start the fifth and allowing JT Riddle's single.
But when Urena tried to sacrifice, catcher Raffy Lopez made a fine play, pouncing on Urena's bunt and retiring Brinson at third to change the inning. With two outs, Realmuto walked to load the bases but Richard got Castro on a grounder to end the threat.
Franmil Reyes continued his hot streak with his third home run in three days, pulling the Padres to 2-1 in the fourth inning. The rookie right fielder took a high fastball the opposite way, his fourth homer in six games clanging off the right-field foul pole. Urena had sat down eight straight before Reyes' blast.
Reyes had studied Urena and how he liked to pound the inside and then go back outside. When he did it in Reyes' second at-bat, he paid the price.
"It was the pitch I was looking for and I put a good swing on it," Reyes said.
Richard retired the first 10 batters he faced. Then Realmuto singled up the middle and Castro hit his third home run of the season, a two-run, fourth-inning shot that landed 423 feet away in the Padres' bullpen over the fence in left-centre.
"I was not trying to throw a fastball down the middle of the plate," Richard said. "And that's what happened."
TRAINER'S ROOM
Padres: C Austin Hedges (elbow) will resume his throwing program on Thursday.
UP NEXT
Marlins: LHP Wei-Yin Chen (1-2, 5.22) gets the nod for the final contest of the four-game series on Thursday with his second career start against the Padres. He beat San Diego in 2016, allowing four runs and seven hits over six innings.
Padres: RHP Jordan Lyles (1-1, 3.83) makes his fifth start of the season, which matches his total from the previous two years. He worked the second-longest perfect game in Padres history on May 15, blanking the Rockies for 7 1/3 innings.
By Jay Paris, The Associated Press
TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) - The Latest on the pedestrian death involving a self-driving vehicle in Tempe (all times local):
2:10 p.m.
A woman who was hit and killed by an Uber self-driving vehicle was walking a bicycle across a suburban Phoenix street.
Television video footage showed a bicycle with a twisted front wheel lying on a Tempe sidewalk, with the Uber vehicle nearby.
Tempe police say the crash involving an Uber SUV happened Sunday night in the first known fatality by a self-driving test vehicle.
They say 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg wasn't in a crosswalk when she was hit. She later died at a hospital.
Federal investigators were headed to Tempe on Monday to investigate. The agency says it will examine vehicle factors, human performance and electronic recorders.
11:50 a.m.
A woman who police say was hit and killed by an Uber self-driving vehicle has been identified as 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg. She is believed to be the first person killed by a self-driving vehicle.
Police in a Phoenix suburb says Herzberg had been walking outside of a crosswalk Sunday night when she was struck by the vehicle. She died from her injuries at a local hospital.
Uber suspended its self-driving tests in a handful of cities Monday following the crash.
The National Transportation Safety Board has sent a small team to Tempe to investigate what happened.
Uber expressed condolences to Herzberg's family and says it is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
10:35 a.m.
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles.
The self-driving testing has been taking place in Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
Automakers and tech companies are competing to be first with the technology.
Police in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian on Sunday night.
Investigators say the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
10:15 a.m.
Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian.
Police in the city of Tempe said Monday that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
Sgt. Ronald Elcock says in an email that the crash happened overnight but did not say whether it occurred Sunday night or Monday morning.
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital and her name was not made public.
Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Tempe and Phoenix for months.
Uber says on Twitter that it is "fully cooperating" with the investigation and expressed condolences to the family of the victim.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BANGKOK, Thailand – A French tourist was bitten by a crocodile inside a Thai national park as she tried to get close to the fearsome animal to take a selfie, an official said on Monday.
The incident took place on Sunday afternoon in Khao Yai, a popular national park filled with dense jungle hiking trails and waterfalls three hours north of Bangkok.
“She wanted to take selfie with the crocodile who was lying down near a stream,” a park official told AFP, asking not to be named because he did not have the authority to speak to the media.
ADVERTISEMENT
“It was startled and bit her on the leg.”
The official said two crocodiles had made their home on that particular section of the park for years with warning signs laid out.
“I guess that she wanted to see it for real,” he added.
Local media posted pictures of park rangers dressed in camouflage carrying the 47-year-old victim strapped to a stretcher, a thick bandage wrapped around her knee.
Another shot showed a ranger pointing to a pool of blood close to a sign saying in Thai and English “Danger Crocodile No Swimming”.
The victim was taken to hospital for treatment and is expected to recover.
Siamese crocodiles were once ubiquitous across South East Asia but their populations have been decimated in the last century by hunting and habitat loss.
They are currently listed as critically endangered on the IUCN's red list.
In Thailand there are just a handful of wild populations left in central and western national parks.
Most tourists will only see them in crocodile parks, many of which have been criticized by animal rights groups for controversial feeding practices.
RELATED STORIES
Police are investigating the death of a baby girl in Morecambe.
Officers were called by the ambulance service at 12.03am on Tuesday December 19 to reports that they were treating a 16-month-old who had been found unresponsive at an address on Oxcliffe Road in Morecambe.
The child was taken to Royal Lancaster Infirmary but sadly later died.
A post mortem examination has been carried out and the cause of death is currently unknown.
Further tests are being carried out.
A police spokesman said: “Police are looking into the circumstances of the child's death and we have spoken to a number of people as part of our enquiries.
“Nobody has been arrested at this stage.”
Isle of Wight roadworks or road closures starting today or tomorrow.
Information provided by Elgin via Roadworks.org. It covers work carried out by BT, utility companies and Island roads.
Public event, Entertainment event
Road Closures for the Seaview Village Regatta
Responsibility for event: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Road closure
Name: Seaview Village Regatta
Location: at Esplanade, Seaview, Isle of Wight (SeaviewVillage Regatta)
16 August — 16 August
Responsibility: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Status: Planned
Streetworks / Licence, Streetworks
Grip fibre surfacing works
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Road closure
Name: Woodvale Road
Location: at Woodvale Road, Gurnard, Isle of Wight (Woodvale Road)
16 August — 31 August
Diversion route
Name: Diversion
Location: at Woodvale Road, Gurnard, Isle of Wight (Diversion)
16 August — 31 August
Responsibility: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Status: Planned
Streetworks / Licence, Streetworks
Grip fibre surfacing works
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Road closure
Name: Elm Grove
Location: at Elm Grove, Cowes, Isle of Wight (Elm Grove)
15 August — 30 August
Diversion route
Name: Diversion
Location: at Elm Grove, Cowes, Isle of Wight (Diversion)
15 August — 30 August
Responsibility: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Status: In progress
Streetworks / Licence, Streetworks
Grip fibre surfacing works
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Road closure
Name: Windmill Close
Location: at Windmill Close, Cowes, Isle of Wight (Windmill Close)
15 August — 30 August
Responsibility: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Status: In progress
Elm Grove, Cowes, Isle Of Wight
15 August — 30 August
Delays likely Road closure
Works location: Cowes : From Ash Grove To Love Lane, 158m, Ml 140196 : Elm Grove-Cowes
Works description: Carriageway Resurfacing Gripfibre Treatment
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Advanced planning
Windmill Close, Cowes, Isle Of Wight
15 August — 30 August
Delays likely Road closure
Works location: Cowes : Whole Length Of Close From Junction With Love Lane, 139m, Ml 160193 : Windmill Close-Cowes
Works description: Carriageway Reconstruction, Planing And Resurfacing, Gripfibre Treatment Cowes
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Advanced planning
Woodvale Road, Gurnard, Isle Of Wight
16 August — 29 August
Delays likely Road closure
Works location: Gurnard : From Princes Esplanade To Jordan Close, 114m, Ml 141123 : Woodvale Road-Gurnard
Works description: Carriageway Resurfacing, Gripfibre Treatment Gurnard
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Advanced planning
Woodvale Road, Gurnard, Isle Of Wight
16 August — 31 August
Delays likely Road closure
Works location: Gurnard : From Baring Road 260m To Woodvale Close, Ml 140125 : Woodvale Road-Gurnard
Works description: Carriageway Resurfacing, Gripfibre Treatment Gurnard
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Advanced planning
A3055 High Street, Shanklin, Isle Of Wight
16 August — 22 August
Delays possible Some carriageway incursion
Works location: 47 High Street, Shanklin
Works description: Scaffold
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
A3055 Steephill Road, Ventnor, Isle Of Wight
15 August — 17 August
Delays possible Traffic control (two-way signals)
Works location: O/S Park Mead – Junc Flowers Brook Path
Works description: Repair Reinstatement To Trial Hole – Remedial Work
Responsibility for works: Southern Electric
Current status: Planned work about to start
B3341 Castle Hill, Newport, Isle Of Wight
15 August — 17 August
Delays possible Traffic control (multi-way signals)
Works location: Newport : At The Junction With Cedar Hill (Ml 230100) : Castle Hill-Newport
Works description: Illumination Of Existing Sign Newport
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
Leed Street, Sandown, Isle Of Wight
15 August — 17 August
Delays possible Traffic control (multi-way signals)
Works location: Sandown : Junction Of Broadway : Leed Street-Sandown
Works description: Infill Seam/Joint With 6mm
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
Mountbatten Drive, Newport, Isle Of Wight
15 August — 25 August
Delays possible Traffic control (two-way signals)
Works location: In C/W And F/W From Jcn Wellington Rd To O/S 14
Works description: Excavation Of Road Crossing And Footways For Connection Of New Substation For Redevelopment Of Carisbrooke College
Responsibility for works: Southern Electric
Current status: Advanced planning
A3054 Bridge Road, Yarmouth, Isle Of Wight
16 August — 18 August
Delays unlikely Traffic control (give & take)
Works location: Yarmouth : On The West Side Of The Yarmouth Bridge (Ml 620013) : Bridge Road-Yarmouth
Works description: Illumination Of Existing Sign Yarmouth
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
A3054 River Road, Yarmouth, Isle Of Wight
16 August — 18 August
Delays unlikely Traffic control (give & take)
Works location: Yarmouth : To The West Of The Yarmouth Bridge (Ml 620013) : River Road-Yarmouth
Works description: Illumination Of Existing Sign Yarmouth
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
A3055 Tennyson Road, Freshwater, Isle Of Wight
16 August — 18 August
Delays unlikely Traffic control (give & take)
Works location: Freshwater : At The Junction With Queens Road (Ml 620051) : Tennyson Road-Freshwater
Works description: Illumination Of Existing Sign Freshwater
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
B3340,B3330 Nettlestone Hill, Seaview, Isle Of Wight
16 August — 18 August
Delays unlikely Some carriageway incursion
Works location: Seaview : Opposite The Junction Of Nettlestone Primary School (Ml 330083b) : Nettlestone Hill-Seaview
Works description: Illumination Of Existing Sign Seaview
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
Bannock Road, Whitwell, Isle Of Wight
16 August — 17 August
Delays unlikely No carriageway incursion
Works location: From O/S 17 To O/S 21 On Bannock Road
Works description: Niton – 416581 – Remedial Works Ha – Remedial Works – To Clear Highway Defect Fw
Responsibility for works: BT
Current status: Planned work about to start
Broadwood Lane, Newport, Isle Of Wight
16 August — 18 August
Delays unlikely Some carriageway incursion
Works location: 40 Broadwood Lane, Newpor,T Isle Of Wight
Works description: Remove Manifold And Cut Supply
Responsibility for works: Southern Water
Current status: Planned work about to start
Easton Lane, Freshwater, Isle Of Wight
16 August — 18 August
Delays unlikely Traffic control (give & take)
Works location: Freshwater : At The Junction With Victoria Road (Ml 640360) : Easton Lane-Freshwater
Works description: Illumination Of Existing Sign Freshwater
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
Latimer Road, St Helens, Isle Of Wight
15 August — 17 August
Delays unlikely Some carriageway incursion
Works location: St Helens : At The Junction With Embankment Road (Ml 330309) : Latimer Road-St Helens
Works description: Illumination Of Existing Sign St Helens
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
Lincoln Way, Bembridge, Isle Of Wight
16 August — 17 August
Delays unlikely Some carriageway incursion
Works location: O/S 8 On Lincoln Way
Works description: Bembridge – 414222 – Remedial Works Ha – Remedial Works – To Clear Highway Defect Fw
Responsibility for works: BT
Current status: Planned work about to start
Niton Road, Rookley, Isle Of Wight
16 August — 18 August
Delays unlikely Some carriageway incursion
Works location: O/S The Foundry, Niton Road, Rookley Po38 3nr
Works description: Chillerton 423540 – Renew / Raise / Lower Frame And Cover On In
Responsibility for works: BT
Current status: Planned work about to start
Oakhill Road, Seaview, Isle Of Wight
15 August — 17 August
Delays unlikely Some carriageway incursion
Works location: Seaview : At The Junction With Duver Road (Ml 340384) : Oakhill Road-Seaview
Works description: Illumination Of Existing Sign Seaview
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
Queens Road, Freshwater, Isle Of Wight
16 August — 18 August
Delays unlikely Some carriageway incursion
Works location: 4 West View Queens Rd Freshwater Isle
Works description: Renew Manifold And Meter
Responsibility for works: Southern Water
Current status: Planned work about to start
Regent Street, Shanklin, Isle Of Wight
15 August — 21 August
Delays unlikely Some carriageway incursion
Works location: 23a Regent Street, Shanklin (Flat Above Grubs)
Works description: Scaffold
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
Ryde Road, Seaview, Isle Of Wight
15 August — 17 August
Delays unlikely Some carriageway incursion
Works location: Seaview : At The Junction With Steyne Road (Ml 330550) : Ryde Road-Seaview
Works description: Illumination Of Existing Sign Seaview
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
Sandcove Rise, Seaview, Isle Of Wight
16 August — 18 August
Delays unlikely Some carriageway incursion
Works location: Seaview : At The Junction With Pier Road (Ml 341591) : Sandcove Rise-Seaview
Works description: Illumination Of Existing Sign Seaview
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
Sandrock Road, Niton, Isle Of Wight
15 August — 17 August
Delays unlikely Traffic control (give & take)
Works location: O/S Little Westcliff To O/S The Stables
Works description: Traffic Control Required For Safety Whilst Tree Cutting Nil Excavation
Responsibility for works: Southern Electric
Current status: Planned work about to start
Westhill Lane, Yarmouth, Isle Of Wight
16 August — 18 August
Delays unlikely Traffic control (give & take)
Works location: Yarmouth : At The Junction With Hallets Shute (Ml 640540) : Westhill Lane-Yarmouth
Works description: Illumination Of Existing Sign Yarmouth
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
Blue Jays starter Marcus Stroman had a real bounce in his step as he bopped around the spring-training clubhouse on Tuesday. It's the kind of bounce you get when your salary gets a major bounce.
Stroman, 25, won his arbitration case with the Jays and was awarded $3.4 million for this season, an increase from $525,900 in 2016. The Jays had offered $3.1 million. The decision was announced Tuesday following a hearing on Friday before arbitrators Steven Wolf, Jeanne Wood, James Oldham.
Stroman took to Twitter not long after the ruling was released. He said he was “excited” to win the case and “really enjoyed the process.”
He also gave a shout-out to the Jays for “being extremely professional throughout the entire process.”
“Now ... time to get back to work and deliver the fans of TORONTO the World Series they deserve,” he tweeted.
Later he updated that: “Meant to say ... bring CANADA the World Series they deserve. Sorry! Lol”
The 25-year-old right-hander was 9-10 with a 4.37 ERA last year in his first full season following a torn left anterior cruciate ligament.
Excited to win my case. Really enjoyed the process. Shout to my family @us_tla for always having my back. Always stay true to my day ones! — Marcus Stroman (@MStrooo6) February 14, 2017
Shout to the @BlueJays for being extremely professional throughout the entire process as well! — Marcus Stroman (@MStrooo6) February 14, 2017
In a neighborhood of Istanbul that's plastered with Arabic signs, a Syrian refugee whips up his specialty — avocado cream smoothies — at the small, colorful cafe where he works.
Majd al-Hassan has been in Turkey for two years, but has yet to learn much Turkish. He doesn't need to. This area is filled with fellow Syrians. He's paid in cash, under the table, and has yet to really integrate into Turkish society, he acknowledges.
"We've got Syrian supermarkets, Syrian restaurants — just like back home," says Hassan, 26. "I haven't even applied for a Turkish ID card. If peace comes to Syria, I'll go home tomorrow."
Nearby, a resident who describes herself as one of the last Turks living on this street near Istanbul's Fatih Mosque says she no longer recognizes her neighborhood.
"Before, this area was only Turkish people, mostly. But now, here, there, everywhere, it's all Syrian people," says Tulay Suleyman, who was born here. "Some Turkish people, they don't like these [new] people. Their culture is a little bit different than ours. [They're] mostly ignorant people — homeless people, low-class."
Xenophobia has flared with the arrival of migrants in parts of Europe. That has not been as big a problem in Turkey, even though there are some 3 million Syrians here — more than in all of Europe combined.
As in Europe, many of the Syrians in Turkey are educated professionals who are under-employed, working off the books for low pay — part of Turkey's swelling black-market economy.
At first, when Syrian refugees began streaming over the Turkish border in 2011, the Turkish government granted them a special protected status — but no work permits.
Many thought the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad would fall quickly — another domino in the Arab Spring — and that Syrian refugees would be able to cross back over the border and return home swiftly.
With the Syrian war now in its seventh year, Turkey has opened a path to Syrians for official employment. But few have taken it.
One of the government's motives in trying to regularize Syrians is that Turks have been worried about having their wages undercut.
"There was a public concern that Turkish people would be unemployed because of the Syrians being employed with lower fees [wages]," says labor lawyer Mehmet Ata Sarikaripoglu. "We see what happened in Europe, and how the politics in Europe has changed after that."
Fearing a political backlash, Turkey started a program in January 2016 to increase work permits for refugees. The government also now requires companies to give Syrians the same pay and benefits as Turks. But the roll-out has been slow.
Integrating Syrians is political too. They tend to be more religious and conservative than many Turks — and they tend to support Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. He's floated the idea of offering them Turkish citizenship, but that has prompted a backlash from some opposition parties and more secular Turks.
At an Istanbul municipal office, long lines of Syrians snake across the lobby. People are registering for Turkish ID cards and health care, and signing up their children for public schools — all services they get for free as refugees.
One man yells and shakes with frustration. He says bureaucrats keep telling him to come back tomorrow. Turkey's social services are overloaded with newcomers like himself, he says.
Behind the lobby's front desk, Yahiya Osman helps Syrians register for ID cards and health care. He's a Syrian refugee himself, and has worked here for four years — even though he only got a work permit two weeks ago.
"It makes me eligible for private health insurance, a pension and worker's compensation," says Osman, 33. "You've got to think ahead. We're not sure what's going to happen in Syria. We might have to stay here in Turkey forever."
But Turkish government statistics show out of the 3 million Syrians here, fewer than 14,000 had work permits by January — a year into the program.
"It's a very exhausting procedure," says Sule Akarsu, who manages a charity that teaches Syrian refugees how to do bricklaying and other construction work.
Her work is dedicated to helping Syrian refugees. Yet even she has not applied for work permits for her Syrian staff.
"It takes nearly three months to get permission for the Syrians," she says. "It's also difficult for Turkish industry, doing all these procedures."
Only companies can apply for these permits, not employees, and they must pay monthly social security for each worker — even if it's a Syrian who doesn't plan to stay in Turkey long-term. Some employers say it's not worth the hassle and expense.
There are questions about how much Turkey's government really wants to implement this policy. It has threatened to fine companies that hire Syrians without permits. But the fines are rarely enforced.
At an Istanbul cafe, Adnan Hadad, another Syrian, says it's not just the bureaucracy that slows things down. He's dragged his feet too. When he arrived four years ago, he thought he'd be in Turkey "a couple of years," he says.
"But the Syrian war, and how it eventually evolved, made me realize I'll be here a lot longer," Hadad says.
He still dreams of growing old back home in Syria. But for now, he's starting in on some Turkish paperwork.
A son who saw a police officer hold a gun to his father's head. A husband whose wife was pulled over driving a Bentley.
These unsettling scenes are among the stories from some of the NFL's marquee players, multi-millionaires sharing tales of racial profiling by law enforcement. It is a troubling concern for people of color that has been at the center of the protests begun in August 2016 by former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick.
The protests have waned, but the ongoing issue for players — and the black communities they come from — has not.
The Associated Press surveyed 56 of the 59 black players at last weekend's Pro Bowl game as part of its look at how African-American athletes have long used their sports platforms to impact social and political change. The AP asked the players whether they or someone they knew have ever experienced racial profiling.
All said yes.
"You can probably ask any black man out here and the answer is yes," said Jacksonville Jaguars defensive tackle Malik Jackson. "It's not like this is just starting today or a new thing. It's gone on for a long time. I think African-American men have been (victims) of racial profiling for a long time, by either the things they wear or just by the color of their skin."
___
EDITOR'S NOTE: African-American athletes have used their sports platforms for more than 100 years to impact social and political change. As part of AP's coverage plans for Black History Month, we will take a multi-platform look at how many have and continue to engage in activism, from Jack Johnson, to Muhammad Ali to Colin Kaepernick.
___
In protesting, Kaepernick and others attempted to highlight the killings of unarmed black men by police, an issue brought into the national spotlight by Black Lives Matter activists after the shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri , in 2014. But the message was quickly overtaken by fans offended by the players' decision to kneel during the anthem.
"That was the main thing with the protests, to bring awareness so people know what's going on," said Jaguars cornerback Jalen Ramsey. "That's the first step to trying to fix the situation."
NFL players who have protested this season have been in the minority, and protests waned as the season went on. Some players are focusing on ways of addressing injustice off the field.
"If it affects that many people by taking a knee, just stand up, it's that simple," said Pittsburgh Steelers center Maurkice Pouncey. "Taking a knee during the anthem, in my opinion, changes nothing. Giving back to the community, being around the kids and people in poverty, I respect that."
For many players, the issue is not one of patriotism, but is personal.
"At the end of the day, we're not trying to disrespect nobody," said Jaguars cornerback A.J. Bouye. "No matter what happens, I feel like somebody is not going to be happy, but we have a lot of respect for our country and respect for the game."
Bouye was among the players who recounted firsthand experience with racial profiling.
"My dad, when I was growing up ... gun to his head and everything," Bouye said. "That's why it hits close to me. We know that there are issues going on, and maybe some people don't want to bring awareness to them, but we'll find a way."
Tampa Bay Buccaneers defensive tackle Gerald McCoy said he, his father and his wife have all been victims of racial profiling — even after he became a successful athlete.
"It happened to my wife in the past couple of years," said McCoy, who was drafted in 2010. "She got pulled over. She was driving a Bentley. Nice neighborhood, and they pulled her over. All her stuff was right and they just didn't have any reason. It just wasn't right."
Black athletes have been finding a way to fight for social change for more than 100 years, from Jack Johnson, to Muhammad Ali to Kaepernick.
Their fights have come at great personal expense, from alienation by fellow Americans to incarceration to the loss of their careers.
NFL players faced backlash of their own in 2017.
During the season, President Donald Trump referred to the players as "sons of bitches" and suggested they be fired. And Trump again condemned the protests in his State of the Union address on Tuesday night, juxtaposing the campaign against the patriotic efforts of a white child who has planted thousands of American flags on the graves of veterans.
A recent AP-NORC poll showed most Americans think refusing to stand for the national anthem is disrespectful to the country, the military and the American flag. Most African-Americans polled were more likely to approve of the players' protests. Only 4 in 10 Americans polled saw refusing to stand for the flag as an act of patriotism.
Players have pointed out that the protests are allowed under free speech, one of the cornerstones of American democracy. Martin Luther King Jr. framed civil disobedience as a commitment to conscience tied to founding revolts of our country like the Boston Tea Party.
The issue has loomed over the entire NFL season, which culminates with Sunday's Super Bowl. And a year into his presidency, Trump's Department of Justice has abandoned talk of police reform in favor of support for law enforcement and criticism of activists.
Of the players surveyed at the Pro Bowl, 42 said they would support the idea of the NFL going back to keeping teams in the locker room until after the anthem is played, a practice that was changed in 2009 — not that they believe they have much say in what decision league owners will make.
"The league does what the league does," said Jackson. "I don't have any say in it, so I don't care."
____
Fred Goodall reported from Orlando. Errin Haines Whack is The Associated Press' national writer for race and ethnicity. Follow her work on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/emarvelous
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) — The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die."
The three videos released by prosecutors Wednesday were found on the cellphone of suspect Nikolas Cruz after the Feb. 14 shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that killed 17 people.
Cruz introduces himself in the first video and says he is "going to be the next school shooter of 2018." He goes on to say that he wants to use an AR-15 to kill at least 20 people and specifies the high school in Parkland. He laughs and then says, "You're all going to die."
Cruz is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder.
___
This story has corrected the spelling of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.
For the second straight year, twins in San Diego are getting attention because, though born just minutes apart, one has a birthday in 2016 and one in 2017. KFMB-TV reports the twin girls were born at Sharp Mary Birch Hospital for Women & Newborns.One girl arrived at 11:56 p.m. on Dec. 31, and the other came on Jan. 1, 2017 at midnight.The family was not available for comment.Last year, a baby girl and boy arrived one minute before and two minutes after the New Year at San Diego Kaiser Permanente Zion Medical Center. Click here for more New Year's stories.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer, File). FILE - In this Aug. 15, 2016 file photo, three of Deepwater Wind's five turbines stand in the water off Block Island, R.I, the nation's first offshore wind farm. Deepwater Wind said Wednesday, May 30, 2018, it will creat...
By JENNIFER McDERMOTT
Associated Press
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) - A Rhode Island company is going to build a wind farm that will be 10 times the size of the nation's first offshore wind farm.
Deepwater Wind says the new 400-megawatt wind farm will also create more than 800 jobs and result in $250 million in investments in Rhode Island.
Democratic Gov. Gina Raimondo and other officials visited the Port of Providence on Wednesday for the announcement.
Massachusetts and Rhode Island announced offshore wind projects last week aimed at delivering a combined 1,200 megawatts of energy, enough to power about 600,000 homes.
Deepwater Wind also built the nation's first offshore wind farm off Block Island, Rhode Island. It has five turbines. With this latest project, the company plans to build up to 50 turbines south of Martha's Vineyard.
"It is an enormous clean energy machine," Deepwater Wind CEO Jeff Grybowski said. "It will displace about 650,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide every year. It is one of the most consequential clean energy projects in the history of the northeast United States. And we're going to build it and deliver that at low cost."
Grybowski said he couldn't say exactly what the price of the energy will be because Deepwater Wind must negotiate a contract with utility company National Grid. He said it would be competitive with traditional sources of fuel and a "game changer" in replacing those sources.
The company says it will take about 800 people and roughly $1 billion to build the wind farm. Another 50 permanent jobs will be created.
The $250 million investment in Rhode Island includes $40 million in port infrastructure improvements to position the state for future offshore wind projects.
Raimondo called it a fantastic day for Rhode Island because of the amount of clean energy that will be produced and the number jobs created. She said Rhode Island can be an epicenter for the offshore wind industry. She said she thinks some of the companies that make turbines will eventually move to the state.
"This is big. This is about as big as it gets," she said.
Deepwater Wind didn't ask for tax credits for the project, called Revolution Wind.
Both the Rhode Island and Massachusetts wind farms, which the states describe as a collaborative effort, will be located south of Martha's Vineyard. The Vineyard Wind project will be Massachusetts' first offshore wind farm.
Local construction on the Revolution Wind project could start in Rhode Island in 2020 with commercial operations by 2023. The turbines are expected to generate enough energy to power more than 200,000 homes, or about half the homes in Rhode Island.
The wind farm will be in a 256-square-mile federal lease area. Deepwater Wind plans to build 15 turbines in that same area to supply renewable energy to Long Island, New York.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Malaysian police say a Vietnamese woman has been arrested in the death of North Korean leader's half brother.
The Supreme Planning Council of the Civil Administration today administered some 450 permits for the construction of housing units throughout Gush Etzion.
The units approved are: 170 units in Neve Daniel, 84 in Kfar Eldad and another 38 in Kfar Etzion, in addition to the 150 approved by the council last time.
The Gush Etzion Council simultaneously continues to work on plans for 17,000 housing units throughout Gush Etzion, and says that it hopes to succeed in shortening the endless approval procedures and continuing the momentum in construction.
Shlomo Ne'eman, head of the Gush Etzion Regional Council, said, "We thank the government for the hundreds of units that were approved today in Gush Etzion, together with some 2,500 units in the rest of Judea and Samaria. Even so, we again call on the government to remove all restrictions on construction in Judea and Samaria - we need a lot more! We will continue to submit more and more plans, we will continue to build, we will continue to develop Gush Etzion and we will work towards full sovereignty. "
Journalist Yossi Klein retracted part of his Haaretz article in which he wrote that the national-religious population of Israel is worse than the Hezbollah terrorist organization following widespread condemnation of the article as hate speech.
Klein said in an interview with Israel Radio and Radio Tel Aviv: "If an apology or statement of regret is required, then okay, take down the word Hezbollah ... If Yossi Klein knew that the word Hezbollah was so upsetting, he would easily have replaced it with another word."
"If the word 'Hezbollah' is so disturbing, I solemnly announce that I am removing it from the article," added Klein.
However, Klein continued to attack Jewish Home leader and Education Minister Naftali Bennett during the course of the interview. When asked in Bennett was more dangerous than Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasralah, Klein answered "Yes. Hassan Nasrallah may or may not have to be eliminated. We don't talk that way about Naftali Bennett, but he is much more dangerous because he cannot be harmed due to his power. He is stronger than Nasrallah in that he controls the course of government and the moves of the state in ways which I believe are causing harm to the state."
The 28 NATO members are required to spend a minimum of 2% of national output (GDP) on defence (AFP Photo/CRISTINA QUICLER)
Brussels (AFP) - NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg on Tuesday said the top priority for the transatlantic alliance is to increase defence spending, as demanded by US President Donald Trump.
"Regardless of language, the most important thing is that we increase defence spending and that is exactly what we are doing," Stoltenberg said when asked about NATO's response to Trump's calls for it to do more to share the burden with Washington.
On the campaign trail and in his first days in office, Trump appeared to put in doubt the near 70-year US security guarantee for NATO which he dubbed "obsolete" while accusing some allies of not paying their way.
His remarks caused consternation among the allies who, stung by Russia's intervention in Ukraine, had agreed in 2014 to increase defence spending to two percent of national economic output by 2024, reversing years of cuts.
Stoltenberg said all 28 allies had agreed that commitment and they reaffirmed it last year at a Warsaw summit.
"That has been my top priority and I have raised it in all the meetings that I have had," he told a press briefing before a NATO defence ministers meeting in Brussels Wednesday and Thursday.
"In 2015, we stopped the cuts and in 2016 ... we made the first significant step in increasing defence spending by 3.8 percent" or $10 billion, he added.
He said that in two phone calls with Trump, the new president "strongly expressed his strong commitment to NATO ... but in both calls he underlined fair burden sharing."
"Those that spend less than the two percent have to meet the two percent target and I agree with him," he said.
The NATO defence ministers meeting is being closely watched as it is the first for new US Defence Secretary James Mattis, with his peers anxious to hear first hand what the new administration plans.
Mattis, who served several years in NATO, has appeared more conciliatory on the future of the alliance and relations with Russia compared with the president.
Stoltenberg downplayed the issue when asked about possible differences or tensions within the new US administration.
"The important thing for me is that the president, the secretary of defence, the secretary of state have all conveyed the same strong message about NATO," he said.
"They stated clearly that the United States stays strongly committed to NATO and the transatlantic bond."
Getty Image
The year 2016 has claimed a lot of casualties, but in the NBA family, little hurt worse than when veteran sideline reporter Craig Sager passed away after a battle with leukemia. The outpouring of grief and support was truly something to behold. Sager was adored by players, colleagues, and fans around the world, but the bond he shared with the notoriously-acerbic (yet big-hearted) Gregg Popovich was one of our favorite things in all sports.
Their Abbott and Costello routine was the highlight of any Spurs game televised on TNT, and Pop was visibly shaken when speaking to reporters in the immediate aftermath of his death. He made it a point to criss-cross the country to attend Sager's funeral and still make it back in time for a game, and now he's given a memento from that occasion to Sager's son.
Didn't have time to see him at the funeral but met up after last night's game. He brought the tie he wore to the funeral w/ him to give me😭🙌 pic.twitter.com/4OKYwCVVdZ — Craig Sager II (@CraigSagerJr) January 2, 2017
Sager was known for his bold, sartorial choices, and since his passing, the NBA world has commemorated that aspect of his personality with all sorts of loud, garish clothing items. In the midst of a sport that often takes itself so seriously in terms of competitive drive and the never-ending quest for greatness and immortality, Sager was a constant reminder that basketball is supposed to be fun.
Research at Brock University recently uncovered a link between a common herb and the reduction of lung cancer cell growth.
A study into rosemary began with Evangelina Tsiani's interest in polyphenols — chemical compounds found in plants we eat. Tsiani, an associate professor in Brock's department of health sciences, wanted to know more about the polyphenols, sometimes called antioxidants, found in the herb.
Polyphenols contain tiny nutrients believed to help to prevent diabetes, cancer, heart disease and other conditions.
“We have some evidence that rosemary extract stops the growth of cancer cells,” Tsiani said. “The question is, how is this done? What is the mechanism of action to inhibit cancer cell proliferation?”
Working with graduate student Jessy Moore and colleagues from several other Brock departments, Tsiani set out to see if and how rosemary extract stops the growth of cancer cells.
In its lab, the research team cultivated the type of cancer cells that are found in up to 80 per cent of all lung cancer cases, and represent the most aggressive form of the disease. They then exposed these cells to rosemary extract, and studied the extract's impacts on a signalling pathway called Akt, and on certain proteins within the pathway.
The team found that the rosemary extract: stopped the survival and spread of cancer cells, and enhanced a process called apoptosis (pre-programmed cell death); blocked the Akt signalling pathway that would have caused the cancer cells to multiply; and stopped certain proteins in the cancer cells from being activated.
Their results appear in the study “Rosemary extract reduces Akt/mTOR/p70S6K activation and inhibits proliferation and survival of A549 human lung cancer cells,” published in the journal Biomedicine & Pharmacotherapy.
“These finding are very important,” Tsiani said. “Our data suggest that rosemary extract may have considerable anti-tumour and chemoprevention properties in lung cancer, and deserves further systematic investigation. Finding drugs or chemicals that inhibit these pathways is the focus of many researchers.”
Tsiani cautioned it is too soon to tell people to eat more rosemary to prevent or stop lung cancer. The next step is to determine which specific chemicals or components of rosemary extract are responsible for these anti-cancer effects.
Rosemary contains two major polyphenols: carnosic acid and rosmarinic acid.
“These two polyphenols might be the main chemicals that have the anti-cancer effects,” said Tsiani, “and we have initiated studies exploring this possibility.”
— Cathy Majtenyi is the research communications and media relations specialist at Brock University.
The truck driver whose inattention on Highway 401 resulted in a horrific crash that killed a Amherstburg woman and her teenage son has pleaded guilty to criminal charges.
Manjit Parmar, 52, of Brampton, was in court in Chatham on Wednesday to plead guilty to two counts of dangerous driving causing death.
Parmar was behind the wheel of a transport truck that smashed into a GMC Sierra pickup truck in the westbound lanes of the 401 near Chatham on the afternoon of July 30, 2017.
Inside the pickup truck was the Brundritt family of Amherstburg: Lacie Brundritt, 42, her husband Mike, and their sons Kyle, 14, and Evan, 12.
Mike and Evan were injured. Lacie and Kyle were pronounced dead at the scene.
On Wednesday, Parmar also pleaded guilty to three counts of dangerous driving causing bodily harm.
Last year, Ontario Provincial Police commissioner Vince Hawkes included the incident among his examples of “driver inattention at its worst.”
The Brundritts were returning to Amherstburg from a camping trip and were towing a camper trailer at the time.
A minor collision in the area had slowed traffic, and the Brundritts found themselves at the end of a queue.
Parmar's transport truck ploughed into the Brundritt's vehicle from behind at full speed.
Both the pickup and the camper trailer were crushed upon impact, spreading debris across the roadway.
OPP said the transport truck was travelling at such a speed that it mounted the wreckage of the Brundritts' vehicle and continued to collide with five other vehicles.
In a press conference last year, Hawkes lamented “the tremendous toll on the lives of innocent citizens when commercial transport truck drivers are not paying full attention to the road.”
Parmar has been scheduled for sentencing in September.
Under the Criminal Code of Canada, dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing death is an indictable offence with a maximum penalty of 14 years in prison.
Dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing bodily harm has a maximum penalty of 10 years.
Related
NEW DELHI — A fair and independent electoral process, an independent judiciary, a Parliament with a noisy opposition, a relatively free press and an army that has stayed away from politics have defined India since it adopted its Constitution in 1950.
India stood apart in the developing world as a country where the Constitution served as the basis for the operations of the executive, the legislature and the judiciary. But it has taken just four years of the Bharatiya Janata Party government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the country to realize how fragile that achievement was, how close it has come to being subverted.
India has a fairly decentralized system of governance. States are governed by chief ministers, who are the elected leaders of a political party or a coalition of parties that has a majority of the seats in a state assembly. An Indian state also has a governor, a federal appointee holding a ceremonial, nonpartisan, constitutional position. After an election, the governor invites the party or the coalition that won the most seats to form the government.
While every government has attempted to use this office to its own ends, the corrosion of the governor's office became evident this month after state elections in the southern Indian state of Karnataka. An alliance of parties opposed to Mr. Modi's B.J.P. won a majority of the seats. Karnataka's governor, Vajubhai Vala, who used to be an aide to Mr. Modi, was constitutionally bound to invite the non-B.J.P. alliance to form the government.
Getty Image
The Ball brothers are very close to taking their talents overseas. After LaVar pulled both LaMelo and LiAngelo out of their respective schools over the past few months, the Ball family patriarch made it known his plan was to have both of his sons sign with the same team to play overseas until they are eligible for the NBA Draft.
LaMelo and LiAngelo recently signed with the same agent as older brother Lonzo, and LaVar has been adamant they play together overseas. Now, it appears as though LaVar is about to get his wish in the form of Lithuanian club Prienu Vytautas, as ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski and Jonathan Givony reported on Monday afternoon.
SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) — Silicon Valley's largest city became the latest to wade into debate over divisive historical figures after San Jose's Italian-American mayor and council members voted to boot a statue of Christopher Columbus from City Hall.
The vote Tuesday night came after hours of boisterous debate as people argued over the explorer's legacy, according to a KPIX 5 report . Council members suggested alternative public spots but could not agree, leaving the Italian-American community with six weeks to find a new home for the statue. Otherwise, it will go into storage.
Across America, communities are taking a fresh look at historic yet controversial figures such as Columbus, who is a point of pride for many Italian- Americans but also a symbol of oppression for others. Columbus, an Italian explorer, journeyed to the Americas.
In January, San Francisco joined a growing list of cities that have replaced the Columbus Day holiday with Indigenous Peoples Day to honor Native American people decimated by the arrival of European immigrants.
San Jose's marble statue, which was hand-carved in Italy, was a gift to the city from Italian-American groups in the 1950s. The statue has held a prominent spot at City Hall since then.
San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo was among those who supported the statue's removal.
"Look, I'm Italian-American. I think my grandfather was a member of the group that donated it," he said. "But I think that our understanding of history evolves as we learn more."
Tony Zerbo, who is with the Italian American Heritage Foundation, said the removal is a setback for his community. Italian immigrants have also suffered discrimination.
"Columbus is renown throughout the world, not just in Italy," he said. "Italian Americans here, in San Francisco and throughout the Bay Area are very proud of that."
___
Information from: KPIX-TV.
North Korea's Deputy Ambassador to the United Nations, Kim In Ryong, speaks during a news briefing on Monday, April 17, 2017, at U.N. headquarters. (AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews)
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — North Korea's deputy U.N. ambassador accused the United States on Monday of turning the Korean Peninsula into "the world's biggest hotspot" and creating "a dangerous situation in which a thermonuclear war may break out at any moment."
Kim In Ryong told a news conference that "if the U.S. dares opt for a military action," North Korea "is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the U.S."
He said the Trump administration's deployment of the Carl Vinson nuclear carrier task group to waters off the Korean Peninsula again "proves the U.S. reckless moves for invading the DPRK have reached a serious phase of its scenario."
Kim stressed that U.S.-South Korean military exercises being staged now are the largest-ever "aggressive war drill" aimed at his country, formally the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
"The prevailing grave situation proves once again that the DPRK was entirely just when it increased in every way its military capabilities for self-defense and pre-emptive attack with a nuclear force as a pivot," he said.
Tensions have escalated over North Korean moves to accelerate its weapons development. The North conducted two nuclear tests and 24 ballistic missile tests last year, defying six Security Council sanctions resolutions banning any testing, and it has conducted additional missile tests this year including one this past weekend that failed.
Kim spoke on a day that U.S. Vice President Mike Pence traveled to the tense zone dividing North and South Korea and warned Pyongyang that after years of testing the U.S. and South Korea with its nuclear ambitions, "the era of strategic patience is over."
After 25 years of trying to deal patiently with North Korea over its nuclear program, Pence said, "all options are on the table" to deal with threat. And he warned that any use of nuclear weapons by Pyongyang would be met with "an overwhelming and effective response."
Kim said the Trump administration is "trumpeting about 'peace by strength'" by deploying "one strategic striking means after another in South Korea," citing the Carl Vinson carrier group, nuclear strategic bombers and stealth fighters.
But he said the "the DPRK remains unfazed."
"We never beg for peace but we will take the toughest counteraction against the provocateurs in order to defend ourselves by powerful force of arms and keep to the road chosen by ourselves," Kim said.
He warned that as long as the United States and its allies "scheme to bring down the socialist system in the DPRK," the government will keep increasing "its military muscle" to protect the country.
Kim said the DPRK's policy is shaped by the Trump administration's push for "high intensity sanctions" against the country, deploying tactical nuclear weapons in South Korea and launching military action aimed at "beheading" the North's leadership headed by Kim Jong-un.
He said rolling back the hostile U.S. policy toward the DPRK "is the precondition to solving all the problems in the Korean Peninsula."
Kim called the press conference to "categorically reject" the U.S. decision to hold an open meeting of the Security Council on April 28 on North Korea's nuclear program which is scheduled to be chaired by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
He called it "another abuse of authority" by the United States, which holds the Security Council presidency this month, and a violation of the DPRK's sovereignty.
Pointing to the recent U.S. airstrike on a Syrian base in retaliation for a chemical weapons attack, Kim said "the U.S. without any hesitation perpetrates military attacks" and threatens sovereign states.
He said the United States insists "on the gangster-like logic that its invasion of a sovereign state is 'decisive, just and proportionate' and contributes to 'defending' the international order in its bid to apply it to the Korean peninsula as well."
Kim ignored questions about the DPRK's relationship with China and reports that the government didn't respond to requests from Chinese officials for a meeting.
Instead he reiterated two Chinese proposals that the U.S. rejected.
One called for "dual-track" talks on denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula — the top priority of the United States — and replacing the armistice that ended the 1950-53 Korean War with a formal peace treaty, a key demand of Pyongyang. The other called for a freeze on U.S.-South Korean military exercises and a freeze on DPRK missile and nuclear tests.
It's official – Vin Diesel is in ‘Fast and Furious Live'.
The upcoming global arena tour – which will recreate high-octane moments from the ‘Fast and Furious' franchise – is set to tour the globe next year… and now it looks as though Vin Diesel will be part of the show.
“As you know, my work with Fast and Furious never ends, which I'm grateful for because of you all,” he said via his official Facebook page. “I am in New York, believe it or not, and we are filming something that is going to be pretty state of the art, something no one's ever seen before, which is a live show.”
– Arnie's Greatest One-Liners
– Vote For Your Bond 25 Dream Team
– Jeanne Moreau Has Died Aged 89
“I think it's first going to be showed at the O2 Arena in London, but it's going to go all over the world and we're really excited about it. It'll be a way for you to see the action first-hand first time it's ever been done.”
‘Fast and Furious Live' is written and directed by Rowland French, and will apparently feature “precision performance drivers, blockbuster set design, authentic digital projections and state-of-the-art physical obstacles.”
And now, Vin Diesel, too.
How is that going to work? Well, for now we have no idea… but it's likely that filmed segments will appear in some capacity, providing a backdrop for the thrilling, high-octane action within the arena itself.
And we can't help wondering if there are any other ‘Fast and Furious' cameos.
More info about ‘Fast and Furious Live' can be found on its official website.
Vin Diesel will next play Dominic Toretto on the big screen in ‘Fast and Furious 9'.
– Arnie Celebrated 70th Birthday With Stallone
– IT Filmmakers Wanted Tilda Swinton Aa Pennywise
– George Clooney Threatens To Sue French Magazine
With Vero Beach, Fla., receiver DeMarcus Harris set to make his college announcement on Wednesday, July 4th, Cats Illustrated caught up with him to set the stage.Harris, a 6-foot-2, 170-pound recei...
NEW YORK (AP) — Snoop Dogg will be celebrating Super Bowl week with two of his favorite things: worship and women, headlining BET's annual pre-Super Bowl gospel concert and the Playboy party.
The busy week also features performances by Jennifer Lopez, Pink, Cardi B and the Chainsmokers. Super Bowl 52 will take place Sunday at the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minnesota, where the Philadelphia Eagles will take on the New England Patriots.
The biggest of the stars, though, is Justin Timberlake: Before he headlines the halftime show, he will hold a listening party Thursday at Paisley Park for his new album, "Man of the Woods," to be released Friday.
Pink will also play double duty: She will sing the National Anthem before the Big Game, and will perform a concert Friday night at Nomadic Live! at The Armory.
Friday's events include a Rolling Stone magazine party with Migos, 21 Savage and T-Pain; Ellie Goulding and Kygo at Mystic Lake; and Golden Globe-nominated "Insecure" actress Issa Rae speaking at the NFL's third "In the Huddle" Women's Summit For Young Women.
Rae's "Insecure" co-star, Yvonne Orji, will co-host BET's gospel concert with Pastor John Gray on Thursday, where performers include Faith Evans, Sheila E., Donnie McClurkin, Erica Campbell and Tye Tribbett. Thursday will also include the EA Sports Bowl with Imagine Dragons, Machine Gun Kelly and Mura Masa at The Armory, while The Chainsmokers will perform at Mystic Lake.
Lopez will headline the DirecTV Super Saturday Night concert — a show Taylor Swift performed at last year. Maxim will hold a party Saturday with Cardi B and Post Malone, while Dave Matthews Band and Florida Georgia Line will also hold concerts that night. It's the same day Snoop Dogg will DJ Playboy's Big Game Weekend Party (he will also hold a screening Friday for his new Netflix show, "Coach Snoop.")
Kelly Clarkson and Sheila E. will perform concerts ahead of the Super Bowl on Sunday, while Diddy, DJ Khaled, French Montana, Cardi B, G-Eazy and Busta Rhymes will perform at the first annual Players Ball Extravaganza after the game.
Foreign nationals are arrested on Feb. 7, 2017, during a targeted enforcement operation conducted by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) (Charles Reed/U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement via AP)
WASHINGTON — Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents have been conducting what Department of Homeland Security officials describe as a “targeted enforcement surge” and arresting undocumented immigrants for the past week. While the arrests have generated rumors and fears that the agency is stepping up raids after the inauguration of President Trump, DHS officials insist that the activity is routine and that it is largely aimed at undocumented immigrants with criminal convictions.
“ICE is not performing indiscriminate raids or sweeps or checkpoints when we go out. We know the people we want to apprehend,” DHS Press Secretary Gillian Christensen told Yahoo News on Monday evening. “We're not just going to random doors or pulling random cars over.”
Christensen further described reports of identification checkpoints and random home visits as “needless fearmongering and completely inaccurate rumors.” She said the agency is eager to “take the level of fear in the community down, while still doing our job.” Christensen also stressed that ICE is working off “target lists” and that “75 percent” of the people who have been arrested have criminal convictions.
According to a fact sheet distributed by ICE on Monday, the enforcement surge included operations in “the Los Angeles, Atlanta, Chicago, New York and San Antonio areas of responsibility.” Christensen said the operation ended on Monday evening and described these “targeted enforcement surges” as “very common.”
“Most field offices are required to do a few a year, and it's not uncommon for us to do a coordinated operation with several field offices at a time,” she explained.
During his presidential campaign last year, Trump said enforcing immigration laws would be one of his priorities, but Christensen pointed to “a number” of similar operations during the administration of President Barack Obama. The ICE fact sheet listed four different “national targeted fugitive operation enforcement efforts” between 2011 and 2017, with between 1,660 and 3,100 people arrested each time.
According to the fact sheet, over 680 people were arrested in the operation this month. However, a DHS official told Yahoo News that is likely to be only a part of the total. The official said ICE put together statistics on the number of arrests before the operation fully concluded on Monday evening, due to immense public interest.
“The ultimate total will probably be higher,” the official said.
Christensen provided a more detailed breakdown of the people arrested by ICE during the surge. She suggested the operation involved substantial preparation and was not launched quickly.
“Seventy-five percent of the people arrested were convicted criminals. Those are target lists that each field office takes the time to build. They take the time to do surveillance to ensure that they have a good shot of apprehending the folks on the target list,” said Christensen.
Christensen said two other groups that are major enforcement priorities for ICE made up most of the remainder of the arrests.
“The other 25 percent, that's made up of illegal re-entrants. They've been deported once, and they illegally re-entered the country. That group also contains immigration fugitives. Those are people who have been given an order of removal by an immigration judge and, instead of complying with that order for removal, they have absconded,” Christensen said.
Yahoo News asked whether any undocumented immigrants who did not fall under those three categories may have been arrested during the enforcement surge. She conceded that some may have been.
“It would be a very small number,” Christensen said.
Although Christensen said she did not yet have complete information about the operation, she stressed that the “vast majority” of the arrests were undocumented immigrants with criminal convictions.
While DHS is characterizing the enforcement surge as a routine operation, there are some differences now that Trump has taken office. The DHS official said one of the executive orders on immigration that was signed by Trump gives individual immigration officers “discretion” to arrest people who are identified during raids that might not have been on the target list.
“It's on a case-by-case basis. If our officers went to a house, they found their target, and there was someone there who, based on the discretion of the officers in the field, they should be arrested as part of the operation, then they have the discretion to do that,” the official said.
Christensen also noted that Trump had given DHS and ICE his full support.
“This is something we can do as a matter of routine, but it still falls under what the president has encouraged DHS to do,” she said.
Shutterstock
It's been a long time coming, but American Girl now has its first ever boy character doll. His name is Logan and he is a Nashville crooner with the perfect hipster flannel shirt to match. For those who are taken aback by the decision to add a boy doll to American Girl's extensive collection of dolls, Logan is paired with another singer named Tenney that he presumably bops around Nashville with, ordering artisanal barbecue sauces and lattes before their next gig at the local dive bar. American Girl made sure to cite that Logan and Tenney are both singer-songwriters, just so it's completely clear that neither of them are some doesn't-write-their-own-music fakes that can be found at Music Row.
American Girl
The rest of 2017's new collection of dolls isn't lacking in diversity either. The full list of fresh faces includes a Hawaiian named Nanea whose story takes place during World War II, a Korean-American girl named Z Yang that loves filmmaking, and an African American girl named Gabriela that enjoys spoken word poetry. There are passions and nationalities for everyone, and unlike any year before now there is also a boy that can either hang out with the rest of a little girl's collection or be his own person and own open mic nights all on his own.
(via BuzzFeed)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on the Trump administration and Russia sanctions (all times local):
12:15 a.m.
The Trump administration has released its highly anticipated list of Russian politicians and business figures in an attempt to increase pressure on Russian President Vladimir Putin.
The list includes 114 individuals deemed by the Treasury Department to be senior Russian political figures. It also includes 96 people deemed to be "oligarchs." The Treasury says each has an estimated net worth of $1 billion or more.
The list was required by a law passed by Congress last year to punish Russia for meddling in the 2016 U.S. election. The Trump administration had until Monday to release the list, aimed at exposing those who have gained wealth or power through association with Putin. It's been informally referred to as the "Putin list."
The list does not trigger any U.S. sanctions targeting the individuals.
___
8:18 p.m.
The Trump administration has notified Congress that it will not impose new sanctions on Russia at this time.
The State Department says it's confident that new legislation enacted last year is significantly deterring Russian defense sales.
Spokeswoman Heather Nauert estimates foreign governments have abandoned several billion dollars in planned or announced Russian purchases.
The decision comes amid ongoing concerns from critics of the president that his administration has been too soft on Russia. Investigations continue into Moscow's efforts to influence the 2016 election to help Donald Trump win.
The Treasury Department was expected to release another list of businessmen who have grown rich under Russian President Vladimir Putin, but the day came and went with no word. The Treasury Department did not respond to multiple inquiries Monday about the list.
OTTAWA — Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould has asked for an independent review of an extradition that resulted in Ottawa professor Hassan Diab spending three years in a French jail, only to be suddenly released.
The external review — which has not started — is in addition to an internal "lessons learned" examination already underway, a spokesman for Wilson-Raybould said Wednesday.
French authorities suspected Diab, 64, was involved in the 1980 bombing of a Paris synagogue that killed four people and injured dozens of others, an accusation he has always denied.
The sociology professor and his supporters have been urging the federal government to hold a full public inquiry into the case and to reform the Extradition Act to ensure individual rights are respected.
In a letter Tuesday to Amnesty International Canada and the British Columbia Civil Liberties Association, Wilson-Raybould said Diab was afforded "all of the procedural safeguards" under the Extradition Act and that his charter rights were considered during Canadian court proceedings.
"Nonetheless, due to the three-year-period that Dr. Diab spent in custody in France, I have been reflecting carefully on this case," said her letter, made available to the The Canadian Press by the two rights organizations.
"As you know, Department of Justice Canada officials have undertaken a 'lessons learned' review of the Diab extradition proceedings. I have also asked for an independent external review of this matter."
Josh Paterson, executive director of the B.C. association, said Wednesday he is seeking answers from the minister about the independent review, including whether the findings will be made public.
"Who will be or has been appointed? What is the scope of the review? Will they have the power to require the department to co-operate with them?"
No other information was immediately available from Wilson-Raybould's office.
Karni Sena decided to call off their protest against the release of Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Padmaavat after a few members of the Rajput group went to see the movie on Friday in Mumbai and found that the move actually glorifies Rajputs. Earlier, Karni Sena had sought a ban over the movie stating that it distorts the historical facts. Last month, Supreme Court also lifted the ban on the movie imposed by several states and directed them to ensure its release. The film was released in theatres across India on January 25 amidst tight security and protest from various groups, including Karni Sena.
Following month-long violent protests, several deaths, and burnt vehicles across the nation, Rajput Karni Sena has finally withdrawn their protest against Sanjay Leela Bhansali's ‘Padmaavat'. After claiming that the Bhansali's Padmaavat was degrading the Rajput community, the Karni Sena called off their protest stating that the movie glorifies the valour of the Rajputs. Following a strong protest by the Karni Sena, Padmaavat previously titled as ‘Padmavati' had also failed to meet its previous release date and made to the theatres after a number of cuts and an extra ‘A' in the title.
Calling off protests against Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh starrer Padmaavat, Karni Sena's Mumbai leader Yogendra Singh Katar said that following the directions by organisation's national President Sukhdev Singh Gogamadi, a few of the Karni Sena members went to watch the movie in Mumbai on Friday. After watching the movie, the members of the Rajput group said that ‘the movie glorifies the valour and sacrifice of Rajput and every Rajput will be feeling proud after watching the film.'
The Karni Sena withdrew their protests against the movie by issuing a letter. In the letter, the Karni Sena leader said that there is no such objectionable scene between Delhi Sultanate ruler Alauddin Khilji and Queen Padmini of Mewar that would hurt the sentiments of Rajputs. After seeking the ban on Padmaavat across India, Karni Sena said that they will be helping the administration so that the film can release in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, and Gujarat as well as across all cinema houses in India.
Earlier, the Karni Sena had been seeking the ban over the film stating that Padmaavat distorts historical facts and projects queen Padmini in poor light. Meanwhile, Supreme Court had lifted the ban on the movie imposed by several states and directed them to release the movie.
There's an unplanned experiment going on in the northern Rocky Mountains. What's happening is that spring is arriving earlier, and it's generally warmer and drier than usual. And that's messing with some of the fish that live there.
The fish is the iconic cutthroat trout. It's a native North American fish that thrives in cold, small streams. Explorer Meriwether Lewis of Lewis and Clark Expedition fame was among the first European-Americans to catch this spangly, spotted fish. He used deer spleen as bait.
It's relative rarity now makes it a favorite for catch-and-release anglers. But biologists have now found that it's in danger. The much more common rainbow trout is invading cutthroat streams and mating with the native fish. Ecologist Clint Muhlfeld says that creates hybrids.
"It jumbles up the genes that are linked to the locally adapted traits that these fish have evolved with," says Muhlfeld, who's with the U.S. Geological Survey and the University of Montana's Flathead Lake Biological Station.
Those traits have allowed cutthroats to survive through millennia in cold northern streams. And cold streams were thought to protect them from rainbows, which prefer warmer water.
But climate change is warming many high-altitude streams, and they frequently have less water, another change that favors rainbows. So they're moving in.
Muhlfeld says that when rainbows and cutthroats breed, the resulting hybrids are feeble — "less fit," in biological terms. "They don't survive as well as the native fish," he says. And hybrids that do survive continue to make more hybrids; there's no going back to making cutthroats again.
Writing in the journal Global Change Biology, Muhlfeld and a team of scientists from several research institutions studied fish in hundreds of locations in the northern Rockies. Hybridization was widespread. It was most common in places where fish and game departments have introduced rainbow trout, a practice that goes back to the 19th century.
Some states are trying to solve the problem by getting rid of rainbow trout. That might not please some anglers, but Muhlfeld says the cutthroat species could disappear otherwise.
"There are so many places around the world where you can go catch a rainbow trout," he says; it's been introduced all over the world. "There are very few places where you can actually go and catch a native fish that's been around for thousands and thousands of years.
"Extinction is permanent. Once the native genomes and adaptive traits are gone, they are gone forever."
It's a wonderful feeling to look good. If you are in a fashion slump and need a little help, it's hard to know where to get the right information. What is flashy and what is classic? Here are some tips to help you pick pieces that flatter you no matter what the season is.
A great looking purse can complement your outfit, but make sure it goes with whatever other bag you are carrying. This means your purse should match your briefcase if you need to use both of them on the same occasion. You should only ever have a maximum of two bags on you at the same time.
For a simple way to look more stylish, swap out your cheap rubber flip-flops for a pair of strappy sandals in leather, patent, or another eye-catching, grown-up material. Your feet will still be comfortable, but you will instantly look more put-together and polished. Look for embellished styles with beads, embroidery or funky hardware.
It has become fashionable for men to wear clothes that are very baggy, but this should be avoided. This makes you look sloppy and can make you look larger than you really are. While you do not have to wear anything that is too restricted, one size larger than your actual size should be the limit.
Build your wardrobe around basic staples that you can mix and match easily. Some key pieces include a little black dress, a fitted jacket and matching skirt, a tailored pair of slacks in a neutral color and a pair of dark, fitted trouser jeans. These items can take your almost anywhere paired with the right top and/or accessories.
Hats are a great accessory to match any kind of outfit. For men, there are the typical fisherman hats and baseball caps, but for women, the possibilities run much deeper. For instance, you can wear a cute sun hat, floppy hat or beach hat with any casual dress you own.
Black clothing makes people look thinner. This will mask your look so that you are not emphasizing bulges. Skirts with elastic waistbands will feel better on.
Don't fall for a fashion trend if it doesn't fit your frame well. Everyone may be wearing the newest fashion fad, and you'll be tempted to follow suit. But if the newest style is not complementary to your physical frame, you will only be doing yourself a fashion disservice.
Mousse is an excellent tool in adding volume to thin hair if used properly. Although big hair is gaining popularity again, it is not flattering on most people.
Find the right balance between fashionable and comfortable. Pain doesn't have to equal beauty. Just because a pair of shoes or a lacy dress are aesthetically pleasing doesn't mean you should wear them. Don't just check to see if something fits. Before you spend any money, try to determine whether you will be able to wear what you are buying for extended periods of time.
The most flattering clothes are ones that fit properly. Clothes that are too tight will put the spotlight on your body's flaws and clothes that are too loose will add the appearance of extra pounds. No matter what the style, color or material, clothes that are the right size will help you look great.
To push your style, try layering a fun skirt over a dress. There are many dresses out there that would make excellent tops. Just throw a skirt over the dress itself. The skirt should be made of thicker fabric, so you don't have unseemly bunching. You could even have the dress peek out a bit below the skirt for a fun, unorthodox look.
When you get a haircut, keep your face shape in mind. Certain face shapes look better with certain hairstyles. Oval faces look great with nearly any hairstyle, while round faces do better with hairstyles that have height. Pear faces look better with round cuts and triangular faces look better with short cuts. Square faces look great with all kinds of cuts, except those that are flat on top.
When you dry your hair, you should just pat or blot it dry with a towel instead of rubbing your hair with a towel. Rubbing tangles and breaks your hair and can even lead to loss of hair. When you are blow-drying your hair, use a low setting and move the blow dryer constantly so that you don't fry one section of hair. Don't hold the blow dryer too close as this can cause harm to your hair and even burn you.
When choosing sunglasses or glasses, let your face shape be your guide. If you have an oval shape, any shape will look good. But if you have a round face, opt for rectangular frames or square frames. Avoid round frames. You might choose round frames if you have an angular or heart-shaped face, to soften up your look.
If you are a little heavy, stay away from fitted clothing. This will emphasize any lumps or bulges that you probably want to hide. Find tops that are fitted up top, but have a looser or flared fit around your waist. This will highlight the assets of your shape while hiding any unsightly bums.
One fashion barrier when wearing eyeliner, is keeping it from running or smearing throughout the day. To prevent this, you should ensure that you get the right brand of eyeliner. There are special brands that are stayed proof. These are ideal eyeliners that will last all day, every day.
Now that you've read this article, you should have a much better self esteem regarding fashion and your own personal flavor. Fashion is better if it's unique, and you can do that since you're a unique person. Remember the tips and advice you've read here as you work towards fashion in your life.
DeMarcus Harris' commitment to Kentucky is significant on a number of levels.Cats Illustrated breaks down what it means from a scouting perspective but also in terms of UK's overall 2019 recruiting...
SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Nearly two-thirds of caregivers whose loved ones suffer from the debilitating effects of Alzheimer's or related dementia say they would take medication to delay the onset of their own memory loss by even six months, if it were affordable and free of side effects. Sixty-four percent say they've already made healthy lifestyle modifications in an effort to prevent their own memory loss, making meaningful edits to their diet and exercise. However, only one-third of caregivers say they have been tested for the Alzheimer's gene. These, and other, findings were revealed in a new report from Healthline Media, the fastest growing health information brand, reaching 39 million monthly users in the United States.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005860/en/
Healthline's State of Caregiving for Alzheimer's or Related Dementia 2018 (Graphic: Business Wire)
The report, “State of Caregiving for Alzheimer's Disease and Related Dementia 2018,” examines the current caregiving population, the challenges they face in caring for a loved one with the disease today and how advances in science and technology may affect caregiving roles in the future. The report included a survey of nearly 400 active caregivers across generations and in-depth interviews with medical experts and advocacy groups. The full report can be accessed at www.healthline.com/health/state-of-alzheimers.
“Alzheimer's disease is on the rise, and the landscape is evolving - the types of clinical trials, treatments, resources/support, and the accelerated need for more family caregivers to take on the intensive responsibility of care for loved ones,” said Diane Ty, Project Director of the Global Social Enterprise Initiative and AgingWell Hub at Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business. “Healthline's report helps prepare the modern patient and caregiver for the new state of Alzheimer's disease and other dementias.”
According to Healthline's report, the intimate view of a loved one aging with Alzheimer's or related dementia is prompting more caregivers (34 percent) to be genetically tested for the disease, something millennials (49 percent) are more proactive about than older generations (Gen Xers 36 percent, Boomers 17 percent.)
Most caregivers report that a specific incident prompted a medical evaluation for their loved one (70 percent.) In almost half of all cases the incident was the last in a series, though more than one quarter of the cases were the first of its kind. Interestingly, millennial caregivers were more likely to report a first-time incident led to a medical evaluation (41 percent) compared to other caregiver groups (Boomers 21 percent; Gen Xers 18 percent.)
Key Findings:
PATIENT 67 percent take up to one year to receive a specific diagnosis 41 percent had MCI (mild cognitive impairment) before an Alzheimer's or related dementia diagnosis 75 percent of Alzheimer's or related dementia patients remain home or in a private residence despite the disease's progression CAREGIVER 71 percent of caregivers are female 72 percent of caregivers say their health has worsened since becoming caregivers 1 of 2 caregivers have had their career and/or finances impacted due to caregiving responsibilities CAREGIVER RESOURCES 42 percent of caregivers use in-person support groups, online communities/forums 55 percent of caregivers say they are not getting adequate emotional support
“We know our readers - both patients and their caregivers - have individual health journeys and we always strive to understand their specific paths, and how our content can best support them,” said Tracy Stickler, Editor-in-Chief, Healthline. “The latest “State of…” report helps deepen our understanding of the evolving needs of the caregiver so we can create content and programs to better support them in making critical decisions.
Healthline's “State Of…” series examines consumer lifestyle data gathered by the website's research team. “State of…” research results are paired with editorial content illustrating topics from the consumer's perspective, highlighting credible, expert-informed insights to inform health decisions. The “State of…” series kicked off in July 2017 with the “State of Fertility,” followed by the “State of Care” and “State of Cancer.” “State of Caregiving for Alzheimer's Disease and Related Dementia 2018” adds to the growing body of research in key disease states affecting Healthline's readers - the modern healthcare consumer and their caregivers. Additional studies in this series will continue in 2018, examining other key disease states affecting Healthline's readers.
About Alzheimer's Disease and Related Dementia
According to the Alzheimer's Association, Alzheimer's disease is a type of dementia that causes problems with memory, thinking and behavior. Dementia is not a specific disease. It's an overall term that describes a group of symptoms associated with a decline in memory or other thinking skills severe enough to reduce a person's ability to perform everyday activities. Alzheimer's accounts for 60 to 80 percent of dementia cases. There are currently 5.7 million Americans living with Alzheimer's, with 47 million people with the disease worldwide. One in every 10 Americans aged 65 or older is living with Alzheimer's, with two-thirds being women. Alzheimer's is the costliest disease in the United States, in raw expense of more than $270 billion annually, but also in the incalculable toll it takes on patient and caregiver alike.
About Healthline's The State of Caregiving for Alzheimer's or Related Dementia 2018
Healthline conducted a survey of nearly 400 active caregivers representing millennials, Gen X, and Boomers, and interviewed a dynamic group of medical and care experts to best understand the constraints, needs, and unspoken truths of living with and caring for an Alzheimer's patient. The objective of the survey was to understand the role and responsibilities of unpaid Alzheimer's or related dementia caregivers, identify the resources and tools used by these caregivers and gauge the impact caregiving has on the health, career, and finances of caregivers. Respondents were screened to confirm US residency, age 18+, and unpaid caregiving for someone diagnosed with Alzheimer's or related dementia. The survey was fielded between February 16, 2018 – February 23, 2018.
About Healthline
As the fastest growing consumer health information site — with 39 million monthly visitors in the US (comScore, Jan 2018) — Healthline's mission is to be our users' most trusted ally in their pursuit of health and well-being. Healthline provides socially-inspired, medically-reviewed and data-driven content to help us all live stronger, healthier lives. Healthline's flagship website http://www.healthline.com takes a whole-person approach to health and wellness information to support the modern health consumer.
Source: Healthline's State of Caregiving for Alzheimer's and Related Dementia Survey. Panel sourced by Survey Sampling International (n=384 Alzheimer's/Dementia caregivers) from February 16, 2018– February 23, 2018.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005860/en/
CONTACT: Media:
Healthline Media
Ingrid Eberly, 917-720-4386
ieberly@healthline.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: SENIORS TECHNOLOGY HARDWARE HEALTH BIOTECHNOLOGY CLINICAL TRIALS FITNESS & NUTRITION GENETICS HOSPITALS MEDICAL DEVICES MENTAL HEALTH PHARMACEUTICAL OTHER HEALTH COMMUNICATIONS ADVERTISING MARKETING RESEARCH OTHER SCIENCE PUBLISHING FDA CONSUMER NURSING SCIENCE MANAGED CARE PHYSICAL THERAPY
SOURCE: Healthline Media
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 10:00 AM/DISC: 05/30/2018 10:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005860/en
Shooting was reported in the area of the Samarian Jewish community of Yitzhar on Thursday morning.
It turned out to be an Israel Defense Forces exercise that had not been previously announced.
Transcript for Trump proposes executing drug dealers to fight opioid crisis
Next tonight here, President Trump traveling to New Hampshire today, talking tough about the opioid crisis, calling for the death penalty for some drug dealers. He also lashed out against Robert Mueller all weekend long, with tweets naming Mueller. Here's ABC's senior White House correspondent Cecilia Vega tonight. Reporter: In New Hampshire today, President Trump toeing a tough line on the nation's opioid crisis. Praising other countries for executing drug dealers, and proposing the same right here at home. We have got to get tough. This isn't about nice anymore. Reporter: Right there in the crowd, his embattled attorney general. For today, back in the president's good graces. Jeff sessions, who's here with us now, feels so strongly about this. Reporter: President Trump getting tough after a weekend lashing out against the special counsel and his Russia probe. The escalating attacks still going this morning. The president tweeting, "A total witch hunt with massive conflicts of interest!" For the first time, he also went after Robert Mueller by name, say, "The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime." A year into tin vest game, the president growing increasingly frustrated. I can only say this, there was absolutely no collusion. Everybody knows it. Reporter: And he is not alone. Over the weekend, his personal attorney stunning Washington, slamming the Russia probe as "Manufactured" and calling for its conclusion. The president's Twitter tirade started with the Friday night firing of FBI deputy director Andrew Mccabe, ousted less than two days before he was set to retire. You cannot stop the men and women of the FBI from doing the right thing. Reporter: An inspector general report concluded Mccabe authorized a conversation between FBI officials and a journalist about a Clinton foundation probe, and then he misled investigators about it. Mccabe denies any wrongdoing and says he was singled out as part of the administration's war with the special counsel. And now, sources tell ABC news Mccabe sat down for an interview with Mueller's team and has turned over memos of his conversations with the president. Tonight, the White House insists the president has no plans to fire Robert Mueller. But many in Washington, like Republican senator Lindsey graham, remain concerned. If he tried to do that, that would be the beginning of the end of his presidency. Cecilia, as you reported, the White House trying to ease concern over on the hill, saying the president has no plans to fire Mueller. But back to the other headline you reported on tonight, about the nation's ode yoid crisis. The president had this to say about executing some drug dealers. The ultimate penalty has to be the death penalty. Now, maybe our country's not ready for that. It's possible. It's possible. That our country's not ready for that. And I can understand it, maybe. Although personally, I can't understand that. So, Cecilia, how does the president plan to make this happen? Reporter: Well, David, it appears he wants to enforce certain laws on the books that are not currently being used, by expanding capital punishment to include certain drug kingpins, not just those drug dealers involved in murders. David? Cecilia, thank you.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Romania's ruling party withdrew political support for Premier Sorin Grindeanu and his Cabinet on Wednesday after the party's leader said he had lost confidence in the government, throwing the country into a political crisis.
The Social Democratic Party voted unanimously to withdraw support for its government after a meeting lasting more than five hours. Party leaders said Grindeanu, who has been in office for six months, had failed to respect the party's governing program.
Grindeanu was defiant, saying later: "I am not resigning," and adding: "This is the government of Romania, not of the executive committee of the Social Democratic Party." Dozens of people rallied outside the government offices in support of Grindeanu.
The prime minister said he would step down in the future when President Klaus Iohannis nominates a premier from the Social Democratic Party. Grindeanu remains in office, but the party threatened to expel him if he did not resign.
Party Chairman Liviu Dragnea said the party had shown "an act of courage...to do this." He said the government's direction was good, but the speed of implementing its governing program was too slow. He claimed nearly all Cabinet ministers had resigned.
Dragnea himself cannot be prime minister because he was convicted last year of vote-rigging.
Dragnea has said he is dissatisfied with the government's performance, except in ministries headed by his political allies. Grindeanu said the evaluation of his Cabinet was done unfairly.
Calin Popescu Tariceanu, the leader of a junior party in the governing coalition, said his Alliance of Liberals and Democrats no longer supports the government and the party's three ministers have agreed to resign.
Former Premier Victor Ponta, a Social Democrat, accused Dragnea of sparking a futile crisis and suggested he was envious of Grindeanu's relative popularity.
Grindeanu moved to decriminalize official misconduct in January, sparking huge protests that led him to withdraw the decree. Critics said Grindeanu's government was backtracking on its anti-corruption campaign.
09:45 Reported News Briefs Av 23, 5777 , 15/08/17 Av 23, 5777 , 15/08/17 Maccabi Tel Aviv signs Norris Cole Maccabi Tel Aviv's basketball team has signed 28-year-old point guard Norris Cole for the upcoming season. Cole played for the Miami Heat when it won the National Basketball Association championship in 2012 and 2013. He was with Oklahoma City at the end of the 2016-2017 season. ► ◄ Last Briefs
News of the apparent assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother rippled across Asia on Wednesday as Malaysian investigators scoured airport surveillance video for clues about two female suspects and rival South Korea offered up a single, shaky motive: paranoia.
Kim Jong Nam, 46, was targeted Monday at the budget terminal of Kuala Lumpur International Airport, said a senior Malaysian government official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the case involves sensitive diplomacy.
Kim, who died on the way to a hospital, told medical workers that he had been attacked with a chemical spray, the official said.
Malaysian officials have provided few other details about why they believe Kim died in a targeted killing. Police said an autopsy was planned to determine the cause of death.
Since taking power in late 2011, Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a slew of high-level government officials in what the South Korean government has described as a "reign of terror."
South Korea's spy service said Wednesday that North Korea had been trying for five years to kill Kim. But the National Intelligence Service did not definitively say that North Korea was behind the killing, just that it was presumed to be a North Korean operation, according to lawmakers who briefed reporters about the closed door meeting with the spy officials.
The NIS cited Kim Jong-un's alleged "paranoia" about his half brother. Still, the agency has a history of botching intelligence on North Korea and has long sought to portray the country's leaders as mentally unstable.
Multiple South Korean media reports, citing unidentified sources, said Kim Jong Nam was killed at the airport by two women believed to be North Korean agents. They fled in a taxi and were being sought by Malaysian police, the reports said.
Police were searching for clues in the closed circuit television footage from the airport, said Selangor police chief Abdul Samah Mat. The airport is in Selangor, near Kuala Lumpur.
According to the Malaysian government official, Kim Jong Nam was in a shopping concourse and had not yet gone through security for a planned flight to Macau when the incident occurred.
Kim was estranged from his half brother, the North Korean leader. Although he had been originally tipped by some outsiders as a possible successor to his late dictator father, Kim Jong Il, others thought that was unlikely because he lived outside the country, including recently in Macau, Singapore and Malaysia.
He reportedly fell further out of favor when he was caught trying to enter Japan on a false passport in 2001, saying he wanted to visit Tokyo Disneyland.
A Malaysian police statement confirmed the death of a 46-year-old North Korean man whom it identified from his travel document as Kim Chol, born in Pyongyang on June 10, 1970.
Ken Gause, who is with the CNA think tank in Washington and has studied North Korea's leadership for 30 years, said Kim Chol was a name that Kim Jong Nam had traveled under. He is believed to have been born May 10, 1971.
While the most likely explanation for the killing was that Kim Jong-un was removing a potential challenger to North Korean leadership within his own family, he could also be sending a warning to North Korean officials to demonstrate the reach of the regime. It follows the defection last year of a senior diplomat from the North Korean Embassy in London who has spoken of his despair at Kim's purges.
Mark Tokola, vice president of the Korea Economic Institute in Washington and a former deputy chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy in Seoul, said it would be surprising if Kim Jong Nam was not killed on the orders of his half brother, given that North Korean agents have reportedly tried to assassinate Kim Jong Nam in the past.
"It seems probable that the motivation for the murder was a continuing sense of paranoia on the part of Kim Jong-un," Tokola wrote in a commentary Tuesday. Although there was scant evidence that Kim Jong Nam was plotting against the North Korean leader, he provided an alternative for North Koreans who would want to depose his half brother.
Among Kim Jong-un's executions and purgings, the most spectacular was the 2013 execution of his uncle, Jang Song Thaek, once considered the country's second-most powerful man, for what the North alleged was treason.
Gause said Kim Jong Nam had been forthright that he did not have political ambitions, although he was publicly critical of the North Korean regime and his half brother's legitimacy in the past.
Kim Jong Nam had been less outspoken since 2011, when North Korean assassins reportedly tried to shoot him in Macau, Gause said, though the details of the attempted killing are murky. South Korea also reportedly jailed a North Korean spy in 2012 who admitted to trying to organize a hit-and-run accident targeting Kim Jong Nam in China in 2010.
Despite the attempts on his life, Kim Jong Nam had reportedly traveled to North Korea since then, so it was assumed he was no longer under threat. Kim Jong Nam may have become more vulnerable, as his defender in the North Korean hierarchy, Kim Kyong Hui — Kim Jong-un's aunt and the wife of his executed uncle — appears to have fallen from favor or died. She has not been seen in public for more than three years, Gause said.
Kim Jong Il had at least three sons with two women, as well as a daughter by a third. Kim Jong Nam was the eldest, followed by Kim Jong Chul, who is a few years older than Kim Jong-un and is known as a playboy who reportedly attended Eric Clapton concerts in London in 2015. It's unclear what positon he has in the North Korean government.
A younger sister, Kim Yo Jong, was named a member of the Workers' Party of Korea's Central Committee during a North Korean party congress last May. She has a position in a propaganda and agitation department and is known as Kim Jong-un's gatekeeper, Gause said.
———
Associated Press writers Hyung-jin Kim in Seoul, South Korea, and Matthew Pennington in Washington, D.C., contributed to this report.
Dom Marle – aka the Randonnee Mankini man – needs our help.
When he took part in this year's Randonnee, he got changed at Yarmouth Primary School out of his cycling gear and left it there for safe keeping. When he later returned, the school was closed and he's not been able to get hold of anyone since to retrieve his clothing.
Dom is hoping that the power of social media will assist in the recovery. He says:
“This is a long shot, but I took part in the IOW Randonnee Cycling event on 6th May, I left two items of cycling clothing with one of the volunteers at Yarmouth School as I dress in a Mankini for SANDS Charity (Still Birth & Neonatal Deaths). “When I got back to the Yarmouth School checkpoint at 6.15pm the School was locked up…..so I was unable to get my stuff back (Santini cycling top and Santini Bibed Shorts). “I've already contacted the Randonnee organiser and the School directly (headmistress) but still, as yet, no news. “The female volunteer I left my stuff with recognised me as “The Mankini Man” as I've done the event for Charity over the last five years. “I don't know her name, but she was on the Yarmouth School checkpoint at 10.15am that morning. “Any news on where my stuff is would be greatly appreciated as it's £150 Cycling gear. Please call or txt if you have any news 07855 565 557.”
Location map
View the location of this story.
Photo
AOL Instant Messenger, the chat program that connected a generation to their classmates and crushes while guiding them through the early days of digital socializing, will shut down on Dec. 15, its parent company announced on Friday.
Released in 1997, the program had largely faded into obscurity over the last decade, replaced by text messages, Google Chat, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat and on and on we go. But at its height, AIM, as it was known, served as the social center for teenagers and young adults, the scene of deeply resonant memories and the place where people learned how to interact online.
“AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed,” Michael Albers, vice president of communications product at Oath, the parent company of AOL, said in a statement on Friday.
The news of its official demise was met with cries of nostalgia, especially from those who were coming of age as AIM rose to prominence. For many people now in their 20s and 30s, learning to talk online coincided with learning to communicate like an adult, said Caroline Moss, 29, a writer and editor in New York who for years paid tribute to AIM with the parody Twitter account @YourAwayMessage.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The chat program was a workaround for the typical clumsiness and anxiety of adolescence. Too shy to talk to the boy at his locker? You could go home and chat with him for hours.
TORONTO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--AppArmor, the industry standard in custom mobile safety apps for higher education institutions and healthcare facilities across the globe is proud to announce that both the AppArmor Safety Apps and the AppArmor Alert Unified Mass Notification System received the 2018 “Platinum” distinction in this year's Secure Campus Awards from Campus Security & Life Safety.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005187/en/
AppArmor was the shared Platinum winner of the Emergency Notification/Mass Notification category and the exclusive Platinum winner of the Security & Personal Safety Smartphone Applications. The full list of organizations can be found here.
An independent panel of judges from the security industry selected the top entries in the 2018 categories and named them winners using criteria including Features, Innovation, User Friendliness, Interoperability, Quality, Design, Market Opportunity and Impact in the Security Industry, Technical Advances, and Scalability.
“As a trusted safety app and mass notification provider for over 170 institutions in the United States, Canada, Australia, Europe and the Caribbean, AppArmor is thrilled to have been selected by the independent judging panel of career professionals in the security industry” said David Sinkinson, Co-Founder of AppArmor. “Our dedication to secure and scalable emergency response and safety technology are reflected in these two great awards.”
President and group publisher of the Infrastructure Solutions Group of 1105 Media, Kevin O'Grady, added: “Campus security has been a real issue across the country lately, so it is great to see all the outstanding products and services that are available to the marketplace. Campus Security & Life Safety's goal is to continue to educate professionals in this important industry.”
AppArmor Safety apps, the flagship product of AppArmor, give organizations over 50 powerful safety features which can be provided to end-users. This includes unlimited push notifications, location services features, geofencing capabilities, and much more. Further, all apps on the platform are fully branded to the organization, leading to 50-100 times more downloads than other safety app options in the market.
AppArmor Alert, the unified mass notification system from AppArmor, further complements the safety app push notification offering by including mass email, mass text messages, mass outbound calling, desktop notifications (with optional panic button), social media broadcasting, and more. All mechanisms are aggregated into a single dashboard and fully CAP compliant.
Any organizations interested in the platform are encouraged to contact AppArmor for a free no obligation trial of the software.
About AppArmor Mobile
A division of CutCom Software, AppArmor develops custom mobile safety applications and emergency notification systems for universities, colleges, healthcare facilities and private institutions across the globe. AppArmor is a leader in safety, security, and emergency notification software.
To learn more about AppArmor's services, please visit http://www.apparmor.com/
Twitter: @AppArmorMobile
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005187/en/
CONTACT: David Sinkinson,
Co-Founder at AppArmor
dsinkinson@apparmor.com
KEYWORD: NORTH AMERICA CANADA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: EDUCATION UNIVERSITY TECHNOLOGY SOFTWARE SECURITY HEALTH PUBLIC POLICY/GOVERNMENT LAW ENFORCEMENT/EMERGENCY SERVICES HOMELAND SECURITY MOBILE/WIRELESS GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE: AppArmor
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 09:23 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 09:23 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005187/en
Advertisement
lens Pride and Self-Love in the L.G.B.T.Q. African Diaspora Image Olave, a non-binary queer Burundian, in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Credit Mikael Owunna
When Mikael Owunna returned to his family's home in Pittsburgh after finishing a Fulbright Fellowship in Taiwan, it was unsettling. He and his family were originally from Nigeria, where gay Africans like him were scorned and mistreated. While grappling with long suppressed anxiety and depression because of that cultural tension, he saw an exhibition of the work of Zanele Muholi, the chronicler of queer experience in South Africa.
“That was the first time I had ever seen an image of another queer African person,” Mr. Owunna recalled. He was so moved by the experience, he began a project exploring the queer African diaspora.
There was only one problem — he didn't know any queer Africans.
“That was part of the reason that I felt so isolated for so long,” he said. “In the U.S., I only had ever met two other queer African people in my entire life, and I was 23. And so that was part of what really was the motivation for me — was actually just to build community and to connect with people.”
Image Jihan, an Algerian transman in Brussels. Credit Mikael Owunna
Image Gesiye, who is queer Nigerian-Trinidadian, in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago. Credit Mikael Owunna
So he went online, where he began posting on his Tumblr, again and again: “Are you an LGBT African immigrant? Please message me.” Suddenly, he knew dozens. Over the next six months, he spent hours on the phone connecting with potential subjects for his nascent project. At the same time, he researched queer narratives and experiences in histories of pre-colonial Africa so he could better understand past and present.
Until that moment, his experience of being part of the queer African diaspora had been shaped by his experiences with his family. Though they are accepting now, the journey to that point has been long and uncertain — he was outed when he was 15, and at 18, he was brought by his family back to Nigeria to exorcise the gay away.
“I grew up feeling invalidated from every single corner,” he said. “I never felt there was a space that existed for me. And so it was really important for me to tell my story and to tell the story of my community.”
Image Olave in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Credit Mikael Owunna
Image From left, Badu, who is queer Ivorian; Yewa and Amadi, who are queer Nigerians; and Mai'Yah, who is queer Liberian, in Brooklyn. Credit Mikael Owunna
Image Taib, who is queer Ethiopian-Kenyan, in Toronto. Credit Mikael Owunna
But for Mr. Owunna, a project that began as filling a void and reclaiming space for a group left out of our narratives of both queerness and African-ness, quickly became an act of radical self-love and community building, too.
“I definitely thought I was just going to do something around people's relationships with their parents, and all this pain,” he said. But one of the first people he photographed urged him to use his project to showcase love and empowerment instead, and so Limit(less) took on a new direction.
For the project, Mr. Owunna met and photographed more than 50 L.G.B.T.Q. Africans in 10 countries across Europe and North America (as well as Trinidad and Tobago). The resulting images are of queer Africans, by a queer African. At a moment when conversations around authorship and diversity of voices are pervasive, Mr. Owunna's work exemplifies the power that comes from insiders documenting their own community.
Image Sizwe, left, who is queer Burundian, and Kim, a Burundian transwoman, in Toronto. Credit Mikael Owunna
Image Wiilo, who is queer Somali, in Arlington, Va. Credit Mikael Owunna
“Look at all these people!” he said. “And, the person who created it? There's something special there, there's definitely something special there that is incredibly touching.”
The pictures are defiant and arresting, challenging notions of what queer people look like, what African people look like and the grace that comes from loving oneself. Bearing witness to that power had a profound impact on Mr. Owunna. Meeting so many proud L.G.B.T.Q. people of African descent taught him how to love himself.
Those who had the biggest impact on him exemplified love and acceptance that he would never have thought possible. This past fall, on a whirlwind trip to Europe, where he made his final images for the project, he met a queer Nigerian mother and their daughter, as well as a pair of gay identical twins from Kenya.
“Just seeing the idea of a queer African family and seeing it realized and seeing just so much love there, that really touched me,” Mr. Owunna said.
Mr. Owunna hopes his project is a small step toward reclaiming space for L.G.B.T.Q. African people and showing the power that comes from that identity.
“When I was growing up, these images would have meant so much to me,” he said. “It would have been incomparable from what I was going through at the time, to have that, to have a perspective that matched my own. This project is important for a lot of queer and trans Africans to know that we exist, we can exist and we can love ourselves. And I think from that space, that's really radical.”
Image Tyler, who is queer Kenyan-Somali, in Toronto. Credit Mikael Owunna
Image Gray, a Ghanaian lesbian, in Amsterdam. Credit Mikael Owunna
Image Juliet, who is queer Rwandan, in Stockholm. Credit Mikael Owunna
Image Brian, who is queer Rwandan, in Montreal. Credit Mikael Owunna
Follow @nytimesphoto on Twitter. Mikael Owunna is on Instagram. You can also find Lens on Facebook and Instagram.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2017-2018 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
A Christmas calf show organised by agriculture students from Myerscough College has helped boost funds for charity.
Students plan and prepare for the event months in advance and college Head of Agriculture Craig Thompson, said: “All the students have done fantastically well. You could really see the effort they had gone to in preparation for the competition. It made a thoroughly entertaining spectacle.”
Christmas calf show
The event was staged at Lodge Farm at Myerscough's new Livestock Innovation Centre.
A raffle at the event raised more than £500, which was split between suicide prevention charity Papyrus and a student project.
Dave Iveson (Level 2 Agriculture Programme Leader) said: “Many students had never put a halter on a calf before and to see them so confident in handling these livestock now is extremely rewarding. They should be very proud of themselves.”
TORONTO — In a bid to make up for a shortfall of high-quality nutritious food, some Canadian food banks are growing their own produce — and even farming fish.
The Mississauga Food Bank recently launched AquaGrow Farms, where tilapia is being raised in tanks and lettuce is raised through hydroponics, or without soil.
Executive director Christopher Hatch said the Ontario food bank is the first in Canada to be producing its own fish.
“It's not a complete solution, but it's certainly in the right direction and it shows the community we're thinking creatively about how to solve this problem,” said Hatch.
There were just under 90,000 visits to food banks last year in Mississauga, Canada's sixth largest city with a population of about 720,000.
Donations of fresh food have been declining and higher food costs make it tougher to stretch donated cash.
“People tend to want to give us a can of soup and box of Kraft Dinner, which is fine, but we're trying to also source higher-quality nutritional value food,” said Hatch.
A couple of years ago he began exploring aquaponics — which combines aquaculture, or fish farming, with hydroponics — and thought it could be a viable solution to raise nutritious food year-round.
It takes about six months for tilapia fingerlings to reach about a kilogram in size, at which point they'll be sent off-site for processing and packaging. The first harvest is expected at the end of March.
The fish are the vegetable farmers, in a sense, as their waste, which is converted to nitrate, fertilizes the plants, says farm supervisor Colin Cotton. He's experimenting with growing buttercrunch and romaine lettuce.
“From seed to salad is about 60 days at the moment and we're trying to cut that down to about 45 days,” he said.
“Every week we harvest 36 heads of lettuce and that goes out to our member agencies all across Mississauga. We're estimating in a year we can feed about 11,000 servings of lettuce so that's pretty significant for such a small setup.
“It's already having a big impact in the community. We've been getting some feedback from clients who have received this lettuce and they have been very happy and feel very fortunate to have received this fresh lettuce especially when it's dark and grey outside.”
Clients of a food bank depot in Surrey, B.C., part of metro Vancouver, will also be the recipients of leafy salad greens, thanks to hydroponic growing walls donated by Ethan O'Brien, founder and owner of Living Garden Foods.
During O'Brien's last semester in a sustainable community redevelopment program at Simon Fraser University, students were challenged to find an organization in the community to which they could provide assistance.
“I thought why don't we talk to some local food banks, see what their problems are and see if maybe there's an avenue where we could use vertical farming in the food bank to address food insecurity issues,” said O'Brien.
Two growing walls, each about two metres high by four metres wide, are being installed at Zion Lutheran Church, which runs a food depot attended by about 80 families every two weeks.
One wall can support 80 plants and yield 182 to 272 kilograms of lettuce, Swiss chard, mustard greens, kale or collards annually.
Students attending an elementary school within the church will take on the responsibility of caring for the wall, says Marilyn Herrmann, executive director of the Surrey food bank, which serves 250 to 300 families per day.
The types of items available at a food bank at any given time fluctuate, Hatch and Herrmann said, so having a regular source of fresh salad vegetables, at least, will be helpful.
“I think people will appreciate the fact we're looking at ways to increase our donations and we're giving kids and a church an opportunity to really do something quite creative and supportive,” says Herrmann.
Sally Robinson is a clinical professor of pediatrics at UTMB Children's Hospital. This column isn't intended to replace the advice of your child's physician.
Tyler ‘@Ninja‘ Blevins says he makes $500,000 a month playing video games. pic.twitter.com/jk9fvOiNZV — CNBC (@CNBC) March 19, 2018
If there was any lesson in life that could be gleaned from The Dark Knight, it was this: if you're good at something never do it for free. Apparently, Tyler Blevins has taken that to heart and ran with it to a level no one saw coming.
The man known as “Ninja” made waves last week for streaming a game of Fortnite with Drake, Lil Yachty, and Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster. A stream that brought in a historic 621,000 concurrent viewers.
Tyler '@Ninja' Blevins says he makes $500,000 a month playing video games. pic.twitter.com/jk9fvOiNZV — CNBC (@CNBC) March 19, 2018
In an interview with CNBC, Ninja let the non-gaming world know exactly how big a deal he is, revealing that he makes nearly half a million dollars per month through Twitch streaming. The professional streamer also informed CNBC that there were some moving parts involved, like sponsorships, but credited Amazon's Prime partnership with Twitch in order to make this figure happen. Every “free” Amazon Prime subscription, which users have to give out to streamers once a month, puts $2.50 in the pocket of the streamer.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Fans may have never gotten a sequel to Rawson Marshall Thurber's 2004 cult comedy hit DodgeBall, starring Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller, so instead, here is the next best thing. In a partnership with the online charity auction organization Omaze, Vaughn and Stiller, along with their cast mates Christine Taylor and Justin Long, are reuniting for one final game — for charity, of course. Thankfully it looks like White Goodman is back in game shape after becoming morbidly obese the end of the film, whereas Peter LaFleur … seems like he's actually seen better days?
Regardless, fans can enter on Omaze's website to play on either Peter or White's respective teams in the ultimate dodgeball showdown, proceeds of which will benefit The Stiller Foundation, which supports children around the world by providing them with educational opportunities. (Probably for the best that you leave the wrenches at home, however.) The whole thing will eventually be filmed for a web exclusive video.
Previously, Omaze has worked with Lucasfilm to give a lucky Star Wars fan the full experience of the upcoming Han Solo movie with a guided set tour, and offered to have none other than Ryan Gosling to drive another fan around the Blade Runner set, just to name a few.
(left to right) Dan McGurn, 63 and his son, Preston McGurn, 10, the two will be performing together later in the month of May.
Dan McGurn, left, 63, is an accomplished Jazz trumpet player and has toured the world with some of the best Jazz players in the world. He will be performing with his son, Preston McGurn, 10, who has been playing the piano for about 4 years.
Preston McGurn, 10, has been playing the piano of about 4 years and his talent is amazing. He will be performing with his father, Dan McGurn, 63, in the month of May.
Dan McGurn, left, 63, and his son, Preston, right, 10, seen here at the Hoson House in Tustin will be performing together later this month.
Preston McGurn, 10, has been playing the piano of about 4 years and his talent is amazing. He practices about 30 minutes a day, but is talented beyond his years.
Preston McGurn, 10, left, and his father, Dan McGurn, 63, right, will be teaming up to play later this month.
IRVINE Dan McGurn blows golden tones on his trumpet while his 10-year old son, Preston, exhibits mastery over the 88 keys of his piano.
The father and son play together almost every day in their Irvine home. Their musical bond is inherent.
Jamming with his son is a reality that McGurn, 64, would have never predicted when he bolted to the West Coast from his native Boston 43 years ago to pursue his passion as a jazz musician. And he never expected he'd be living in suburbia, married to a financial adviser.
Indeed, McGurn did go on to live his dream as a jazz trumpeter.
He arrived in Los Angeles in the 1970s, during the heyday of big-band jazz. He toured with a jazz quintet and then earned a spot as a horn player for Ray Charles' backup band, performing on two world tours.
“I've never been around anybody that played at 110 percent all the time,” McGurn said of Charles. “When he sat down at the piano. It was game over. He never had a bad night … ever.”
He continued performing and composing and went on to play the trumpet with the Pacific Symphony.
In the middle of it all, McGurn got married, had a daughter, Maggie, who is now 29. He got divorced in 1995, after being married 17 years.
During his time with the Pacific Symphony, McGurn decided he'd had enough.
Enough of the grind of being a full-time musician and quite enough of the politics within the industry.
“The higher level of work I got, I really couldn't see myself doing it for another 30 years,” he said.
Without any particular goal in sight, McGurn pursued his future.
While attending an event on personal finance, he met Patricia, who was 17 years his junior. She grew up in poverty in Mexico, started out as a garment worker in Los Angeles and worked her way up to the front office as an accountant.
She found her niche in financing and went on to become a licensed financial adviser.
McGurn made two discoveries: He was drawn to financing and drawn to Patricia.
The couple married in 1998 and are in business together as financial advisers.
Preston entered the world in 2007.
Dan and Patricia suspected there was something special about their son, when, at the age of 10 months, they sat him down on the piano bench.
McGurn began playing his trumpet and Preston commenced to banging the piano keys and swaying back and forth.
At 4, Preston sat down at the piano, and without a prompt, started playing the theme from Harry Potter.
“It was no banging,” McGurn said. “He was playing the song.”
Said Preston, “I liked how it sounded and when I played it and liked that I was making that sound.”
Under the tutelage of Chizuko Asada, a 22-year music instructor at Cal State Long Beach, Preston is advancing almost too fast for his father to keep up.
Asada has plenty to say, too, describing her student as “super talented,” “creative” and “daring.”
“He has an incredible ears and senses that can distinguish the intricate chords and rhythm,” Asada said. “(He has) fast fingers. The excellent coordination at this young age is a gift.”
While his father was all about jazz, Preston's playing spans an array of genres. He's drawn to the works of Academy Award-winning composer John Williams, and plays scores from Star Wars, Indiana Jones, Harry Potter films and other Williams classics.
He plays Chopin and Mozart and is currently learning George Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue.
He adores ragtime. And yes, like his father, he likes jazz.
“I really, really totally love fast music,” said Preston, who cruises the internet for music he connects with, learns to play it and then goes to Asada for fine tuning on the piece.
“He is very specific in his taste,” his mother said.
Preston's piano instructor approached McGurn about the possibility of performing a recital with his son.
Preston, who will be in the fourth grade at Greentree Elementary School, performed with his father in front of an audience for the first time in December at the Hoson House, an intimate venue in Tustin owned by Asada.
From that duet, an even deeper cohesiveness between father and son has blossomed.
McGurn takes Preston to school every day, makes his lunch every day … and jams with him every day.
They even play a little jazz together.
“I played piano as well, but he is way better than I am,” McGurn said. “But then when we started working on some jazz things. He really took to it. He had a feel for it.”
While no date is set, McGurn is certain he'll be performing again with Preston, perhaps over the summer.
“I never dreamed or imagined that I would be doing that with my son,” McGurn said. “That we can have this kind of connection and relate at a level that is not words. It just happens spontaneously.”
Halton police are asking for the public's assistance in locating a 55-year-old Burlington man.
Arron Phillips was last seen on January 1 around 11 a.m. in the area of Hager Ave. and Ghent Ave. in Burlington.
Phillips is described as male, white, large build, grey moustache, glasses, 5'6, 200 lbs, short grey hair, wearing a red Nike t-shirt, dark hat, dark pants, dark colored coat and walking with a cane.
Police are asking anyone with information about his whereabouts to contact the Halton Regional Police Service at 905-825-4747 ext 2310.
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — A rescue ship carrying 60 migrants has arrived in a Spanish port after being refused entry by Italy and Malta, the second time in a month that a humanitarian group has been forced to travel for days to unload people rescued in the central Mediterranean.
The Open Arms ship docked Wednesday in the northeastern port of Barcelona, where the group — including 5 women, a 9-year-old toddler and four teenagers — will be going through health checks and identification procedures.
The Spanish aid group Proactiva Open Arms said the migrants come from 14 countries and are in good health.
Doctors Without Borders says more than 500 people have died in the Mediterranean since the Aquarius, another rescue ship, was blocked from ports in Italy and Malta in June.
Reno startup Filament is gearing up for high-scale production.
The startup recently closed a $15 million round of new venture financing. The capital will allow Filament to scale manufacturing and hire additional employees as the company moves their secure Internet of Things (IoT) devices for industrial customers into production.
"A lot of our company up to this point has been building out prototypes and pilots," Allison Clift-Jennings, CEO of Filament and a native northern Nevadan, said in a phone interview. "Now we are really focusing, with this round of funding, to move into production deployment."
Filament creates smart industrial infrastructure by connecting existing machinery, equipment and assets to a wireless sensor network. This technology helps companies to increase efficiency by making equipment smart and connected. Filament's devices can be used to connect industrial equipment from a variety of industries including mining, oil and gas, automotive, food and beverage, manufacturing and more.
Clift-Jennings explained that Filament's devices provide three areas of functionality for industrial machinery. First, the device can physically connect to the machine if it has a diagnostic port. Second, the technology can monitor the environment around the infrastructure. Their devices can monitor temperature, humidity, light, sound pressure level and accelerometer movement. Lastly, the devices can provide a large-scale network in areas where there is little or no cellular service or WiFi.
"We can actually build networks that have very large coverage in the middle of nowhere," she said.
Clift-Jennings co-founded the company in 2012 under the name Pinoccio. The company then produced wireless microcontrollers for do-it-yourself enthusiasts and hobbyists. It was a platform that helped people learn to build their own networks for their own home or office to create things such as a smart garden or a flood sensor for a basement.
"This was back when the term Internet of Things hadn't even been conceptualized yet," she explained. "We still called them connected devices."
When the company started to bring their products to the market, they began getting calls from research and development teams at large industrial companies who were trying to build wireless sensor networks.
They all had the same problem, Clift-Jennings said. "It is really hard to connect to old infrastructure and if we can do it we can save a bunch of money."
The company rebranded to Filament in 2015 as they pursued the industrial IoT market.
"It wasn't planned when we started Pinoccio, but like most startups, you have to adjust as you get more information," Clift-Jennings said.
Today, the company has 15 employees and is headquartered in downtown Reno with additional offices in Denver, San Francisco and St. Paul, Minn. This round of funding will allow the startup to hire additional employees in all locations starting in their Denver and Reno offices. Clift-Jennings explained that the company will be looking to hire employees for their Reno office in the areas of operations and project management as well as solutions engineering, which focuses on answering technical questions for potential customers to determine if Filament's technology is right for them. The company will also be looking to hire computer scientists, electrical engineers and firmware and systems engineers in their Denver office.
Being headquartered in Reno has proven advantageous due to its proximity to the Bay Area. While the tech culture in the Bay Area is unlike anywhere in the world, living in the Bay Area comes with a high cost of living and a high cost to hire engineering talent, she explained.
"We find that being in Reno is our secret weapon because we can still get to the Bay Area quickly … and still enjoy all the benefits of living in Reno," Clift-Jennings said."
That close proximity allowed her to be able to fly to the Bay Area once a week over the past six months to secure Filament's latest round of financing. She said that the company wouldn't have been able to raise the $15 million solely relying on Reno venture capitalists.
"Although (startup funding in Reno) is growing and it is getting better we are just not quite there yet," Clift-Jennings said.
The $15 million round of financing was led by Verizon Ventures and Bullpen Capital. New investors include Intel Capital, JetBlue Technology Ventures, CME Ventures, Flex technology accelerator program Lab IX, Backstage Capital, and Tappan Hill Ventures. Previous investors include Samsung NEXT, Resonant Venture Partners, and Digital Currency Group.
"Filament's unique technologies are on a path to unlock both operational efficiencies and the exciting possibility of extremely secure machine-to-machine communication in otherwise hard to connect areas such as oil fields, construction sites, and airfields," Bullpen Capital General Partner Duncan Davidson said in a press release. "Longer-term, we believe this will create the potential for new cost and revenue opportunities for Filament's customers."
Cattaraugus Creek flows through much of the Seneca Nation's Cattaraugus Territory, along the southern border of Erie County. It carries radiation from West Valley and the president of the Seneca Nation wants it removed.
The radiation in the Buttermilk Creek tributary comes from the former Nuclear Fuel Services plant, better known these days as the West Valley Demonstration Project. That federal effort is supposed to clean up the heavily radioactive waste in the closed re-processing center, which it is doing slowly as money comes in.
It is not dealing with a lot of buried radioactive waste around the actual facility. Seneca President Todd Gates said determining what to do has gone on way too long.
"I've been on the Citizens Task Force for about 20 years, officially, and been involved even longer, but my concern is right now, we're going through a Record of Decision where they're looking at or doing probability assessments on and what they really are is leaving that stuff in place," Gates said.
Gates said he wants it gone, even if it means shifting it to somewhere else.
"We want it out of there," he said. "Everyone talks about cancer, but there are other things. There are thyroid problems. There's arthritis. I have arthritis. I have an artificial hip. Those are the side effects of long-term exposure to low-levels of radiation, which is there. They've identified hot spots along the watershed area."
He said American Indians have paid an exorbitant price for the nuclear age because so many reservations house nuclear waste or even radioactive waste from uranium mining and that is not fair.
It will not be cheap and it will not be simple, Gates said, but it has to be done on Indian land across the United States, not just on Seneca land. Gates said he is in Washington a lot on that issue.
"I go to Washington to fight for our Cattaraugus Creek watershed area that affects more than just us," he said. "There are other places out there that are more endangered than us, but we still have to fight for what's ours here in Western New York. There are other places out in Washington State, New Mexico, Savannah River, all these places and it's a little more contamination than we have."
Gates said that radiation will be a human health problem for thousands of years and it is time for a start in digging it all up and finding a new and controlled home.
Niagara received its first snowfall of the season Monday just in time for the afternoon drive home, as shown in this photo taken in downtown St. Catharines. Weather Network is forecasting colder temperatures this week, but the thermometer should climb above freezing for the weekend. Winter doesn't officially arrive until December 21st.
On Wednesday at 5:00 AM, Egged buses will strike in the Jerusalem.
The strike is to last for the duration of the day.
The Israel Defense Forces and the Shin Bet Israel Security Agency have arrested Sheikh Bassem Al-Sa'adi, a leader of Islamic Jihad in Judea and Samaria.
Al Sa'adi was arrested as part of the security establishment's preparations for the Passover holiday, which is expected to be tense against a new wave of terror which the Arabs are blaming on the United States declaration of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
If you are driving on the mainland this morning be aware of a severe weather warning for ice in Hampshire, Oxfordshire, West Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, Reading, Southampton, Windsor and Maidenhead, Wokingham, Bracknell Forest, Slough, Surrey, West Sussex, Greater London, Milton Keynes, Kent, Medway & Portsmouth.
Valid between until 11am this morning (Monday), the warning reads:
Ice is expected to form on some surfaces Sunday night and into Monday morning. Some injuries are possible from slips and falls on icy surfaces and there will probably be some icy patches on untreated roads and cycle paths. On Monday morning some snow may fall over parts of Kent, Sussex, Surrey and Hampshire. Some accumulations of 2-5 cm are possible above ~ 100 m but at lower levels no accumulations are expected, instead a mixture of rain and sleet is most likely. Some roads and railways are likely to be affected with longer and more difficult journeys.
Image: harwood-images under CC BY 2.0
NETFLIX
Netflix knows all your secrets.
All your secrets that involve watching Parks and Recreation for the fifth time this year, at least. The streaming service might not release viewership numbers to the public (although Nielsen is trying to figure it out), but every so often, they'll give a hint as to who's watching, and how much. We know, for instance, that Gilmore Girls: A Year In the Life, Fuller House, Marvel's The Defenders, The Seven Deadly Sins, and The Ranch are the most binge-raced shows, and that there are 53 people who love A Christmas Prince more than anyone should.
To the 53 people who've watched A Christmas Prince every day for the past 18 days: Who hurt you? — Netflix US (@netflix) December 11, 2017
“To the 53 people who've watched A Christmas Prince every day for the past 18 days,” the tweet reads, “who hurt you?” A Christmas Prince, for all you Grinches out there, is a Netflix original movie with Hallmark-level quality about a reporter (iZombie‘s Rose McIver) who goes undercover, yadda yadda yadda, there's a hot prince, etc. It's not a Christmas movie that, unlike The Muppet Christmas Carol, should be seen more than once (if it all). When writer Amanda Bell asked Netflix why they were calling out people for their viewing habits, no matter how unusual, they replied, “I just want to make sure you're okay.”
I just want to make sure you're okay — Netflix US (@netflix) December 11, 2017
If you do want to watch the same Christmas movie every day for nearly three weeks, we have some better ideas.
HUNTINGTON BEACH — Nick Welch wasn't going to let Fountain Valley fall in its Sunset League opener Friday night, no matter what it took.
The senior quarterback talked Coach Jimmy Nolan into inserting him at linebacker, the better to stop Marina's momentum, then rallied the Barons to three fourth-quarter touchdowns to pull out a 35-21 triumph at Huntington Beach High.
Welch ran for 60 yards and two scores, including the tying touchdown early in the final quarter, and completed 14 of 26 passes for 278 yards and a 55-yard TD pass to Brandon Krause to send the Barons (5-1), ranked 10th in CIF-SS Division 5, ahead with 4:18 to go.
Nick Welch threw for 278 yards and TD, ran for 60 and 2 TDs to lead Fountain Valley past Marina, 35-21. @ocvarsity pic.twitter.com/EzLiReNBoH — Scott French (@ScottJFrench) October 7, 2017
His end-zone interception with just 28 seconds to play wrapped up a victory made difficult by 102 yards in penalties — four of them erasing big gains, including Ben Vallier's 37-yard TD run just before Welch's score — a Welch fumble that handed Marina (3-3), which leaves the Sunset League after 54 years next season for the Golden West League, a short field for its second TD, and interceptions at the Vikings 6 and in the end zone.
“I like the fact that Nick bounced back,” Nolan said. “He didn't hang his head. And he was one of the only guys who stood up and spoke during halftime, said, ‘We got this guys. It's not Marina beating us, it's ourselves.' I said, ‘Amen, thank you, Nick.' ”
Fountain Valley used big plays to open a 13-0 first-quarter lead — Krause's fingertips grab at the 5 for a 27-yard gain on fourth-and-20 setting up Vallier's 5-yard TD run, and a 43-yard screen pass to Vallier two plays before Welch's first TD run — then watched Marina take charge with three second-quarter scores.
The Vikings, ranked sixth in Division 12, used a 21-play, 80-yard, 10-minute drive with three fourth-down conversions to get on the board, with Blaine Riederich going the final 5 yards, and then Nathan O'Rourke collected Welch's fumble at the Fountain Valley 18. Marina was ahead four plays later, with Ian Green connecting with Cade Palma on a 4-yard pass, then made it 21-13 on a 95-yard Green-to-Palma pass play — Palma racing 90 yards after the reception — after Brandon Savea picked off Welch with 1:27 left in the first half.
Welch went in at linebacker midway through the third quarter and repeatedly made big tackles. His 9-yard run – and his run on the two-point conversion – pulled the Barons even, and he found Krause, who made eight receptions for 139 yards, wide open on the right sideline for the go-ahead score on their next drive.
Vallier added a TD run two minutes later, after Marina turned the ball over on downs at its 17.
“We were really sloppy tonight,” said Welch, who completed 7 of 9 passes for 149 yards in the second half. “We got the ‘W,' but it almost doesn't feel like it, because we played real sloppy, and I thought we could have done a lot better. But we came out of here with a ‘W.' ”
Palma caught seven passes for 143 yards for Marina, which ended a 60-game Sunset League losing streak with a 35-7 rout of Fountain Valley in its final game last year.
Drummond Road, between Crawford Street and Sheldon Avenue, has been temporarily closed as the city repairs a watermain break in the area.
City hall advises water may be slightly discoloured and off taste after the interruption, but should disappear shortly after resuming use of the water. Running the cold water tap only should help resolve the problem.
For more information, call the Niagara Falls Service Centre at 905-356-1355.
Reality TV star Kourtney Kardashian arrived on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C., Tuesday morning to make a push for safer personal care products.
Kardashian is holding meetings with lawmakers, aides and reporters on Tuesday to express her support for legislation that would give the U.S. Food and Drug Administration the power to investigate and prevent the sales of dangerous cosmetics. The proposed legislation is expected to suggest that facilities be registered to the FDA and could be subject to suspension if they distribute such harmful personal care products.
J. Scott Applewhite/AP
Kardashian's interest in promoting safer, nontoxic cosmetics grew after the birth of her first child in 2009, she told Capitol Hill reporters Tuesday morning.
"It all kind of snowballed," she described. Research prompted by her mother's friends led her to the Environmental Working Group, whose representatives have accompanied Kardashian during much of her visit to Washington.
"It would be nice if we didn't have to guess as much," she said. "If there were regulations to know that the products that we're using are safe."
Following a morning press event with the Environmental Working Group, the "Keeping Up With the Kardashians" co-star was set to hold a closed briefing with Congressional aides at 4 p.m.
Lawmakers including Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, Rep. Frank Pallone, D-N.J. and Rep. Leonard Lance, R-N.J. banged the cosmetics safety drum during the last Congress, but the bills never reached a vote.
A congressional aide told ABC News House and Senate bills are being worked on, but the timeline is unclear.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Shonda Rhimes, the creator of popular television series such as “Scandal” and “Grey's Anatomy,” has signed a deal to make new shows for Netflix.
The streaming service announced late Sunday that Rhimes' Shondaland production company is moving to Netflix. Netflix wrote in a news release that Rhimes' shows “Grey's Anatomy,” ″Scandal” and “How to Get Away With Murder” would continue to air on ABC.
Rhimes wrote in a statement that she was grateful to the network for giving her career a start, but she was looking forward to expanding her audience and “creative identity” with Netflix. “Starting today, we are thrilled to begin creating new Shondaland stories with Netflix,” she wrote.
She wrote that she and Netflix Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos had developed a plan for the next phase of Rhimes' career. She said Netflix offered her and her team “limitless possibilities.”
“I've gotten the chance to know Shonda and she's a true Netflixer at heart — she loves TV and films, she cares passionately about her work, and she delivers for her audience,” Sarandos wrote.
No financial terms of the deal were disclosed. The news release also didn't state how long Rhimes and her company would produce series for Netflix.
Rhimes, 47, has been nominated for three Emmy Awards, all for her work on “Grey's Anatomy.” The long-running series begins its 14th season next month.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
House Speaker Paul Ryan said Tuesday that he supports the ouster of President Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn.
“You cannot have a national security adviser misleading the vice president and others,” Ryan told reporters at a weekly press briefing on Capitol Hill. “So I think the president was right to ask for his resignation.”
The comments followed a report that Flynn had discussed easing American sanctions imposed on Moscow in the wake of Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election — and had misled the administration about his conversations with Moscow.
Ryan said he would leave it up to the White House to discuss “the circumstances that led” to Flynn's ouster, but “the key is this: As soon as the person lost the president's trust, the president asked for his resignation, and that was the right thing to do.”
Related: Timeline: The rise and fall of Michael Flynn
Ryan's comments seemed to contradict the Trump administration's initial version of events. The White House announced that Flynn resigned late Monday, hours after Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway insisted Flynn enjoyed “the full confidence of the president.”
On NBC's “Today” show Monday morning, Conway said Flynn “decided it was best to resign” because he realized “he had become a lightning rod, and he made that decision.”
But at his daily press briefing Tuesday afternoon, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said that Trump indeed asked for Flynn's resignation.
In his resignation letter, Flynn claimed that “because of the fast pace of events,” he “inadvertently” briefed Vice President Mike Pence and others “with incomplete information” regarding his phone calls with the Russian ambassador.
“I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President, and they have accepted my apology,” Flynn wrote. “I am tendering my resignation, honored to have served our nation and the American people in such a distinguished way. I am also extremely honored to have served President Trump, who in just three weeks, has reoriented American foreign policy in fundamental ways to restore America's leadership position in the world.”
Ryan was also asked about reports that Trump and his aides were preparing a response to North Korea's missile test in full view of guests at Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Fla., on Saturday night. The scene raised eyebrows among former White House security officials.
“Talking about foreign policy at the dinner table is perfectly appropriate,” Ryan said.
More from Yahoo News:
About 1.2 billion children face severe risks from conflict, poverty or sexual discrimination, said Save the Children rights organization in a report published on Wednesday.
The main threats to childhood are child labor, exclusion from education, early pregnancy and child marriage, with conflict often inflating the risks.
"Around the world, conflict denies children of theirs rights to health, education, protection and freedom from fear, leading to a sudden end of childhood," the organization said.
"Child marriage, child labor and malnutrition are just a few of the alarming living conditions that can deprive children of their childhood," said Susanna Krüger, managing director Save the Children in Germany.
Childhood under threat
According to the report, many of the worst-ranked countries were located in central and western Africa. Niger ranked at the bottom of the list, with Mali and the Central African Republic not far behind.
"Children in these countries are the least likely to fully experience childhood," the report said. "In these and many other countries around the world, children are robbed of significant portions of their childhoods."
Read more: Not just for the boys! Women and girls embrace science in Kenya
At the opposite end of the list, Singapore and Slovenia shared the top spot. Germany ranked 12 globally, while the US came in 36 and Russia right behind it at 37.
"Seven other Western European countries also rank in the top 10, attaining very high scores for children's health, education and protection status," the report said.
Out of the 175 countries ranked in the study, 95 of them showed improvement in one of the risk areas. Meanwhile, in 20 countries, children are exposed to all three threats.
'Leave no one behind'
The report recommended the international community take steps and use the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) framework as a way to secure childhood across the globe.
"We call on world leaders to value children and their right to survive, thrive and be protected by following through on the commitments made under the SDGs, and by taking immediate steps to implement the pledge to leave no one behind," Save the Children said.
"In addition to these cross-cutting global guarantees, specific actions are needed to address poverty, conflict and gender, with a focus on girls and children who are refugees."
Read more: Why many Indians prefer sons over daughters
ls/rc (AFP, dpa)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
NEW YORK (AP) — The Federal Communications Commission says human error and inadequate safeguards are to blame for a missile alert that was sent mistakenly in Hawaii.
The FCC said Tuesday that the individual who sent the false alert refused to talk to the agency, but provided a written statement. The FCC says Hawaii has been testing alert capabilities, and he mistook a drill for a real warning about a missile threat. He responded by sending the alert. There was no sign-off from a supervisor.
The alert was sent to cellphones, TV and radio stations in Hawaii earlier this month, resulting in panic among Hawaiians.
The FCC says that once the false alert was sent, it took 38 minutes to correct it because Hawaii did not have a standardized system for sending such corrections.
Rabbit rescue organizations are preparing for an influx of surrendered and stray bunnies as Easter weekend comes to an end.
Kaylie Ngo, president of London, Ont.,-based Hoppy Hearts, said the peak season for her rescue starts in June and July — and much of the volume stems from bunnies that were hastily purchased as Easter gifts for kids.
Bunnies are usually given as gifts when they're about eight weeks old, Ngo said. But after a few months, their personalities start to shift.
“They start becoming very hormonal and active little teenagers that like to poop and pee and start destroying things,” she said.
The executive director of Rabbit Rescue Inc. in Cambridge, Ont., said oftentimes, parents who buy the animals for their kids don't understand what they're getting into.
“They're really similar to cats and dogs, not like hamsters and gerbils,” Haviva Porter-Lush said. They can't be kept in a small cage, for instance. Porter-Lush recommends keeping them in a pen or a dedicated room to themselves.
And they're also more like cats and dogs in terms of cost than many people realize, she added.
“When people see them in the store for $30 or $40, they don't realize that, say, 'in five or six months time, I'm going to need to spend $300 to $700 getting my rabbit spayed.”'
Ngo said that sometimes, a lack of veterinary care can be an issue for rabbit owners.
“Despite being the third most popular pet in North America, they are still considered an exotic pet by many veterinarians, and it can be really, really hard to find a good veterinarian to care for the rabbit,” she said.
Both Hoppy Hearts and Rabbit Rescue Inc. send rabbits that are up for adoption to foster homes — neither organization has a dedicated shelter space.
“It's hard, because it's a busy time of year and we get full very quickly,” said Porter-Lush, adding that they're limited by the number of people who have agreed to act as foster families.
In fact, Ngo said her rescue has become so busy that it's had to stop accepting owner-surrendered bunnies. Right now, she said, Hoppy Hearts is only taking in rabbits that have been abandoned outside.
“Even if only temporarily, being put outside is a death sentence,” she said.
So when they get the call about a domestic rabbit that someone has spotted outside, they act fast. Ngo said that at least two people will go out to the scene and try to corral the rabbit into a pen.
Then, they scan the bunny for immediate health concerns: dental issues, parasites and injuries. If it's all clear, they go ahead and get the bunny spayed or neutered as quickly as possible.
Both Ngo and Porter-Lush recommend fostering a rabbit before eventually adopting one — it's less commitment, and gives people a chance to see whether a rabbit is a good fit for their household.
A Wearside bus driver is to embark on his latest charity challenge as he bids to raise much-needed cash for his beloved church.
Stagecoach North East employee Alan Beck, 63, from Washington, will take on a coast-to-coast walk over seven days and 100 miles next weekend.
Alan Beck plans his charity walk.
Alan, who was born only yards away from Holy Trinity Church in South Hetton, will be setting off on Sunday from Bowness-on-Solway to help raise funds for the venue's damaged roof.
Alan, who has worked at the depot in Sunderland for the past 37 years, has planned his own route and accommodation for the week-long trek, finishing in Seaburn on Sunday, August 26, where his family will meet him.
Not content with walking over 100 miles from West to East, Alan plans to recover for one day and then walk from Seaburn to his much loved church in South Hetton, joined by his family and friends as he walks through the villages for his final collection.
The roof at Holy Trinity Church is in desperate need of repair due to extremely bad weather, so £50,000 must be found for restoration work and long term repairs.
Over £14,000 has been raised so far, with Alan contributing a whopping £9,000 when he completed a tandem parachute jump in October 2015.
Speaking about his latest fund-raiser, Alan said: “I first had the idea early in 2016 - and wanted to something different to help raise more funds for the roof restoration - but realised it was too soon after the parachute jump so I put it on hold until this year.
“It has taken some preparation, especially around my job and duties as a church warden, with three or four trips to Bowness-on-Solway for accommodation and route planning.
“Originally I was planning to do a joint expedition with the vicar for the church but unfortunately he has had to pull out due to ill health, so I will be mostly travelling on my own.
“However, I am looking forward to meeting people along the way and I have had some great support from the B&Bs that I will be staying at en route.”
Alan has kindly been offered a private donation of £500 to cover his accommodation but will be providing his own food and travel expenses.
During the walk, Alan plans to listen to his favourite bands, including Beatles and Queen, and is looking forward to growing a beard while away, as back at home his wife prefers him clean shaven.
He added: “For me, the most difficult stage will be the fourth day where I walk from Alston to Cowshill, as it is very hilly, and I even have the lady owner of the B&B looking out for me.
“I see this as a personal journey for myself as well as raising money and I don't think it has ever been done before so I am now just hoping for nice weather along the way.”
Laura Smith, operations manager for Stagecoach North East's Sunderland depot, said: “We are tremendously proud of Alan and wish him the very best on his walking challenge.”
In offices, the gadget could be a source of new jobs, Mr. Sekar says. “You're going to get fresh food in, and you're actually creating jobs for people who refill the canisters in these offices,” he said.
Nonetheless, robot-induced unemployment is a mounting concern. Bill Gates recently made a case for taxing companies that own robots, which could delay their implementation and provide some money to retrain people whose jobs are lost. The San Francisco board of supervisors is considering a so-called robot tax.
“We could be looking at over 50 percent of jobs disappearing in the United States over the next 10 to 15 years,” said Jane Kim, a San Francisco supervisor. “And it's not jobs going abroad, or offshoring of jobs. It's robots.”
There is evidence that automation can have a devastating effect on employment. Commercial robots have already begun to eliminate jobs, according to an M.I.T.-Boston University study published in March. Researchers analyzed the effects of industrial robots on local labor markets in the United States from 1990 to 2007, and estimated that adding one robot per 1,000 workers has led to unemployment for up to six workers and has caused a decrease in wages by up to 0.50 percent.
Some unions are discussing their own strategies for contending with a robot-clogged future. “It's something our union and many unions are still studying,” said Ian Lewis, research director for Unite Here Local 2, a union that represents hotel, food service, restaurant and laundry workers in San Francisco and San Mateo, Calif. “We're absolutely concerned and trying to grapple with it.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Whatever their effect on employment, new robots are on the way. Mr. Sekar, an inventor with a doctorate in electronics and computer engineering, said he came up with the idea of building a kitchen robot while working as director of engineering for a semiconductor company. Although he loved cooking at home, he said he craved a way of reducing the work involved.
“I was spending 90 percent of my time doing something sadly repetitive, like chopping ingredients or stirring,” Mr. Sekar said. He wanted to automate those tasks, much as vacuuming can be delegated to Roomba, iRobot's robotic vacuum. Soon, he switched his focus to food-service robots for restaurants and offices.
Mr. Sekar said his robot has the potential to save money for small businesses that install it in office kitchens alongside appliances like coffee machines. Walking a couple of minutes within a building to a salad-tossing robot instead of venturing outside for lunch would mean shorter work breaks and increased productivity, he said. He calls Sally “the smallest and most affordable cafeteria an office can have.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The robot is being tested in the office of the Redwood City, Calif., technology incubator GSVlabs and at Calafia Café and Market A Go-Go, a restaurant in Palo Alto, Calif., with an attached market owned by Charlie Ayers, who is the Chowbotics executive chef.
This fall, Chowbotics will begin fulfilling orders for 10 robots, priced at $30,000 each, Mr. Sekar said. He envisions his robots producing healthy meals in convenience stores, airports, hotels, hospitals and universities. “You're seeing the momentum of Silicon Valley behind it,” Mr. Sekar said. So far, Chowbotics has raised $6.3 million in venture funding from various investors.
For recipes, Mr. Sekar turned to Mr. Ayers, the former head chef of Google who also has cooked for members of the Grateful Dead. “There's a lot of passion in what I do create flavors that will come out of the machines,” Mr. Ayers said. For instance, he said he has devised a menu for an office robot that can serve salads with South Asian ingredients.
Still, Mr. Ayers says other chefs have criticized him. “Many of my colleagues in the industry are like, ‘What are you doing to us? You're going to the machines?'” said Mr. Ayers.
He responds that he is helping to create jobs because these robots will always need to be filled, maintained and cleaned by people. “There are going to be logistics companies, cleaning companies, service companies, robot repair companies,” Mr. Ayers said. “Human interaction with Sally is not going away.”
If Chowbotics succeeds with salads, Mr. Sekar hopes to expand to other cuisines and admits that human workers could then be displaced. “We're going to go after other types of food,” he said. “It's hard to tell what will happen in the future and how this all might impact jobs.”
10:43 Reported News Briefs Kislev 24, 5778 , 12/12/17 Kislev 24, 5778 , 12/12/17 Hesder Yeshivas: Rabbi Shteinman was a paragon for many The Hesder Yeshiva Association mourned the passing of Rabbi Aharon Leib Shteinman. The association stated that "Rabbi Shteinman, a remnant of a towering generation, disseminated Torah in Israel and was a paragon for many in his assiduousness and devotion to Torah. May G-d console his many disciples and followers. May his memory be blessed." ► ◄ Last Briefs
(AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File). FILE - In this March 6, 2018, photo a home across the street from the Apple campus is advertised as sold in Sunnyvale, Calif. On Tuesday, April 24, the Standard & Poor's/Case-Shiller 20-city home price index fo...
By CHRISTOPHER RUGABER
AP Economics Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) - U.S. home prices jumped in February as buyers compete fiercely over a dwindling number of properties for sale.
The S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller national home price index released Tuesday jumped 6.3 percent in February from a year earlier, matching December's increase. That jump was the largest in nearly three years.
Steady job gains and rising numbers of millennials moving out on their own has intensified the competition for homes. February's price gain far outpaces average increases in wages or inflation.
Americans are becoming reluctant to sell their homes as mortgage rates rise, preferring to renovate instead. Others are holding onto their homes because they see few other options available. That's kept supply tight: The number of homes for sale fell 7.2 percent in March from a year earlier to just 1.67 million.
Sales of existing homes ticked up in March but actually declined slightly from a year earlier as the housing shortage constrained sales.
Homebuyers are getting increasingly aggressive, snapping up homes an average of 30 days after they are listed in March, down from 34 days a year earlier.
"Competition is fierce, offer windows are short and tensions will inevitably run high for many buyers as the spring shopping season unfolds," Svenja Gudell, chief economist at real estate data website Zillow, said.
There are signs that the supply crunch could ease later this year, as listings have picked up in recent months, only to be quickly sold. And developers are breaking ground on more homes, lifting single-family home construction 5.2 percent in March compared with a year earlier.
Seattle, Las Vegas and San Francisco remain the nation's top real estate hot spots, with home prices jumping 12.7 percent in Seattle, 11.6 percent in Las Vegas and 10.1 percent in San Francisco.
Strong job gains in some cities, which hint at an influx of new residents, are pushing up home prices, Standard & Poor's said. Seattle reported the biggest increase in employment, and had the largest home price gain. Chicago ranked 19th out of the 20 cities tracked in both home price increases and employment. Cleveland came in at 18th place in home prices and 20th in employment.
But in San Francisco and Los Angeles, home prices are rising much faster than their job gains would suggest, a sign that regulatory limits on homebuilding and limited land availability are pushing prices eve higher.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Abhishek Bachchan is also believed to be the highest-paid actors in India. The superstar has always amused us with his charm and acting skills. He has been critically acclaimed and loved by the audience for his witty personality. Scroll down to get a glimpse of your favourite actor Abhishek Bachchan as we have curated few of his hot, sexy, and most handsome Instagram photos.
Abhishek Bachchan straightens his gaze to allure us
Abhishek Bachchan is one of the leading actors of Bollywood who has a million fans worldwide. The celeb made his screen debut with the 2000 War film, Refugee and is one of the most popular celebrities in tinsel town. The hot diva is also believed to be the highest-paid actors in India. The superstar has always amused us with his charm and acting skills. Abhishek Bachchan has been critically acclaimed and loved by the audience for his witty personality. Some of the star's best performances include Guru, Dhoom, Dhoom 2, Dostana, Bol Bachchan, Yuva, Happy New Year, Bunty Aur Babli.
Abhishek Bachchan is also popular for noble cause as he promotes awareness of drug abuse in India as part of a citizen education campaign. The dashing actor who will turn 42 on February 5 is reported to flown out of Mumbai with his wife and daughter to celebrate his birthday. Before moving to Bollywood the actor attended Boston University. Scroll down to get a glimpse of your favourite actor Abhishek Bachchan as we have curated few of his hot, sexy, and most handsome Instagram photos.
Abhishek Bachchan is no doubt, the most striking actor of tinsel town
Abhishek Bachchan in white is too hot to handle
Abhishek Bachchan in black looks amazingly hot
Abhishek Bachchan stuns us with his striking personality
Abhishek Bachchan looks dashing as he pairs his outfit with a black sleek tie
Abhishek Bachchan has got a million reasons to stun us
Abhishek Bachchan mesmerises us with his look
Abhishek Bachchan in a pair of shades steals our breathe away
Abhishek Bachchan poses smartly for the camera
Abhishek Bachchan in bright colour dazzles in the crowd
#NBA #basketball #AllStarWeekend #GonnaGetSchooled A post shared by Abhishek Bachchan (@bachchan) on Feb 7, 2015 at 9:47am PST
Get up. Get going. #MusicIsTheAnswer A post shared by Abhishek Bachchan (@bachchan) on Mar 27, 2015 at 6:39pm PDT
A post shared by Abhishek Bachchan (@bachchan) on Sep 6, 2014 at 4:16am PDT
#finals #champions #jaipurPinkPanthers #wifey A post shared by Abhishek Bachchan (@bachchan) on Sep 2, 2014 at 2:47pm PDT
My pride and joy. A post shared by Abhishek Bachchan (@bachchan) on Jan 8, 2018 at 3:23am PST
#aboutlastnight @nba @nbaindia A post shared by Abhishek Bachchan (@bachchan) on Jul 28, 2017 at 8:03am PDT
@dabbooratnani #dabbooratnanicalendar2017 A post shared by Abhishek Bachchan (@bachchan) on Jan 14, 2017 at 11:01am PST
Sometimes you just gotta stand alone! A post shared by Abhishek Bachchan (@bachchan) on Jul 25, 2016 at 11:26pm PDT
1 day to go. #HouseFull3 A post shared by Abhishek Bachchan (@bachchan) on Jun 2, 2016 at 1:09am PDT
Transcript for Partially blind and deaf dog rescues lost girl
And and yeah. In new. I. I'm my name. Basically Iraq.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Interest Successfully Added
We'll notify you here with news about AlertTag
Turn on desktop notifications for breaking stories about interest?
Warmth Sticks Around Along With Slight Chances For Showers
by Elissia Wilson
Rest of Today: A slight chance for a stray shower or thunderstorm otherwise mostly sunny with highs in mid to upper 80s.
Tonight: Partly cloudy with lows in the lower 60s.
Tuesday: A slight chance for an isolated shower or thunderstorm in the afternoon otherwise partly cloudy with highs in the mid to upper 80s.
Wednesday: Mostly sunny with highs in the upper 80s.
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--E*TRADE Financial Corporation (NASDAQ: ETFC) today announced results from the most recent wave of StreetWise, the E*TRADE quarterly tracking study of experienced investors. Results reveal a pronounced divide between generations when it comes to how respondents perceive the financial knowledge of recent grads:
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006374/en/
88 percent of surveyed investors overall do not believe recent grads are very knowledgeable about saving and investing for retirement. 67 percent of Millennials do not believe recent grads are very knowledgeable. But when it comes to Baby Boomers, the number jumps to 99 percent.
Despite these perceptions, the data suggest that younger generations are in fact focused on investing for retirement:
The top two pieces of financial advice from Millennials to recent grads are: Take advantage of a 401(k), and start a portfolio. Millennials are the only generation most likely to give the gift of a financial account to a recent grad—Gen Xers and Boomers prioritize cash as gifts.
“It's understandable that retirement would not be top of mind for graduates from during their college years,” commented Mike Loewengart, VP of Investment Strategy at E*TRADE Financial. “But as they enter the workforce, now is a great time to take that all-important first step in retirement investing, and ignite the immense power of compound interest, which is in their favor considering their time horizon. Starting to sock away even a small percentage of their paycheck now can pay serious dividends down the road.”
Mr. Loewengart provided some additional considerations for recent graduates as they enter the workforce:
Employer matches carry a serious punch. The 401(k) contribution match that many employers offer is as close to free money as one will ever come in the investing world. It is probably the easiest way to seriously kick-start long-term investing. If one already gets a match, it may be worth ramping up contributions—even just a small amount. Some investing plans are automated. Avoid emotional investing pitfalls—like trying to time the market—by putting an investing and savings plan on autopilot. Automatic investing is based on the strategy of dollar-cost averaging, in which an investor commits a fixed dollar amount to a particular investment at regularly scheduled intervals. It's a time-tested strategy that helps reduce risk by taking advantage of the natural ups and downs of the market. It's more about the individual than it is about day-to-day market moves. Financial markets can get a little crazy from time to time. That's why it's so important to maintain a long-term point of view, defined by one's unique goals, risk tolerance, and time horizon. Doing so can help prevent one from making sudden, ill-advised moves and allow for participation in the market's long-term returns.
E*TRADE aims to enhance the financial independence of traders and investors through a powerful digital offering and professional guidance. To learn more about E*TRADE's trading and investing platforms and tools, visit etrade.com.
For useful trading and investing insights from E*TRADE, follow the company on Twitter, @ETRADE.
About the Survey
This wave of the survey was conducted from April 1 to April 11 of 2018 among an online US sample of 947 self-directed active investors who manage at least $10,000 in an online brokerage account. The survey has a margin of error of ±3.18 percent at the 95 percent confidence level. It was fielded and administered by Research Now. The panel is broken into thirds of active (trade more than once a week), swing (trade less than once a week but more than once a month), and passive (trade less than once a month). The panel is 64 percent male and 36 percent female, with an even distribution across online brokerages, geographic regions, and age bands.
“Millennial” defined as age 25–34 // “Gen X” defined as age 35–54 // “Baby Boomer” defined as age 55+
About E*TRADE Financial and Important Notices
E*TRADE Financial and its subsidiaries provide financial services including brokerage and banking products and services to retail customers. Securities products and services are offered by E*TRADE Securities LLC (Member FINRA/SIPC). Commodity futures and options on futures products and services are offered by E*TRADE Futures LLC (Member NFA). Managed Account Solutions are offered through E*TRADE Capital Management, LLC, a Registered Investment Adviser. Bank products and services are offered by E*TRADE Bank, and RIA custody solutions are offered by E*TRADE Savings Bank, both of which are federal savings banks (Members FDIC). More information is available at www.etrade.com.
Automatic Investment Plans and dollar-cost averaging do not ensure a profit or protect against a loss in declining markets. Investors should consider their financial ability to continue their purchases through periods of low price levels.
The information provided herein is for general informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
E*TRADE Financial, E*TRADE, and the E*TRADE logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of E*TRADE Financial Corporation. ETFC-G
© 2018 E*TRADE Financial Corporation. All rights reserved.
E*TRADE Financial Corporation and Research Now are separate companies that are not affiliated. E*TRADE Financial Corporation engages Research Now to program, field, and tabulate the study. Research Now Group, Inc. provides digital research data and has locations in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East and Asia-Pacific. For more information, please go to www.researchnow.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006374/en/
CONTACT: E*TRADE Media Relations
646-521-4418
mediainq@etrade.com
or
E*TRADE Investor Relations
646-521-4406
IR@etrade.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA NEW YORK
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: PROFESSIONAL SERVICES BANKING CONSULTING FINANCE
SOURCE: E*TRADE Financial Corporation
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 04:05 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 04:05 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006374/en
He was preceded in death by his parents, Harry and Virginia Kirkendoll; and four brothers James, Harry, Roger and Walter Kirkendoll.
Survivors include his son, Don Daniel Kirkendoll; brother, Charles Kirkendoll; sister, Frances Kirkendoll; sisters-in-law, Franceola Kirkendoll, Lois Kirkendoll; grandchildren; a host of nieces and nephews; and special friends, Garland Nunley, Jimmy Gibson and Jimmy Hobbs.
Neuble Monument Funeral Home at 1330 Bluebird Road is in charge of arrangements, 615-444-3117.
With The Lebanon Democrat's new obituary email newsletter, you can stay up to date and have the latest obituary notices sent directly to your inbox as they are published. Click here to sign up today.
The traditional scarf picture was delayed as Jack Ross was still on holiday, his future quickly resolved once Sunderland made a firm and decisive move for his services.
It was little surprise that following Shrewsbury's defeat in the League One play-off final on Sunday, Ipswich moved quickly for Paul Hurst.
Jack Ross
As Chris Wilder dropped out of contention by signing a new contract at Sheffield United, and Frank Lampard fell off Ipswich's radar, it became clear that Ross and Hurst were the two favoured by both clubs.
Only Marcus Evans knows whether Hurst was his first choice all along, or whether he was largely gazumped by Sunderland's swift move.
Either way, in Hurst they look to have made a fine appointment, a manager who has worked his way up from the bottom, upsetting the odds at every turn and building sides renowned for their fitness and resilience.
Sunderland were strong admirers themselves, but once Donald spoke to Ross his mind was made up.
Jack Ross
High-tempo football, trust in youth, a real drive to manage Sunderland and an excellent communicator. When it came to Donald's key criteria, Ross was a resounding match.
While Ross remains unproven south of the border, it is an exciting appointment and the 41-year-old will be itching to get started.
It is truly an extraordinary opportunity for a manager of his experience.
Sunderland has come to be seen as something of a graveyard for managerial talent in recent years but Stewart Donald's takeover offers Ross a genuine opportunity to change the record.
On countless occasions under Ellis Short, there was a lingering feeling of ‘right man, wrong time'.
Martin O'Neill came to manage his boyhood club but after an electrifying start, badly lost momentum.
Chris Coleman had so many of the attributes supporters want in their manager but found himself unable to overcome the dire limitations that came with the end of the Short era.
All made mistakes, but all were faced with a daunting legacy left by mismanagement above.
Ross will face significant challenges but he will also get something most managers crave, if not a blank canvas then something as close to it as you could find.
He will be handed autonomy over transfers, a reasonable budget and a squad to build essentially from scratch.
A top class academy should help him build the energetic side he wants to make his trademark as a boss.
Donald's rapid work in overhauling the club's management structure also means for the first time in quite some time, the manager has real clarity about the club's future.
Fan morale is high on the back of the new regime's arrival and so it is little wonder that the job is such an appealing one to the former St Mirren boss.
The chances of success seem far stronger than when, for example, Derek McInnes surveyed the scene last summer and clearly decided he was on a hiding to nothing.
There are serious challenges, of course.
Tactically he will have to adapt to a new league, though Sunderland feel the move from the Scottish Championship to League One is, if not straightforward, then certainly surmountable.
Recruitment will define whether Sunderland can bounce straight back next season, and the departures of Neale McDermott and Jimmy Sinclair leave Ross starting largely from scratch.
He will by and large prefer it that way, standing or falling on his own decisions, but it leaves a lot of work to do in a short amount of time. He cannot afford many misses.
Finally, he will hace to face the last remnants of Sunderland's Premier League errors, with a number of big-earners still in the squad.
If they can't be moved on they will pose a major test of Ross' man-management skills.
Stephen McGinn, his captain at St Mirren, said he would be in for some ‘testers', but backed him to come through.
It will be a whirlwind start to his time in charge and Ross will know that a club of this size cannot afford a slow start to life in League One.
He will feel, nevertheless, that he has good reasons to be optimistic.
Interest Successfully Added
We'll notify you here with news about AlertTag
Turn on desktop notifications for breaking stories about interest?
He armed his diverse followers with a list of 198 of what he called “nonviolent weapons” of protest and noncooperation to disrupt or even paralyze oppressive authorities.
“In South America, they're not tweeting Che Guevara; they're tweeting Gene Sharp,” said the Scottish journalist Ruaridh Arrow, who made an acclaimed documentary film about Dr. Sharp in 2011, “How to Start a Revolution,” and wrote his biography, to be published this year.
Mr. Sharp urged protesters, among other things, to adopt a singular color (orange in Ukraine) or a symbol (Serbian housewives banging pots and pans). Other weapons of organized civil disobedience, he said, include boycotts, mock funerals, hunger strikes and what he called “dilemma protests,” which hornswoggle governments into counterproductive responses.
Weapon No. 57 was what he called “Lysistratic nonaction,” the name derived from Aristophanes' antiwar play “Lysistrata,” in which ancient Athenian women withhold sex from belligerent men until they agree to renounce aggression.
His philosophy could be reduced to two axioms:
First, autocracies are vulnerable to being undermined because “dictators are never as strong as they tell you they are,” he said in Mr. Arrow's film, “and people are never as weak as they think they are.”
Second, while limited violence against dictatorial governments may sometimes be inevitable, violence provokes more violence, a strategy that gives dictators an advantage.
While Gandhi's death in 1948 galvanized a young Dr. Sharp to begin preaching nonviolence, he was no pacifist. He admired Gandhi less for his ethical commitment to the cause than for his rejection of passive submission and his tactical success with nonviolent alternatives.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Characterized variously as the “Machiavelli of Nonviolence” and the “Clausewitz of Nonviolent Warfare,” Mr. Sharp argued that nonviolent resistance draws its strength from basic human nature.
“It doesn't build on the capacity of people to love each other and turn the other cheek,” he told The Boston Globe in 1983, “but on people's capacity to be stubborn and cussed, and we're all good at that.”
Dr. Sharp worked out of his East Boston townhouse (where he cultivated rare orchids); it had doubled as his institution's cramped headquarters since funding began withering in 2004. The tipping point was a fallout with his chief benefactor, Peter Ackerman, a Wall Street investor, who began another organization to promote nonviolence.
Photo
Dr. Sharp was little known in the United States, but abroad he was a Forrest Gump of popular revolutions, turning up to observe insurgencies from Tiananmen Square in Beijing to Tahrir Square in Cairo. He advised Yasir Arafat, the leader of the Palestine Liberation Organization, on peaceful protest.
His Oxford thesis, published in 1973 as “The Politics of Nonviolent Action: A Conceptual Framework for Liberation,” became a manual for revolutionaries everywhere.
Another of his 30 or so books, “Civilian-Based Defense: A Post-Military Weapons System” (1990), was invoked by government officials in Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia in 1991 as they regained independence from the Soviet Union.
“I would rather have this book than the nuclear bomb,” Audrius Butkevicius, the former Lithuanian defense minister, once said.
Gene Elmer Sharp was born on Jan. 21, 1928, in North Baltimore, Ohio, to Paul Sharp, an itinerant Protestant minister and high school English teacher, and the former Eva Allgire, an elementary-school teacher.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
He received a bachelor's degree in social science from Ohio State University in 1949 and later earned a master's in sociology there.
Dr. Sharp, who never married, is survived by a brother, Richard.
During the Korean War, rather than declaring himself a conscientious objector, Dr. Sharp refused to cooperate with his draft board because he opposed conscription altogether. Sentenced to two years in prison for draft dodging, he served nine months.
But his protest and his first book generated a sympathetic response from Albert Einstein, prompting Mr. Sharp to name his institution after him. Einstein, who died in 1955, wrote the foreword to Dr. Sharp's first book, “Gandhi Wields the Weapon of Moral Power: Three Case Studies,” published in 1960.
“My activist experience was limited to one lunch counter sit-in in Columbus, Ohio, and my civil disobedience to conscription, which didn't do much to get rid of the war system,” Dr. Sharp told Reason magazine in 2011. “I only felt that I was maintaining my own integrity there. I was out to move beyond that.”
After prison, to pay his rent in Brooklyn, he held various jobs, including operating an elevator in a hospital and rat-proofing apartments in Harlem.
After serving as a secretary to the Dutch-born American pacifist A. J. Muste, he left for London to become an editor of Peace News, a weekly. He distributed leaflets and pamphlets promoting nuclear disarmament that were among the first to popularize the universal symbol of the peace movement, the circular logo designed by the British artist Gerald Holtom using semaphore signals for N and D.
Mr. Sharp later studied at the University of Oslo and at Oxford, where he earned a doctorate in 1968.
In addition to founding the Einstein Institution and serving as its senior scholar, Mr. Sharp was a professor emeritus of political science at the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth and a researcher at the Weatherhead Center for International Affairs at Harvard.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Sharp generally argued that the United States should avoid involvement in indigenous revolutions. Nonetheless, Iran accused him of having links to American intelligence agencies, and Hugo Chavez, the leftist former president of Venezuela, called him a tool of President George W. Bush.
Mr. Sharp believed that dictators of every political stripe were empowered by the willing obedience of their subjects, and that his nonviolent alternatives to revolution were open to everyone.
“In the U.S., during the civil rights struggle, both sides used these techniques,” he told the magazine The New Statesman in 2013. “In the bus boycott, when black people organized car-sharing in protest against segregation, their opponents refused to sell them gasoline and canceled insurance policies on their cars. I don't think that was a wonderful thing to do, but it's certainly better than lynching.”
He added, “Governments won't have to fight terrorism anymore if the people who might have been terrorists learn to use this kind of struggle instead.”
Fruitcake is known to stay fresh for an inordinate amount of time.
But Antarctic conservators say they recently came upon a specimen that tests the limits of the treat: a 106-year-old cake, found in one of Antarctica's first buildings.
This particular cake is believed to have been brought over in 1910 during the Terra Nova expedition of Robert Falcon Scott. According to the Antarctic Heritage Trust, "it has been documented that Scott took this particular brand of cake with him at that time."
The Huntley & Palmers fruitcake was wrapped in paper and housed in a tin-plated iron alloy tin, which is showing signs of deterioration. However, the cake itself is "well-preserved," the conservators say.
"There was a very, very slight rancid butter smell to it, but other than that, the cake looked and smelled edible!" the Trust's Programme Manager-Artefacts Lizzie Meek said in a statement. "There is no doubt that the extreme cold in Antarctica has assisted its preservation."
The century-old dessert was found with nearly 1,500 other artifacts from two huts at Cape Adare.
According to the Trust, the first buildings on the continent "were built by Norwegian Carsten Borchgrevink's expedition in 1899 and later used by Captain Scott's party in 1911." Meek says the team members were finishing up their work collecting objects when they were surprised to find the old dessert.
She adds that even present day explorers love a good fruitcake: "It's ideal high-energy food for Antarctic conditions, and is still a favorite item on modern day trips to the ice."
The cake's sheer density probably helps. As NPR's Maria Godoy has reported, people doing outdoor work in the Antarctic need about 5,000 calories a day — and more like 6,500 if you're involved in manhauling, which is "pulling sleds across the ice and snow with their bodies."
Maria writes that there's one clear lesson that Antarctic explorers have learned over the years: "When life is stripped down to man versus the most brutal elements, bring plenty of snacks."
This is something Scott's team knew — in fact, Maria says that "his party conducted a study that suggested a high-carb, high-fat diet to be optimal for the harsh climes."
But tragically, explorers on Antarctic expeditions were often hungry. Scott himself starved to death while on the return journey from the South Pole.
The objects recovered from Cape Adare — including a watercolor painting of a Tree Creeper bird by scientist Edward Wilson — are undergoing conservation treatment and will be returned there, because the huts are deemed an Antarctic Specially Protected Area. That will happen after restoration work is finished on the buildings themselves.
Should come as no surprise that John McDonnell's PPS, the new Labour MP Karen Lee, is a fan of a mass-murdering dictator who put homosexuals in concentration camps. Meanwhile, after Corbynistas spent the last two weeks trying in vain to distance Jez from the thugs in Venezuela, the geniuses at the Morning Star write “Corbyn is our Chavez”.
Morning Star gets it right shock…
File Photo: Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson speaks during a news conference announcing the department's plan to hire nearly 1,000 new police officers in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., September 21, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young
By Daniel Trotta
(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said in a Twitter message on Monday that Chicago's mayor must ask for U.S. government help if the city fails to reduce its homicide rate, which hit a 20-year high in 2016.
The city responded that Trump and Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel had previously spoken and agreed to ways the federal government could help.
"Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!" Trump tweeted.
The president-elect correctly reported crime numbers published by the Chicago Police Department on Sunday, but the figures were not record-setting.
Although up about 60 percent from the previous year, the 762 homicides in 2016 were the highest annual toll since 1996, when there were 796, according to police data.
During the presidential campaign, Trump periodically referred to Chicago, America's third most populous city, as an example of rising inner-city crime, which ticked up nationally in 2016 after a two-decade downward trend.
As candidate, Trump associated high-crime cities with their Democratic leaders. Emanuel is a former chief of staff to Democratic President Barack Obama.
A spokesman for Emanuel welcomed the prospect of working with Trump once the Republican takes office on Jan. 20, but noted Trump and Emanuel had already spoken on the issue. The two met in New York in December.
"As the president-elect knows from his conversation with the mayor, we agree the federal government has a strong role to play in public safety," spokesman Adam Collins said in a statement.
Collins said the federal government could help by passing stricter gun laws, improving cooperation between federal and local law enforcement and funding programs for at-risk youth.
"We are heartened he is taking this issue seriously and look forward to working with the new administration," Collins said.
Chicago has outlined plans to reduce violence, including the scheduled hiring of 970 police officers over the next two years to raise the total to 13,500.
Police in Chicago made more gun arrests in 2016 than in New York and Los Angeles combined, Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson said on Sunday.
"We will make 2017 a safer year for the city of Chicago," Johnson told reporters.
Johnson said he would lobby the Illinois legislature to reform sentencing guidelines for repeat gun offenders. Police would also focus on "targeted, data-driven enforcement" and make community policing "a department-wide philosophy," Johnson said.
(Reporting by Daniel Trotta in New York; Editing by Peter Cooney)
Superman, Batman and now…Elfman.
Danny Elfman is going to dole out the sweet sound of justice, coming on board to compose the score for Justice League, Warner Bros.' all-star superhero extravaganza, THR has learned.
The hiring comes just as the additional photography, with Joss Whedon standing in for Zack Snyder, for the movie gets underway in London. Whedon is overseeing the new shoot and post-production work on League after Snyder stepped aside to deal with a family tragedy.
Snyder had been working with Antonius Holkenborg, aka Junkie XL, on the movie. Holkenborg, who scored Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and counts movies like Mad Max: Fury Road and Deadpool among his credits, is now moving on to Tomb Raider, according to sources.
Elfman has some familiarity with coming in late on projects and with working with Whedon. He was brought on board in the later stages of making Whedon's 2015 superhero movie, Avengers: Age of Ultron, adding to the music already written by Tyler Bates.
Elfman is one of the big names in the movie music field, known for his long work with director Tim Burton, early comic book movies Batman and Batman Returns, among them. He also worked with Sam Raimi on Spider-Man and Spider-Man 2, among the filmmaker's other titles.
This year he worked on Fifty Shades Darker and The Circle.
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — The man who finished second in Venezuela's recent presidential election is asking the Supreme Court to order a new vote.
Henri Falcon argued on Wednesday that Maduro's ruling socialist party unfairly influenced the election by setting up kiosks near voting centers and giving poor residents bonuses.
Official results showed Maduro winning a second six-year term in a landslide victory on May 20 despite a historic crisis in the once-wealthy OPEC nation.
The appeal is unlikely to prosper in the Supreme Court, which rarely if ever votes against Maduro.
The legal challenge comes as Canada is slapping 14 Venezuelan leaders with sanctions, condemning the election as illegitimate and anti-democratic.
Cuba's newly installed President Miguel Diaz-Canel, however, was visiting Caracas and congratulated Maduro, reaffirming strong ties between their two nations.
Ryan Fitzpatrick threw two touchdown passes in what was likely his final game for the Jets and New York ended a dismal season on a winning note with a 30-10 over the Buffalo Bills on Sunday.
Despite a 5-11 record, the Jets are making no changes in leadership, meaning both coach Todd Bowles and general manager Mike Maccagnan will remain with the team next season. The team announced the moves after the game.
Bowles is 15-17 in his two-year tenure with New York, which hired him in January 2015 after firing Rex Ryan. Maccagnan is also in his second season with the Jets, and had also been criticized for the team's roster, which likely faces an overhaul this offseason.
Fitzpatrick went 20 of 30 for 210 yards. He is likely to be among the big names to go because he's a free agent and unlikely to return. It could have also been the final game with New York for cornerback Darrelle Revis (who had his first interception of the season in the game); wide receiver Brandon Marshall (inactive because of a hip injury); and center Nick Mangold (on injured reserve), among others.
The Bills (7-9) also face some uncertainty this offseason after firing coach Rex Ryan earlier in the week and elevating offensive coordinator Anthony Lynn to the interim role.
Two other people with direct knowledge of the situation told the AP before the game that Lynn is the clear favorite to take over the job permanently.
One person called Lynn's succession to replace Ryan as being "the working plan." Another person said the final decision on general manager Doug Whaley's recommendation rests solely with owners Terry and Kim Pegula.
Both people spoke to the AP on the condition of anonymity because the Bills have not revealed details of their coaching search.
A third person with direct knowledge of the discussions told the AP that former Jacksonville coach Gus Bradley is a candidate to become the Bills defensive coordinator under Lynn. Bradley was fired by the Jaguars two weeks ago.
The Jets took a 7-0 lead on a 2-yard pass from Fitzpatrick to Bilal Powell. Powell also finished with 122 yards on 22 carries.
Dan Carpenter's 34-yard field goal made it 7-3, but the Bills missed out on more points when EJ Manuel underthrew a wide-open Charles Clay.
Nick Folk kicked a 30-yarder as time expired in the first half to give the Jets a 10-3 lead.
The Jets got a turnover on the Bills' next drive when Corey Lemonier — claimed off waivers during the week — got a strip-sack of Manuel and Jordan Jenkins recovered at the Buffalo 13. Officials initially ruled Manuel down, but Bowles challenged the call and it was reversed by video review.
Three plays later, Jalin Marshall reached over the goal line for a 6-yard touchdown reception that made it 17-3.
Buffalo turned it over on its next possession, Sheldon Richardson recovering a fumble by Jonathan Williams. Folk added a 36-yarder.
Rookie Cardale Jones then replaced Manuel as Bills quarterback, making his regular-season debut.
New York's Doug Middleton recovered a kickoff in the end zone after the Bills' Mike Gillislee touched the ball, giving New York a 30-3 lead.
Gillislee added a 1-yard TD run with 39 seconds left to cap the scoring.
QB SHUFFLE
Manuel started at quarterback instead of Tyrod Taylor, with Lynn calling it "a business decision" by the team. Taylor was inactive for the game with a groin injury.
Manuel made his first start since Oct. 25, 2015, and finished 9 of 20 for 86 yards.
McCOY HURT
Buffalo running back LeSean McCoy limped to the sideline with a right ankle injury after a 2-yard loss on the first play of the second quarter.
He was carted to the locker room. X-rays were negative, he was upgraded to a "probable" return, though he didn't get another carry.
DUBIOUS DISTINCTION
Bills running back Reggie Bush finished the season with 12 carries for minus-3 yards, becoming the first NFL running back to have negative yards rushing with 10 or more carries. He had no carries against the Jets.
(Jessica Kourkounis/Pool Photo via AP). Defense witness Roslyn Yarbrough arrives to testify in actor and comedian Bill Cosby's his sexual assault retrial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Monday, April 23, 2018.
(Jessica Kourkounis/Pool Photo via AP). Defense witness Douglas Moss arrives to testify in actor and comedian Bill Cosby's his sexual assault retrial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Monday, April 23, 2018.
By MICHAEL R. SISAK
Associated Press
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) - Bill Cosby's lawyers urged a jury Tuesday to acquit the 80-year-old comedian of sexual assault charges they said were based on "flimsy, silly, ridiculous evidence," arguing he was falsely accused by a "pathological liar" scheming for a big payday.
The first big celebrity trial of the #MeToo era was nearly in the hands of a jury after the defense declared that Cosby himself was the victim of an elaborate frame-up.
Lawyers Tom Mesereau and Kathleen Bliss said in their closing argument that chief accuser Andrea Constand consented to a sexual encounter at Cosby's home in suburban Philadelphia, then leveled false accusations against the "Cosby Show" star so she could sue him and extract a big settlement.
"You're dealing with a pathological liar, members of the jury," Mesereau said. "You are."
Prosecutors were to deliver their closing argument next. The jury was expected to get the case later in the day.
The former TV star was accompanied Tuesday for the first time in the trial by his wife of 54 years, who sat in the gallery as his lawyers pleaded with the jury to clear him. Camille Cosby, 74, had been absent from the courtroom as the prosecution built its case that Cosby maintained a sordid double life that involved preying on women sexually.
Before the jury came in, she went to the defense table and put her arm around her husband. They embraced, smiled and chatted, and he gave her a peck on the cheek.
Constand, 45, alleges Cosby knocked her out with three pills he called "your friends" and molested her in January 2004. Her account was bolstered by the testimony of five other women who took the stand and said Cosby had drugged and assaulted them, too - including one woman who asked him through her tears, "You remember, don't you, Mr. Cosby?"
Cosby has said he gave Constand 1½ tablets of the over-the-counter cold and allergy medicine Benadryl to help her relax before what he called a consensual encounter. And the defense ripped into the other women, saying they were motivated by the prospect of money and fame to come forward in recent years with fabricated accounts.
Cosby is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault, each carrying up to 10 years in prison.
The jury at Cosby's first trial weighed the evidence for more than 52 hours over six days last year without reaching a verdict.
This time, his defense team mounted a far more aggressive effort to stoke doubts about Constand's credibility and raise questions about whether Cosby's arrest was even legal.
Their star witness was Marguerite Jackson, a former Temple University colleague of Constand's who testified that Constand spoke of framing a high-profile person for the purpose of filing a lawsuit. Constand received nearly $3.4 million from Cosby over a decade ago - a settlement that Mesereau argued was "one of the biggest highway robberies of all time."
"He thought he was paying for peace. He didn't get it," the lawyer said.
In a two-hour, tag-team closing argument, Mesereau and Bliss highlighted more than a dozen inconsistencies in what Constand has said over the years. Mesereau, best known for winning an acquittal in Michael Jackson's 2005 child-molestation case, showed jurors a list of what he said were Constand's "biggest lies" and displayed excerpts from her police statements and testimony to help back up his claims.
He also painstakingly reviewed phone and travel records for Cosby and Constand, as well as a schedule for the Temple women's basketball team where she worked, saying they are proof the alleged assault couldn't have happened when she says it did. Prosecutors have noted that Cosby's travel records have large gaps in time.
The date of Cosby's encounter with Constand is important because of when he was charged. Prosecutors reopened the case in 2015, and he was charged late that year - just before the 12-year statute of limitations was set to expire.
Bliss argued that Cosby, once revered as America's Dad, was an innocent man caught up in the "emotion and anger" of the #MeToo movement against sexual misconduct. Cosby was arrested years before #MeToo became a cultural force and took down famous men like Harvey Weinstein, Matt Lauer, Kevin Spacey and Sen. Al Franken.
Bliss also suggested that Constand and Cosby were having an affair, and that she was the aggressor, "cavorting around with a married man old enough to be her grandfather."
"There's no doubt that something was going on here," Bliss said. "There's no doubt there was love in the making."
Wearing sunglasses in the courtroom, Cosby's wife smirked and pursed her lips a few times but otherwise listened stoically.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission. Constand has done so.
___
This story has been corrected to show that jury deliberations in the first trial took place over six days, not five.
___
Follow Mike Sisak at https://twitter.com/mikesisak .
___
For more coverage visit https://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Focus Features
I realized I was probably going to hate Book of Henry inside of five minutes, probably around the time the 11-year-old protagonist jumped on a payphone to call his stockbroker after class and then went home to work on his Rube Goldberg machine. (Which of those is even the lamer movie cliché?) The surprise wasn't that it was bad, it was that it would eventually encompass so many different kinds of bad. From its beginnings as a precocious whimsical wonder fart, Book of Henry gradually morphs into a Nicholas Sparksian cancer tearjerker, a messages-from-beyond teen romance, and a weirdly sanitized dramedy about sexual abuse. A good rule of thumb for all aspiring filmmakers: Probably don't do dramedy about child rape. Remember that commercial that brought a dead Fred Astaire back to life so he could dance with a vacuum? Book of Henry feels like if Wes Anderson died and came back as a Hallmark Channel special.
Book of Henry is directed by Colin Trevorrow, previously of Jurassic World and the well-received Safety Not Guaranteed, though he seems to have disappeared entirely into an attempt at whatever genre this is. Jaeden Lieberher, who was so good in the underrated St. Vincent, plays Henry, a quippy 11-year-old prodigy who in the first scene lays out his life philosophy during a class presentation about what the kids want their legacy to be (you know, a normal assignment that 11-year-olds are given in normal schools). “First of all, isn't the whole idea of legacy just comfort food to stave off existential crisis?” he begins. Then he goes onto say that life is short and we should all just be nice to each other while we're still on this side of the grass.
Where does a movie go when an 11-year-old already knows the meaning of life in the first scene? Henry is so transparently meant to represent our idealized selves that the scene says far more about the people it's meant to appeal to than the story — namely, that we're comfortable (Henry is rich, because of stocks), slightly disaffected (he worries about existential crises), know-it-alls (child prodigy). It belongs to an entire genre of indie-ish dramedy dedicated to unconventional or “cute” characters like precocious kids or rappin' grannies telling upper middle class intellectuals what we already think. The character Henry is basically a misattributed inspirational Facebook quote come to life. “Definitely you should buy that new car, Dave, for a man only lives once,” –Mahatma Gandhi.
By Daniel Ritz
Michael “Cappi” Capozzoli is walking across America from Dana Point to Boston's Fenway Park. The 3,000-mile journey, estimated to take more than 300 days, is Capozzoli's effort to raise awareness and funding for a pet friendly and safe/transitional house in his home community of Sedona, Arizona.
After a life-changing experience as a young father in his twenties, Capozzoli, 66, became dedicated to the cause of raising funds and awareness for women's rights and domestic and child abuse victims.
Sitting in a lawn chair outside of his trailer in the parking lot of the Laguna Cliffs Marriot Resort & Spa where his transport vehicle was parked, Capozzoli said that he has been training for this walk his entire life.
“I haven't had to train, because I was never out of shape,” Capozzoli said. “If I help just one kid, this whole trip will be worth it.”
Before departing on Feb. 1, Capozzoli attended a Monarch Beach Sunrise Rotary Club meeting with Dana Point Assistant City Manager Mike Killebrew, where they raised more than $210 dollars for Capozzoli's nonprofit 501(C) (3) organization called Just a Penny Please.
Capozzoli plans on reaching Lake Elsinore by way of Ortega Highway by Feb. 4. You can learn more about Capozzoli and his nonprofit Just A Penny Please on www.justapennyplease.com. Dana Point Times will periodically offer updates on his journey on www.danapointtimes.com.
What started out as a so-so week for Beyonce fans – with her winning two more GRAMMYS Sunday, but losing to Adele in all the top categories – may have gotten a bit better.
Big Tigger‘s reporting in today's Trending Topics that arguably the biggest pop star on the planet (who's also pregnant with twins) told her team “she is definitely doing Coachella [April 14-16, April 21-23] as long as she's healthy.” (Surprise.)
Related: Carlos Santana on Beyoncé's GRAMMY Loss: ‘She's Not a Singer'
“[But] if the doctors tell her she needs to sit her behind down she's gonna do just that; which is what she should do.”
“She reassured her team [that] even if she's not going they're getting paid, because she's getting paid,” Tigger continued. “[The] only people that lose out [are] you people who bought tickets to see Beyonce.”
BUT this still ends on an unqualified plus side, BeyHive: There's a new online game on lemonade-rage.com where you can smash cars and “Illuminati conspiracists” on a set similar to her “Hold Up” music video.
WWE YouTube
Whether he's getting destroyed by Braun Strowman or maybe teaming up with Braun Strowman, it doesn't matter. Elias has been on absolute fire lately and there's a growing number of Elias supporters in the WWE (which of course means Walk With Elias) Universe.
His in-ring performances, whether on the guitar or on the ropes, are a highlight of every Raw. It makes sense that his musical career would take the next step, and it's only right that Elias gets an opportunity for a WrestleMania moment. Elias spoke with Guitar World about all of that and more.
When asked if there are any plans for WWE to release an album of Elias material, he gave us the answer we were all hoping for, so hold onto your iTunes gift cards now.
Shutterstock
Not since the end of the Cold War and the heyday of Tom Clancy novels has nuclear proliferation been so clearly a worldwide concern — between the ongoing pursuit of nuclear arms by states like Russia and North Korea and the potential for materials to fall into the hands of terrorists or other rogue actors. Turkish police may have prevented the latter recently after arresting four suspects who were in possession of a rare nuclear substance.
According to Haaretz, Turkish police in the capital of Ankara have detained the suspects after the substance was found in their cars during a search (you can see photos of the substance here) as part of an anti-smuggling operation, and an investigation is underway. The substance, Californium, a synthetic radioactive element, is made in labs and is used to kick-start nuclear reactors (although it does have medicinal qualities and is used in some forms of cancer treatment).
The police found over three pounds on the suspects, with a value believed to be over $70 million. The source of the Californium is unknown, but the U.S. and Russia are the only countries manufacturing the substance. Turkish police haven't revealed who the suspects are or who they were intending to sell the nuclear materials to. The substance was turned over to the Turkish Atomic Energy Authority, who will continue probing the matter.
(Via Haaretz)
Image Comics
No relationship that actually lasts can be built just on sex. That's something Sex Criminals has been dealing with from its first issue, really, as Jon and Suze discovered their sex-based superpowers, used them to freeze time, knocked over a bank, and discovered they'll fall afoul of what turned out to be really nothing more than an exceptionally petty set of busybodies. So where do they go from here?
Amusingly, this issue, the first in nearly a year, is a good place to pick up the comic, as Matt Fraction and Chip Zdarsky spend the first several pages recapping the plot, reintroducing the characters, and making fun of themselves for ditching the book on a cliffhanger for so long. And it's a fitting start, because Jon and Suze are essentially back to zero, both in their war on said busybodies and emotionally.
The issue turns out to be about how you build a relationship beyond just having sex. Neither of the protragonists are terribly mature, but they're trying, and it adds up to an oddly affecting issue. Anybody who's been in a long-term relationship can grasp as Fraction and Zdarsky sum up a key turning point, when you shift from thinking about the present to thinking about the future. This is rare stuff for comics, let alone one that featured a hentai demon made entirely of bodily fluids, and it emphasizes that Sex Criminals is for adults not in the sense of its content, but in the issues the book covers.
Anderson County Delinquent tax Attorney and Deputy Trustee Doyle “Trippy” Teno has filed a federal lawsuit against Trustee Myron Iwanski, County Commissioner Steve Mead and his wife Leslie, and County Commissioner and current mayoral candidate Steve Emert.
The lawsuit, filed Monday in US District Court in Knoxville, accuses Iwanski–who is, as the suit notes, also the chairman of the Anderson County Finance Committee and Emert's campaign treasurer–of obtaining copies of his tax return information from both the Finance Office and the Clerk & Master's office sometime before April 5th. The lawsuit states that employees in both offices confirmed Iwanski was the only person who had requested or received that information.
The lawsuit states that on April 5th, during a campaign event in Oak Ridge, the Meads were at a table with campaign materials, among which was an “11-page document with fifty-three paragraphs.” The suit states that the document, entitled “Things You Need to Know about Terry Frank,” did not identify who was responsible for its content, in violation of state law.
The complaint alleges that the document explicitly references Teno's “confidential Tax Return Information, his IRS Form W-2 and IRS Form 1099,” in violation of a federal law that requires individuals with access to individuals' tax information to keep it confidential.
The lawsuit alleges that the Meads claimed ownership of the document during the campaign event in question and further alleges that the Emert campaign has continued to distribute the document to potential voters.
The lawsuit seeks damages in the amount of $1000 for “each act of unauthorized inspection or disclosure of a return or return information” the defendants are found liable for, punitive damages and attorney's fees.
The purpose of his trip was as much to inspire people as it was to warn them of the inevitable and overwhelming crowds that would flood their towns, as he has seen happen numerous times before.
“This is two years out. They didn't know what was coming,” Mr. Kentrianakis said. “We knew. No one can predict the future, except for an eclipse chaser.”
Here's what he and his fellow eclipse aficionados say we should expect.
That First Eclipse
Wherever they come from, eclipse chasers often share a similar origin story that involves the first time they witnessed totality.
Kate Russo, a clinical psychologist and eclipse chaser who lives in Northern Ireland, saw her first eclipse on the coast of France in 1999.
“I thought this was my chance to see a total solar eclipse and take it off my bucket list,” she said. “How wrong I was.”
Photo
She has since written three books on eclipses, but the roller coaster of emotions she experienced the first time is still with her.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Everyone sensed something was coming,” she said. “The world held its breath. It was eerie and quite frightening and so dramatic, and then suddenly you're plunged into darkness.”
She was hooked, and in 2001 she traveled to Madagascar to catch her next total solar eclipse.
“That's when I thought, ‘I'm an eclipse chaser,'” Dr. Russo said. “That's when I discovered a map that had the paths of totality for all future eclipses. I saw that map and I thought: ‘This is the structure of my life for the next 20 years. This is where I'm going to be.'”
The chase led her to South Australia in 2002, on a Galápagos Islands cruise in 2005, Turkey in 2006, Mongolia in 2008, China in 2009, Australia again in 2012, the Faroe Islands in 2015 and Indonesia last year.
For all those eclipses and all that travel, she has spent just 22 minutes in all beneath totality.
“The endorphins kick in,” she said. “There's an element to it that's addictive.”
For Mr. Kentrianakis, the opportunity to see his first total solar eclipse was pure chance.
One day in 1978, when he was 14 and living on Long Island, he came across an article in his local paper about researchers preparing an expedition to Manitoba, Canada, to observe an eclipse on Feb. 26, 1979. The last line in the article announced that the team had one seat available.
Photo
His parents let him call the researchers, who invited him to join the expedition. That February they arrived in Lundar, Manitoba, and trekked through 18 inches of snow to the field where they would observe the event.
On the day of the eclipse, one of the researchers, Fred Hess, shouted the countdown to totality. He announced every minute until the sun disappeared and a shining diamond ring appeared.
“He's reading it out and he's losing control,” Mr. Kentrianakis said. “He goes, ‘Look! Look! Look! Look!'”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Kentrianakis was overwhelmed by the sight, too, and for two minutes and 47 seconds he witnessed totality. (In a recording, you can hear him and the group shouting.)
“I'm looking at this corona in the sky and thinking, ‘Wow, this is really strange and beautiful,'” he said.
Get to Totality
One of Mr. Kentrianakis's mentors, Jay Pasachoff, has experienced 65 solar eclipses. But he prefers not to be called an eclipse chaser.
“I'm an eclipse preceder,” he said. “We get there before the eclipse.”
Thousands of people, including many celebrities, wrote on social media that they, too, had been bullied and urged Keaton to stay strong.
Jarrett Guarantano, a quarterback at the University of Tennessee, posted a photo of himself with Keaton, whom he called his “new best bud.” Kelsea Ballerini, a country singer and Knoxville native, declared that the next time she was in town, she would “walk into that lunchroom with you and watch the bullies say they are sorry to you.” The “Stranger Things” actress Millie Bobby Brown, who is 13, tweeted, “I wanna be your friend.”
Delanie Walker, a tight end for the Tennessee Titans, offered Keaton and his family tickets to the team's New Year's Eve game against the Jacksonville Jaguars. In a short video, he read a poem attributed to Buddha and told Keaton, “You can be whoever you want to be.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Get the Morning Briefing by Email What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The actor LeVar Burton assured Keaton he was “not alone.” Chris Evans, who plays Captain America, offered tickets to the Los Angeles premiere of next year's “Avengers” movie.
Keaton even got a message from Luke Skywalker.
“They're just jealous because you're so smart & handsome,” Mark Hamill, who plays Skywalker in the “Star Wars” movies, tweeted.
Ms. Jones did not respond to a Facebook message on Sunday requesting an interview with Keaton. She had posted on Saturday that she could not keep up with the thousands of messages pouring in.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“At the end of the day, this isn't new for us, & we still have to truck on thru the day to day,” she wrote, adding, “I'm humbled by the voice my boy has been given, but he's still just a little boy, & he's a little boy who desperately wants acceptance.”
Public attention to bullying tends to come in waves, surging around cases like Keaton's before falling off again. In some well-publicized cases in recent years, bullying has been so vicious that victims have killed themselves.
Multiple studies, including a 2008 review by researchers at Yale and another published in JAMA Pediatrics in 2014, have found a connection between bullying and suicide.
In his video, through his tears, Keaton told viewers: “If you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you. Stay strong, I guess.”
“It'll probably get better one day,” he said, sounding unconvinced.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
An explosive device has been set off on a New York subway platform, US police have confirmed.
The explosion happened at around 7.30am on 40th Street and Eighth Avenue near Times Square.
A suspect has been arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
One other person suffered a non-life-threatening injury, New York Fire Department said.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened.
President Donald Trump "has been briefed on the explosion in New York City", his press secretary Sarah Sanders said.
Andre Rodriguez, 62, told the New York Times that he heard an explosion shortly before 7.30am.
He added: "I was going through the turnstile.
"It sounded like an explosion, and everybody started running."
There are few injured, ABC reported.
Andre Rodriguez, 62, told the New York Times that he heard an explosion shortly before 7.30am.
He added: "I was going through the turnstile. It sounded like an explosion, and everybody started running."
It was a simple ceremony, the swearing on Friday of a new city policeman which went off quickly and quietly in the Municipal Building.
However, that uncomplicated and straightforward event represented a milestone for the Mount Airy Police Department, where no vacancies now exist in the patrol division for the first time since 2010.
“We are full,” Police Chief Dale Watson said Friday after its newest member was officially welcomed to the force, Bradley Lee “BJ” Tate II.
In recent years, there have been as many as nine vacancies in the police department, out of a total sworn-officer force of 41. A low starting pay compared to other law enforcement agencies was one factor cited for this situation, which led to the Mount Airy Board of Commissioners approving a significant hike last June, to the $35,000 range.
Also last year, a new police recruiting initiative was implemented which provides incentives to attract qualified applicants, including paying for their Basic Law Enforcement Training (BLET), then retaining them as members of the force.
“This program opened up an opportunity that otherwise would not be there,” the police chief said Friday of the new recruiting effort.
After passing an initial screening process, recruits receive a conditional offer of employment, which requires signing a training agreement. They have the status of a temporary city employee while enrolled in the BLET program, which includes receiving a stipend every two weeks based on a pay rate of $12.10 per hour and 80 hours of training.
In exchange, the training agreement contractually obligates the employee to work for the city of Mount Airy for two years while receiving additional instruction.
The chief said that Tate qualified for this program, as did others who were sworn in as new officers in late July.
Watson said he is glad to have the department back at full strength, after years of dealing with scheduling and other issues due to the manpower shortage.
“It was a hardship,” he confided, one that sometimes led to the community not receiving the level of service it deserves.
Having a full contingent of officers will in turn mean dividends for citizens.
“It allows us to address different needs in the community that we otherwise haven't been able to direct resources toward,” the police chief added.
New member seeks to “serve”
Normally when police officers are sworn in, a formal ceremony is held in council chambers of City Hall. It typically is attended by their family members, present and former members of the police department, city elected officials and others, with special remarks providing encouragement for those facing difficult tasks ahead.
Such a program was scheduled earlier in the week for Tate, but fell victim to wintry weather that forced its postponement.
This led to a smaller, informal ceremony Friday in the Municipal Building, where about 20 people gathered in the office of Mayor David Rowe to watch Tate be administered his oath of office and have a badge pinned onto his shirt.
The gathering included Tate's wife, Kaylee, and other relatives along with police and city officials.
“I'm excited, just ready to serve the community any way I can,” Tate said of his desire to work on behalf of citizens. “That's my goal, to find ones that need help.”
Tate, 25, whose first day on the job was Dec. 21, mentioned that he has always thought of himself as having the heart of a servant, and his job as police officer will provide a way to fulfill this.
He was born in Hampton, Virginia, and graduated from Carroll County High School before moving to Mount Airy in 2015. Tate completed the BLET program of Surry Community College.
The son of Bradley Tate Sr. and Malena Tate of Fancy Gap, he and his wife Kaylee have been married for two years.
“I think Bradley is going to be a very good officer,” Chief Watson said.
Bradley Lee “BJ” Tate II, Mount Airy's newest police officer, is congratulated by Mayor David Rowe Friday after being sworn in and pinned with his badge during a ceremony at City Hall. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/web1_Swear-this.jpg Bradley Lee “BJ” Tate II, Mount Airy's newest police officer, is congratulated by Mayor David Rowe Friday after being sworn in and pinned with his badge during a ceremony at City Hall. Tom Joyce | The News
New officer sworn on Friday
By Tom Joyce tjoyce@civitasmedia.com
Tom Joyce may be reached at 336-415-4693 or on Twitter @Me_Reporter.
Tom Joyce may be reached at 336-415-4693 or on Twitter @Me_Reporter.
FAR HILLS, N.J. (AP) — Two-time champion Karrie Webb has received a special exemption to the U.S. Women's Open at Shoal Creek in Alabama.
Webb won consecutive U.S. Women's Open titles by a combined 13 shots when she was at the top of her game. She beat Cristie Kerr and Meg Mallon by five shots at The Merit Club outside Chicago in 2000 and Se Ri Pak by eight shots at Pine Needles in North Carolina a year later.
The U.S. Women's Open at Shoal Creek starts May 31.
Webb received a 10-year exemption for her 2001 victory, and she has remained exempt through other categories every year since then.
The Australian is the first player to receive a special exemption to the Women's Open since Pak in 2016 at CordeValle.
OPINION: A declining drag from falling mining investment, strong public infrastructure spending and a likely resumption of trade contributing to growth should all help keep Australia out of recession. However, soft consumer spending and a slowing in the housing cycle will act to constrain growth to below Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) and Government forecasts. As such, there is far more chance of another RBA rate cut than a hike over the next year.
Australian shares will likely be higher by year end. But global shares are likely to continue outperforming.
Growth slows again
Despite numerous forecasts for an “unavoidable” recession following the end of the mining boom early this decade, the Australian economy has continued to defy the doomsters and keep growing. However, recently it seems to have hit a bit of a rough patch. After contracting in the September quarter, the economy bounced back in the December quarter only to falter again in the March quarter. While there was relief that we didn't see another contraction, as had been feared, and the economy has now had 103 quarters without a recession, it would be wrong to get too excited. March quarter growth was just 0.3% quarter on quarter and annual growth slowed to 1.7% year on year, its slowest since the global financial crisis (GFC).
Source: ABS, AMP Capital
Bad weather and bad wages growth – the negatives
Cyclone Debbie and its aftermath disrupted housing construction & trade in the March quarter and this will pass. But before it does, the weather impact on trade will worsen in the current quarter – as indicated by a 45% collapse in coal exports in April, which is unlikely to be made up for in May and June – resulting in another quarter of poor growth. More fundamentally though:
Consumer spending is heavily constrained by record low wages growth and high levels of underemployment resulting in real household disposable income growth of just 0.4% over the last 12 months. While real consumer spending grew more strongly than income at 2.3% over the last year, this was only possible because of a fall in the household savings rate to 4.7% from 6.9% a year ago. Rapid increases in the cost of electricity, talk of an increase in the Medicare levy and high debt levels are probably also not helping. All of which is showing up in relatively low levels of consumer confidence.
The housing cycle is starting to slow. Falling building approvals point to a downtrend in housing construction activity (see next chart). Similarly, the wealth effects from home price gains are likely to slow if, as we expect, Sydney and Melbourne property price growth has now peaked under the weight of bank rate hikes, tighter lending standards, rising supply and poor affordability.
Source: ABS, AMP Capital
The impact of the housing cycle on the Australian economy is regularly exaggerated. Last year it contributed around 0.3% directly to GDP growth (via housing construction) and indirect effects look unlikely to have been more than another 0.3%. In other words, not a huge amount. But nevertheless it will be a drag on growth when it slows.
Offsetting positives
However, while the consumer and the housing cycle look like becoming a drag on Australian growth in the year or two ahead, several considerations will provide an offset:
The big drag on growth from falling mining investment is nearly over. Mining investment peaked at nearly 7% of GDP four years ago and has been falling at around 30% per annum, knocking around 1.5% pa from GDP growth (and a lot more in Western Australia). While it's still falling rapidly, at around 2% of GDP now, its weight in the economy has collapsed reducing its drag on growth to around 0.5% for the year ahead and it's getting close to the bottom.
Source: ABS, AMP Capital
Secondly, public infrastructure investment is rising strongly, up 9.5% over the last year, in response to state infrastructure spending much of which is financed from the privatisation of existing public assets.
Finally, net exports or trade is likely to return to contributing to growth as the impact of Cyclone Debbie fades, resource projects including for gas complete and services exports continue to strengthen.
Source: ABS, AMP Capital
Recession avoided, but growth to remain subdued
These considerations should ensure that the Australian economy continues to grow and avoids recession. However, the drag from soft consumer spending and an end to the east coast housing boom will likely leave growth stuck around 2 to 2.5%. This is below Government and RBA expectations for a return to 3%, posing downside risks to the inflation outlook.
In an ideal world and given the declining potency of monetary policy (and the fear of reigniting home prices gains), this would be the time to consider income tax cuts (or “cheques in the mail”) to help shore up consumer spending. The Government could consider financing this by dropping/delaying the cuts to corporate tax for large companies that are stalled in the Senate. However, since the corporate tax cuts were due to kick in much later, the budget deficit would still blow out in the short term and it's doubtful the Government would want to allow this given the risk of a ratings downgrade.
As a result, the pressure to do something if growth remains sub-par and underlying inflation stays below target will fall back to the RBA. As such our view is that the chance of an interest rate hike in the next 12 months is very low and the probability of another rate cut has pushed up to around 40-50% (well above the probability implied by the money market of 11%). Yes, the RBA remains reluctant to cut rates again and showed no signs of an easing bias in its June post-meeting statement, but then again it's been a reluctant rate cutter all the way down since 2011. Key things to watch for another rate cut are: a softening in jobs data; continued weak consumer spending; another downwards revision in RBA growth and inflation forecasts; significant cooling in the Sydney and Melbourne property markets; and the Australian dollar remaining relatively resilient.
Implications for investors
There are two major implications for Australian based investors. First, continue to favour global over Australian shares. While US and global share indices are hitting new record highs, Australian shares remain well below their pre-GFC peak. In fact, Australian shares have been underperforming global shares since October 2009. See the next chart. This reflects relatively tighter monetary policy in Australia (the US had money printing and zero rates and Australia had neither), the commodity slump, the lagged impact of the rise in the $A above parity in 2010 and a mean reversion of the 2000 to 2009 outperformance by Australian shares. While the underperformance has reversed half of the 2000 to 2009 outperformance, it looks like it has further to go reflecting weaker growth prospects in Australia. We see the ASX 200 higher by year end, but global shares are likely to do better.
Source: Thomson Reuters, AMP Capital
Secondly, maintain a decent exposure to foreign currency. A simple way to do this is to leave a proportion of global shares unhedged. Historically the $A has tended to fall against the $US when the level of interest rates in Australia relative to the US is falling. See the next chart. With the Fed likely to continue (gradually) raising rates and the RBA on hold or potentially cutting rates again, the risk for the $A remains down.
Source: Bloomberg, AMP Capital
By Dr Shane Oliver, Head of Investment Strategy and Economics and Chief Economist at AMP Capital.*
Property Reviewer on Australian Property Journal
Appomattox County Public Schools Featured in 21st Annual VSBA Showcases for Success Directory
The Virginia School Boards Association (VSBA) has released its 21st Annual VSBA Showcases for Success Directory, highlighting successful K-12 programs in Virginia's public schools. Appomattox County Public Schools is one of 56 school divisions from across the Commonwealth that has programs featured in the directory. Programs from Appomattox County Public Schools are:
Nurse Aide Program
Appomattox County High School's Nurse Aide Program consists of three years of study which includes Introduction to Health and Medical Sciences, Nurse Aide I, and Nurse Aide II.ACHS and Appomattox Health and Rehabilitation Center (AHRC) have a partnership that allows our students real world experiences for the skills they have learned. This opportunity gives our students the experience they need to be successful as healthcare professionals. They learn the value of teamwork, positive work ethic, communication skills, creativity, critical thinking, and problem-solving as they provide care for the residents. At the completion of the program students are prepared to take the Virginia State Licensure Exam to become a CNA before their high school graduation. This program prepares students for jobs immediately upon high school graduation or to further their education in the healthcare field. This program gives our students a head start towards a rewarding career.
Student Volunteer Exchange Program
The Student Volunteer Exchange Program was created by the Appomattox 1865 Foundation in partnership with the National Park Service and AP U.S. History classes at Appomattox County High School for the Sesquicentennial of Lee's surrender. Starting in 2015 ten students have gone through over a hundred hour of training to become Park Guides at Appomattox Court House National Historical Park. The students assist Rangers with historical interpretive programs. During the program ACHS students have traveled to Washington D.C., Gettysburg, Harper's Ferry, and other NPS sites in and around Virginia to work and train with Rangers. The program's success has led it to expand to include students from other Social Studies classes who will be working on Civil War music programs, Living History, and research projects for the 152nd Anniversary in April, 2017. Additionally, the program has led to employment opportunities for several of the students involved.
The full VSBA Showcases for Success directory is available at www.vsba.org/showcases. It includes division-wide programs, as well as those at elementary, middle, and high school levels. Featured programs highlight successful programs related to Innovative Programs, School Initiatives, and Partnerships.
Dorinda G. Grasty, Ed.D.
Superintendent
Appomattox County Public Schools
Universal
In a lot of ways, Joe Pesci's character in Casino, Nicky Santoro, is the flipside of his Goodfellas character, Tommy DeVito. While they were both hot-headed gangsters prone to impulsive acts of violence (and both based on real-life criminals), Nicky had a kind of method to his madness, whereas Tommy was really just an overgrown id squeezed into a gangster's suit.
Sure, Nicky could still fly off the handle, but he could also keep it together when he had to, even if he didn't necessarily want to. For those moments when you can barely keep your temper in check, let these Nicky Santoro quotes inspire you to bite your tongue and swallow your rage.
A day after London court granted bail to the fugitive business tycoon Vijay Mallya in an extradition hearing, the Enforcement Directorate (ED) on Wednesday booked the liquor baron and defunct Kingfisher Airlines Ltd for actively participating in siphoning money under Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) in Rs 9,000-crore bank loan fraud case.
In a complaint given in a Mumbai court it accused Vijay Mallya of participating in the laundering of money to the tune of Rs 417 crore of the Rs 900 crore it received in loan amount from IDBI bank, reports a national daily.
The Enforcement Directorate said that Mallya used Kingfisher Airlines Ltd to accomplish the loan from the bank at the pretext of using the money for the operational purpose for the airline.
Claiming that the 61-year-old Mallya diverted a part of the loan money to other shores, the agency has charged him and eight others including Kingfisher Airlines, United Breweries Holdings under sections 3 and 4 of the PMLA Act.
Enforcement Directorate has also pushed charges against IDBI officials to help Mallya secure loans against his weak financial credentials.
Accusing Mallya of diverting at least Rs 53 crore to India Formula One Team Ltd and Rs 70 crore to two other firms under him, ED said that Mallya lied to the banks at the behest of using the loan amount for Kingfisher Airlines. These transfers from the loan amount are “nothing but involved in the offence of money laundering,” read the complaint.
Citing Vijay Mallya's deal with Diageo Plc where he received $40 million as a ‘convoluted' method to receive the payments outside India, the ED said that it clearly shows that he never intended to repay the money to the banks.
“Mallya wants to continue enjoying the good times for himself at the cost of well-being (of) M/s KAL thereby wilfully siphoning off the loan amount at the cost of public interest and the national economy,” said ED.
Kingfisher owes over Rs 9,000 crore to 17 lenders, including the SBI, IDBI Bank, Punjab National Bank, Bank of India, Bank of Baroda, United Bank of India, Central Bank, UCO Bank, Corporation Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Federal Bank, Punjab and Sind Bank, and Axis Bank among others.
Earlier, on Tuesday, Mallya was granted bail by a Westminister Magistrate's Court in London in an extradition case against him. The court has decided to hear the case of the 61- year-old former chief of defunct Kingfisher Airlines on July 6.
Who's in the headline – We often speak of horses for courses and interestingly, Kyle Larson has established that he is the horse to ride on two-mile racetracks. For the third time in a row, he was victorious at Michigan International Speedway, although during this race, he was not nearly as dominant as he'd been in the previous two events. Larson made an aggressive move on the last restart of the event, split Furniture Row Racing teammates Erik Jones and Martin Truex Jr. heading into Turn 1 and never looked back over the final two laps. Brad Keselowski led almost all of the opening stage for the win in stage 1, while Truex asserted himself in stage 2 for the triumph. Larson came within one spot of pulling off a very unique weekend sweep. His car owner, Chip Ganassi, gave Larson permission to run the Knoxville Nationals on Saturday night after winning a qualifying race on Wednesday night. It is against Larson's contract to run sprint car races on the night before a Cup Series race.
What happened – Keselowski started on the pole in the hopes of becoming the first Michigan driver to win at Michigan International Speedway and led all but four laps in the first stage. He led 103 of the first 110 laps, but only managed to lead two laps the remainder of the race. Truex led the final 14 laps of the second stage and 43 more laps in the final stage, but lost the lead on the final restart to lose the race. Larson only led the final two laps to grab the win. The big wreck of the day was Kasey Kahne clipping the front of Daniel Suarez's car at the exit of Turn 2, bouncing off of the wall and ending both of their days. The only other incident on track was Michael McDowell getting together with Paul Menard bringing out the final caution and a red flag.
Why you should care – Larson was the point leader for some time early in the year, but a penalty dropped him back into the pack. Truex owns the playoff lead and is poised to grab the 15-point bonus for the regular season leader after Richmond Raceway next month. If Larson can figure out how to win at intermediate tracks ahead of Truex, it will most likely be a battle between those two at Homestead-Miami Speedway. Matt Kenseth had an unfortunate flat tire or other mechanical issue that dropped him to a 24th-place finish, last on the lead lap.
What your friends are talking about – Silly season continues to be wide open in 2017. The departure of Kenseth from Joe Gibbs Racing was announced weeks ago. Dale Earnhardt Jr.'s retirement has been public knowledge for months. Paul Menard moving to the Wood Brothers while Ryan Blaney heads to Team Penske came on the heels of Kurt Busch not having his option picked up by Stewart-Haas Racing. The latest shoe to drop for this year's driver shuffle is Kasey Kahne, who will not be back in the No. 5 car in 2018. William Byron‘s impressive run through the XFINITY and Truck series has influenced team owner Rick Hendrick to end the contract of Kahne a year early. There are still some question marks hanging over 2018, and a couple of these drivers looking for work are going to wind up in seats. Pay attention because this year's driver seat shuffle is crazy.
Kevin Harvick commented on his radio show this week that the fact the Most Popular Driver in the sport hasn't won championships has stunted the growth of the sport. Earnhardt fans took it personally, although it was just an opinion. NASCAR's most popular driver brought thousands of fans to the sport, but had he won championships at the Cup level, it would have certainly been bigger. That said, there are a myriad of decisions and choices that have been made over the years that have had a far greater impact on stunting the growth of the sport.
After a month of running on tracks with just asphalt on them, we are back to VHT, PJ1, sticky stuff or whatever you want to call it. Bristol Motor Speedway will be treating the track with the grip enhancer again for the race next weekend. Bristol was the first track to utilize the substance in the Cup Series last summer. The technology is advancing, which means we will be seeing more of this in the future.
More Saturday qualifying is heading your way. Steve O'Donnell, executive vice president and chief racing development officer, said, “I think the key for us is to really create some fun activities for the fans with more driver access on Fridays if we can.” Shortening the weekend for the teams is nice for the support members but O'Donnell needs to stay true to his word and create more driver availability for fans that are not part of corporate hospitality. This sport has gotten away from that accessibility and that has hurt the sport in general.
Gene Haas, co-owner of Stewart-Haas Racing, feels optimistic that Busch will be back in the No. 41 car next season. Keeping Busch in the fold is dependent on sponsorship just like most every other driver in the series. Haas is waiting patiently for a response from his sponsors so that he can make it official that Busch will stay with the organization.
In a very interesting development for Darlington throwback weekend, Derrike Cope is actually going to run a throwback scheme that he raced when it was originally on his car. Cope will pilot a Mane and Tail throwback scheme that he drove in 1994 for Bobby Allison Motorsports. There aren't many opportunities for a driver to run a throwback scheme that they drove the first time around.
The Irwindale Event Center will close after January 2018. The racetrack that was once the shining star of local short track racing and one of the first forays of Toyota into NASCAR will be turned into a commercial/residential development. The limited number of local race tracks in the Los Angeles area will most likely prevent anyone from the region ever winning a National Championship in the Whelen All-American series after this year. Trevor Huddleston will be the last chance for a Southern California champion.
Who is mad – Kenseth was in the mix for a shot at the win, restarting in third position for the overtime finish, but his mechanical issue in the middle of one and two relegated him to a horrible finish. Kenseth has been unable to put together a race that culminates in a win this season and is still on the bubble for the playoffs. The 2003 champion wants to go out on a high note from JGR and just seems to be continually snake bitten.
Keselowski finished the first two stages in first and second, respectively. His car was fast all weekend but his positioning and pit strategy put him on the inside line for the final two restarts and it resulted in a 17th-place finish at his home track. Keselowski has been bemoaning the speed that the Toyotas are displaying and it just might be getting in his head.
Who is happy – Ryan Newman was nowhere to be seen for 200 laps on Sunday. Over the course of the final two restarts, he threw it on the high side and passed close to a dozen racecars. He managed to keep himself in position and came home with a fourth-place finish. Newman has a spot in the playoffs, but has not been contending for wins very much since his Phoenix victory in March. The momentum of quality finishes heading into the playoffs could carry Newman beyond the first round provided he can find some speed to finish in the top ten over the next three races.
Chris Buescher missed a top 10 by one spot last weekend at Watkins Glen International. He was sitting in tenth for the final restart when the chaos unfolded in turn one. Buescher made the right moves as Kenseth washed up the track and that resulted in a sixth-place finish for the JTG Daugherty driver. It is his best finish in the No. 37 car. He had two top-five finishes last season, one of which was in the night race at Bristol. Don't be surprised to see Buescher have back-to-back solid finishes.
When the checkered flag flew:
Kyle Larson's won Sunday at Michigan for his third victory in a row at the track in his 134th career start.
This was Larson's third triumph of 2017.
Larson's victory is his fourth of his career which ties him for 78th on the All-Time win list with 17 other drivers including Glen Wood, Ken Schrader and Parnelli Jones.
Martin Truex Jr. came home second for the fifth top two of the season and third straight top three.
Truex has three top two finishes at Michigan in his career.
The top two gives Truex ten second-place finishes in his career. He ranks in a tie with Greg Biffle and Jeremy Mayfield for 66th on the All-Time list.
Erik Jones tied his career best finish of third on Sunday.
The podium finish is Jones' best career run at Michigan and second such finish of the year.
Jones is tied for 196th on the All-Time podium list with 45 other drivers including JJ Yeley, Ryan Blaney and Aric Almirola.
Rookie of the Race was Jones. That is his ninth such win of the year. Daniel Suarez has eleven and Ty Dillon has three.
Twenty three races into the season there have been fourteen different winners this year. With three races left before the playoff cutoff the possibility of a driver with an unencumbered win not making the playoffs as been eliminated. You have Martin Truex Jr. who has the most wins of the year with four. Jimmie Johnson and Kyle Larson with three wins, Brad Keselowski, and Ricky Stenhouse Jr., have two wins, Ryan Newman, Kurt Busch, Austin Dillon, Ryan Blaney, Kevin Harvick, Denny Hamlin, Kasey Kahne, and Kyle Busch each have one. In the fourteen winners Joey Logano is not eligible for the playoffs by virtue of his triumph being considered encumbered at Richmond. Logano will have to win again to make the playoffs based on a victory.
The remaining three drivers in points and their position:
Chase Elliott Jamie McMurray Matt Kenseth
The drivers who have scored playoff points so far this season and their total:
Martin Truex Jr – 35
Kyle Larson – 18
Jimmie Johnson – 16
Kyle Busch – 14
Brad Keselowski -14
Ricky Stenhouse Jr. – 10
Kevin Harvick – 8
Ryan Blaney – 8
Denny Hamlin – 7
Ryan Newman – 5
Kurt Busch – 5
Austin Dillon – 5
Kasey Kahne – 5
Chase Elliott – 2
Matt Kenseth – 2
Joey Logano – 1
Clint Bowyer – 1
Daniel Suarez – 1
What is in the cooler (one to six beers where one is a stinker and six is an instant classic)
The majority of Sunday's race was a typical aero dependent, single groove two-mile snoozer. The 40 lap run up to the penultimate caution flag threw a few different strategies into the mix. The final restart added quite a bit of excitement to resurrect a boring race. A great finish does not a great race make however, so this one only ranks three cold Lake Rat American Ales from Grand River Brewery
Where do you point your DVR for next week – The Cup series heads to eastern Tennessee for the only race whose name is ‘The Night Race'. Coverage of the race at Bristol begins at 7:30 p.m. ET on NBC. It can also be seen via streaming on NBCSportsLive. The race can be heard on your local PRN affiliate, www.goprn.com and SiriusXM NASCAR Channel 90.
DETROIT — The mother of a G League basketball player who died in March after collapsing on the court during a game has filed a lawsuit accusing the NBA and the Detroit Pistons of negligence.
Zeke Upshaw played for the Grand Rapids Drive, a G League affiliate of the Pistons. He collapsed during a game at Grand Rapids on March 24 and died two days later .
The lawsuit was filed Wednesday in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The NBA and Pistons are named as defendants, along with SSJ Group and The DeltaPlex Arena.
The lawsuit alleges that medical personnel at the game failed to attempt lifesaving measures in a timely fashion.
Harlem-based rap duo ManKind is back with the fourth single from their Black History album trilogy.
“Chocolate Éclair,” which appears on Black History [1920-1970], is a cool, sexy, Hip-Hop love song that is perfect for Valentine's Day. ManKind has teamed up with the GIF-based music video generator MVGEN to create music videos for every song from their trilogy that covers the past, present, and future. The Black History series spans from 1920 to 2070.
For the video for “Chocolate Éclair,” ManKind used MVGEN to pay tribute to Black women in history, including Josephine Baker, Nina Simone, Cicely Tyson, Dorothy Dandridge, and Ruby Dee, all who make appearances in the video.
“'Chocolate Éclair' is an ode to Black love. It's a way for us to acknowledge and honor Black women, who have historically nurtured and uplifted Black men,” [email protected] said. “We really wanted to capture the excitement of young love destined to pass the test of time. Black women are paramount to the Black History trilogy, and ‘Chocolate Eclair' is the first and most explicit dedication to their contributions. MVGEN perfectly captures the tone and sentiment of the track by displaying the timeless beauty of acclaimed Black women from the first half of the 20th century, which coincides with the time period of the past disc.”
Forming only a year and a half ago, ManKind, (Nathaniel “[email protected]” Gasque and Brian “SciryL” Henry) have released eight critically acclaimed albums on Bandcamp, and four visual albums on MVGEN, including the 8-Bit Genesis album which was produced by Charles Hamilton.
Check out the video below.
For more of the trilogy, click here: Black History [1920-1970], Black History [1970-2020] and Black History [2020-2070]
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — South Carolina prison officials have for years blamed cellphones for contributing to inmate violence. After a bloody riot at a maximum-security prison last weekend that left seven inmates dead, they find themselves once again asking federal officials to grant waivers and change laws to let them block the signals of these contraband devices.
Gov. Henry McMaster has eased hiring rules for new corrections officers. He says an officer shortage allows contraband to flow freely into the state's prisons, provoking often deadly inmate battles.
But some who've spent time in and around these institutions say contraband is so plentiful it is rarely the cause of violent disputes. They also say the problem stems from the inaction and collusion of currently employed correctional officers, not a shortage of employees.
Alanis Obomsawin, O.C., G.O.C., C.A.LQ, is an Indigenous documentary filmmaker whose 50th movie, Our People Will Be Healed, will be screened on Oct. 8 and 9 at the Vancouver International Film Festival, on Oct. 21 at Toronto's ImagiNATIVE festival, and in November in Montreal.
For my daughter Kisos…
In memory of my father…
I was born Aug. 31, 1932, in Lebanon, New Hampshire, on Waban-Aki territory.
There was a total eclipse of the sun that day. My mother said she was in labour and could see through the window people standing on the roofs of houses to witness the passage of the moon between the sun and the earth. It became pitch dark. It started at 5:44 p.m., and that's when I was born.
Later on, when I was 6 months old, my mother took me to Odanak, Que., where my parents were born, and left me with her sister, Aunt Jessie and her husband, Uncle Levi. They had 6 children of their own and looked after me while my mother returned to New Hampshire to work for a period of time.
It was not long after that I became very ill and lapsed into a coma. One night, as they were watching over me and expecting that I would die, an old aunt of my mother's who was known as a healer, Marie-Jeanne Paquette (who was married to my grandmother's brother, Piel Nagageoa) arrived. She wrapped me in a blanket and took me to her little house on the reserve. She cured me.
I had two sisters and two brothers who died in infancy.
I grew up in Odanak. Life was different then. Most women were basket makers. The men were carvers, canoe makers and seasonal guides for hunting and fishing. There was no electricity or running water in the village. There was an earth road and we had a well, and a lot of loving care for all the children. I remember my Aunt Jessie saying “Lock the door; the anthropologist is coming.'' As I grew older, I would tell myself that this discipline must have been created just for the White man to find out everything about us.
In the early '40s, we lived in a small town. That is when I found out that I was poor. My life in those days was not so good. I was often beaten by the other children, and there was illness and hardship in my family. My mother, who had become more Catholic than the Pope, would drag me to church so many times a week I developed an affection for St. Joseph. Sometimes, after a beating, I would run into the church and stand in front of St. Joseph's statue. I would not ask for anything; I just liked being there with St. Joseph because he was a carpenter.
One day, in grade four, Mademoiselle Rheault, gave us our homework for the weekend, which was to read and learn a bible story. Monday came and there were 32 students in the class; I was at the end of the line. The teacher began to ask each student to tell the story, and it quickly became obvious that none of them had done their homework. The teacher was getting very angry by the time she got to me. I was getting excited because I knew the story well. Finally, it was my turn and I recited the story as if I were reading it. Her reaction was, “Why, you little sauvagesse! Get out of my classroom and go back where you came from!”
I picked up all my books and walked home. My parents asked why I was home so early. I said that I had been kicked out of school and they said, “You must have done something really bad.”
When my father, Herman Robert Obomsawin, heard what happened, he took me to see the school inspector. Obviously, I had to go back to school, and my father told the inspector that the teacher would have to apologize to me in front of the other students. I went back to school and she apologized. Later on I wondered what Mademoiselle Rheault's message was. Was it that I should not be allowed to learn?
My father worked as a guide for hunting and fishing at Lac La Pêche, near Grand-Mère in the Mauricie in the province of Quebec. I enjoyed the stories my father told, especially about bears. Both my parents had inherited knowledge of certain remedies to cure some illnesses; my father could help with skin diseases for my father, and my mother could help someone pass stones. All this was done in secret.
The year was 1942. I was ten years old. It was wartime. I remember standing on the sidewalk in Trois-Rivieres watching a runaway soldier going in and out of houses while two very big soldiers dressed in special uniforms searched for the man. I saw where he was, but I never told.
My father contracted tuberculosis of the bones. In the fall of that year, my mother would say, “Look out the window at the maple tree in the backyard. When all the leaves are gone, if your father is still here, it means we will have him for another year.” By the time the rain, the wind and the natural falling of the leaves would take place, I was very relieved when the last leaf would fall and my father was still here.
He died on Good Friday, 1944. He was 42 years old and I was 12. My mother was devastated. It would be nice if they were here now. In my young life, I kept on writing letters to my father and I thought I would meet him somewhere on the street.
I want to thank all the people who helped me through the hard times in my life.
Papa, the sun is rising
and I dance, can you see me?
Although I was there when they buried you…..
I kept on searching for you
I was 12 years old and you were 42
Life was very uncertain then
The hate kept on following me
And I kept on running
But the love within me
Was stronger than all the hate.
I survived, Papa, I won.
Because of my own experiences as a child, I did not want other children to have to go through the same things.
Over the years, I realized that there was something terribly wrong in the educational system, as I began to understand that the books written on the history of Canada were designed to create hate towards First Nations people, Metis and Inuit. It was strange because these books were written by religious people representing the church. I tried to figure out what I could do to influence changes in the system. I thought that the children had to hear a different story.
I could sing, I knew my history and I knew lots of stories. So I started working with the Boy Scouts. I travelled with groups of them into the countryside to sing, play games and tell stories. After that, I started going into schools; I toured hundreds of schools across Canada, including residential schools. I feel that this experience was one of the most significant things I have done in my life, because it provided the children with an insight into the true story.
Eventually, I became a documentary filmmaker and quickly realized the power of film to educate.
I also believe that “the word” is the main component of a story. This stems from when I was a child back in Odanak. In the evenings, oil lamps were the only light. We children would sit by the lamplight and listen to the stories that the adults would tell about our history, about the animal world and about their lives. Because there were no images, each child would hear the words and imagine their own pictures. Each child would have his or her own story.
When I started making films, for me “the word” was the most important thing for me. To hear and to listen. I listen for hours to the stories the people tell me and I am always fascinated to hear how they survive in such an unfriendly world. For me, to hear is to see.
But today, I am so thankful to have lived this long and to see the concern and the positive changes in the educational system. The best example that I've witnessed is Norway House (Kinosao Sipi), a reserve in northern Manitoba. Not without some challenges, Norway House has created an incredible model for teaching and learning for all children. Their work is featured in my latest film, Our People Will Be Healed.
What I feel today is more profound than hope. This is how I know we are going somewhere we have never been before. It is somewhere where there's love, family, a sense of belonging, and where no one is afraid.
A line of severe thunderstorms moved out of Texas and across the South on Monday, bringing flash flooding, power outages and wind damage.
Wind damage was reported in a band across central Louisiana and into southern Mississippi, although no injuries or deaths were immediately reported.
Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas in the morning. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state.
National Weather Service forecasters said that at least some of the damage may have been caused by tornadoes.
"It was obviously wind damage," said Johnathan Brazzell of the Weather Service's Lake Charles, Louisiana, office. "Whether it was straight-line winds or tornadoes, that will have to be determined through a field survey."
Louisiana utilities reported more than 45,000 customers without power early Monday afternoon, while Mississippi utilities reported power was out to more than 23,000 customers.
Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. A gust of 52 mph was reported at McComb, Mississippi, about 1 p.m. Monday.
It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas, especially along the Gulf Coast. Although flood warnings were posted for many areas, Brazzell said it appeared flooding would be "minor," with few impacts to structures.
The Storm Prediction Center in Norman, Oklahoma, said that 6.9 million people in large parts Louisiana, Mississippi and south Alabama is at the highest risk of storms Monday. The area included several large cities such as New Orleans; Jackson, Mississippi; and Mobile, Alabama.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Market research firm has announced the release of their latest report on the . This new report will provide expert market insights for the forecast period 2018-2022.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006002/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global cancer diagnostic devices market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
The report will follow up on Technavio's previous cancer diagnostic devices research, offering an up-to-date analysis of the market concerning the current market scenario, the latest trends and drivers, and the overall global environment. The report also provides new predictions for the forecast period based on an in-depth analysis of the market.
The upgraded research report on the cancer diagnostic devices market is an integral part of Technavio's portfolio. Technavio covers an extensive range of market research reports on the in-vitro diagnostics market, covering different regions and top industry segments. Some of the topics include clinical reference laboratory services, infectious disease diagnostic testing, bloodstream infection testing, liquid biopsy, tissue diagnostics, and autoimmune disease diagnostics.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
Save more with Technavio. Buy2 reports and get the third for FREE:
Opportunities for growth in the cancer diagnostic devices market
Technavio's previous report on the global cancer diagnostic devices market projected that the Americas showed the highest potential in 2015 with a market share of nearly 53% when compared to APAC and EMEA. The Americas comprise of many well-known medical facilities, which focus on targeted therapeutic methods to treat different types of cancers. The availability of a large number of medical facilities in the Americas led to the strong growth of this market.
In the previous report, a senior research analyst at Technavio stated, “The need for cost-cutting by pharma companies is a key market driver powering the growth of the cancer diagnostic devices market. From drug development, the pharmaceutical companies are shifting their focus to cancer diagnostic devices so that they can help in diagnosing, monitoring, and administering drugs through the cancer treatment process. These devices play a crucial role in helping pharmaceutical companies develop specific drugs to treat cancer. Increase in investments in diagnostic device development will enhance market growth.”
Technavio's new on the report on the will evaluate the key geographical regions and their behavior over the past four years, introducing new data and observations and providing new predictions.
Looking for the latest information on the global cancer diagnostic devices market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Detailed analysis at your fingertips
Some of the topics that will be revisited in the new report include:
Market size and growth rate through 2022 Top factors driving the market growth Emerging trends in the market Market opportunities and factors impeding growth
The report on the for the period 2018-2022 is available to order now and will be delivered within one week of purchase.
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006002/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD: NORTH AMERICA SOUTH AMERICA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY OTHER TECHNOLOGY PRACTICE MANAGEMENT HEALTH HOSPITALS MEDICAL DEVICES ONCOLOGY OTHER SCIENCE SCIENCE GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 11:12 AM/DISC: 05/30/2018 11:12 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006002/en
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround his suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when he tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. He later said he was trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for his love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while he was in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified him as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but he died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesman Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given his sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if he was killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune he handled, or that he was the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," he says.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
A 60-year-old pedestrian was seriously injured on Wednesday when he was hit by a car in Haifa.
Magen David Adom paramedics and evacuated him to the Rambam Hospital in the city.
Aside from questions like how the new Messages in iCloud feature works, a lot of people are wonder how secure it is. Apple just updated its iCloud security overview page to give us an idea.
[iCloud Messages FAQ: Here's What You Need to Know]
Messages in iCloud
As it turns out, Messages in iCloud is pretty secure. It uses end-to-end encryption just like certain other services like iCloud Keychain, Siri data, payment information, etc. From the page:
Messages in iCloud also uses end-to-end encryption. If you have iCloud Backup turned on, a copy of the key protecting your Messages is included in your backup. This ensures you can recover your Messages if you've lost access to iCloud Keychain and your trusted devices. When you turn off iCloud Backup, a new key is generated on your device to protect future messages and it is not stored by Apple.
What this means is that all of your messages are encrypted by a key generated using your device's passcode. This makes it inaccessible to Apple and other third parties. But there's a caveat.
If you enable iCloud Backup, that encryption key is included. It sounds like a copy of might also be stored in iCloud Keychain. That means if Apple is served a warrant by law enforcement, your iCloud Backup, along with all of its data, can be accessed. But this has always been true of iCloud Backup; the inclusion of Messages in iCloud hasn't changed this fact.
Essentially, if you've trusted Apple with your personal data so far, you can continue to do so. If you're a person who's worried about law enforcement/government access, chances are you're using a different messaging app like Signal.
[iOS: How to Send Links in iMessage Without the Rich Preview]
Around 9 p.m., Friday, deputies conducted a traffic stop at California Court and West Virginia Trail in Lake Granbury Harbor, said Public Information Officer Lt. Johnny Rose. They found Kyle Jameson Hand, 34, of Walnut Springs in possession of just under 4 grams of methamphetamine. Hand is charged with possession of a controlled substance.
NEW YORK (AP) — Queens of the Stone Age frontman Joshua Homme has apologized for second time after a photographer said he kicked her camera while she photographed the band's concert.
Homme says in a video posted to his band's Facebook page early Monday that he doesn't have any excuse or reason to justify what I did."
Photographer Chelsea Lauren said on Instagram that she sought medical treatment after the camera smashed into her face from the kick Saturday night at a radio station's annual Christmas event. Video posted to social media shows Homme swinging his leg and connecting with the camera while playing guitar at the Forum near Los Angeles.
Homme first apologized Sunday, saying he was "in a state of being lost in performance" and thought he was kicking lighting equipment.
He says in the new video that he's "truly sorry and I hope you're OK." He adds, "I've made a lot of mistakes in my life ... I want to be a good man but I think last night I definitely failed at that."
____
Online:
Homme's video apology: https://www.facebook.com/pg/QOTSA/posts/?ref=page_internal
Sen. Terry Wanzek, R-Jamestown, tried to attach an amendment to the North Dakota Department of Transportation budget bill requiring the agency to keep all of the state's shops in operation through mid-2019. The amendment would also provide for a legislative study of the shops' proposed closure "and the impact of services in the areas affected," as well as the possibility of cooperating with local political subdivisions.
The amendment ultimately failed and the budget passed the Senate Appropriations Committee Tuesday morning. Wanzek said he intends to try to amend the bill on the Senate floor.
Wanzek said he wasn't enthusiastic about micromanaging the DOT, but "the outcry that I've heard from members in my district that have these shops in their area, it is overwhelming."
"I just feel that this is something, that in representing the people of my district, that I have to bring forward," he added.
The amended DOT budget includes a $66.4 million reduction in operating expenses from the $295.8 million included in the base budget, a 22 percent decrease. It also decreases the full-time equivalent positions in the department by 31.5, from 1,080.5 to 1,049.
Jamie Olson, a DOT spokeswoman, said the proposed consolidation of eight maintenance "sections" into neighboring facilities would save about $2.1 million in the coming two-year budget cycle. She said the buildings are aging and today's snowplows can cover more miles.
"They're able to do more than they were before," Olson said. "Those rural roads that some of these sections lie on, there's still going to be service. They're just going to be serviced out of the next shop over."
The shops slated for closure are in Starkweather, Finley, Fessenden, Gackle, Litchville, New England, Courtenay and Mayville, Olson said. There are 67 section shops across the state, Olson said, along with with additional shops at the eight main district locations.
Sen. Gary Lee, R-Casselton, said the DOT was asked to "look at their budgets critically just like everyone else was." Olson said the department saw a 13 percent decline in 2015 in highway tax distribution revenues, a main source of funding for operations, because of a slower economy and lower fuel tax collections.
"We ask them to seek out efficiencies, and then we tell them we don't want them," Lee said in arguing against Wanzek's amendment.
But Sen. John Grabinger, D-Jamestown, there has been a "grassroots effort" with petitions attempting to persuade lawmakers and department officials.
"They're going out to every farm and everything, getting these signatures," he said. "It is important to these people."
FILE - In this June 18, 2015 file photo, Charleston, S.C., shooting suspect Dylann Storm Roof is escorted from the Cleveland County Courthouse in Shelby, N.C. The Jury convicted Dylann Roof in racially motivated slayings of 9 black church members in South Carolina, Thursday, Dec. 15, 2016. (AP Photo/Chuck Burton, File)
CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — The same jury that last month unanimously found Dylann Roof guilty in the slayings of nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church is returning to court to begin contemplating his punishment.
With the 22-year-old representing himself, the process is sure to be unconventional. But even if Roof is sentenced to death, it's highly unlikely he'd be executed anytime soon.
While prosecutors plan to call up to 38 people related to the nine people killed and three who survived the June 2015 slaughter during Bible study at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, Roof said last week he plans on calling no witnesses and presenting no evidence.
Roof was found guilty last month on 33 federal charges, including hate crimes and obstruction of the practice of religion. A jury took less than three hours to return its verdict, and a judge dismissed the jury for a break over the holidays.
Typically in what's known as the sentencing phase, defense attorneys call relatives and other witnesses to testify about their client's unsteady state of mind before and during the crimes. Given that background, the defense hopes, a jury might be more likely to spare the defendant's life and opt against the death penalty.
But Roof, who is acting as his own attorney, has said he plans to do no such thing.
In his journal, which was read in court during his trial, Roof said his doesn't believe in psychology, which he called "a Jewish invention" that "does nothing but invent diseases and tell people they have problems when they don't."
Roof also seems to be determined to try to keep evidence embarrassing to him or his family out. Not only did he take over his own defense, but he asked the judge at a hearing Wednesday if he could file a motion limiting what prosecutors can introduce.
Roof also was adamant that a transcript of a hearing where he was found mentally competent not be released to the public.
"I know this is not a legal argument, but the unsealing of the competency hearing defeats the purpose of me representing myself," Roof said at last week's hearing.
Neither Roof, nor U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel nor prosecutors have given specifics on the evidence Roof is objecting to.
On Thursday, Gergel ordered another competency evaluation of Roof "in an abundance of caution," after his standby counsel filed a sealed motion again questioning Roof's mental ability to proceed. The judge's order specified he saw no reason to delay Tuesday's start of the penalty phase.
Roof's lawyers tried repeatedly both to stop him from being his own lawyer and to work mental health-related evidence into the first phase of his trial, saying they feared Roof fired them because he feared the attorneys would present evidence that would embarrass him when trying to save his life.
Prosecutors objected at every turn, and Gergel wouldn't allow any of it into court, ruling mitigation evidence is allowable during sentencing and not before.
Court papers show prosecutors are expected to present evidence showing that Roof picked his victims because of their race, killed them to incite more violence, showed no remorse and killed three particularly vulnerable people who were 70 years old or older.
Evidence speaking to Roof's mental state, one expert argues, could make the difference between life and death.
"The Dylann Roof case is a classic example of the type of problem you can have when an obviously mentally ill or emotionally disturbed defendant is permitted to represent himself," said Robert Dunham, executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center. "There's a huge difference in the eyes of a jury between someone they perceive as evil or despicable and someone they perceive as being seriously mentally ill. ... If you take mental health out of it, you are putting a thumb on the scale of death."
Both the judge's decision to allow Roof to represent himself and waive the introduction of mental health evidence are sure to be raised in an inevitable appeal, Dunham argued.
Roof also faces nine murder charges in state court, where prosecutors have also said they will seek the death penalty in a trial likely to begin sometime next year.
Whether he's sentenced to death or not, it's unlikely Roof would be executed anytime soon, in either jurisdiction. The federal government hasn't executed anyone since 2003, and there are years of appeals between a death sentence being levied and carried out.
South Carolina's death chamber hasn't been used since 2011, due at least in part to a lack of availability for the drugs the state uses for lethal injection.
___
Associated Press writer Jeffrey Collins contributed to this report.
___
Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of her work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ .
Transcript for What new moms should know about a postpartum diet
He's.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The toll in the first deluge of the monsoon reached five on Wednesday, with deaths of three more persons reported from different parts of the city on Wednesday, the Kamrup (Metro) district administration said.
Two persons, including a school student, were electrocuted on Tuesday during the flash floods. Their bodies were recovered on Wednesday morning.
An elderly woman died in Nabin Nagar area of the city as no ambulance could reach her house when she suffered a heart attack on Tuesday night.
Nabin Nagar is one of the most water-logged areas in the city where the district administration officials had to run rubber rafts to evacuate people from their marooned houses.
The residents of Guwahati city had to struggle with the floods for the second day on Wednesday as many houses remained submerged till late in the evening in different parts of the city. Schools, colleges and other educational institutions remained closed for the second day.
Meanwhile, Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal has offered his condolences on the tragic loss of lives and directed the Deputy Commissioner of Kamrup (Metro) district to personally hand over Rs 4 lakh ex-gratia payment to the next of kin of those killed.
The Chief Minister has been keeping a close watch on the situation and has directed the district administration, District Disaster Management Authority and Guwahati Development Department to be ready with relief materials and to reach out to the affected people in case of any exigency.
He also instructed all concerned officials to visit the affected areas and take stock of the situation and extend all possible help to the affected.
Bollywood star Kangana Ranaut opened up about her love life and said she has had so many affairs but still after every break-up, she feels like this is the end of her life. She further added that she has never gotten the chance to dump anyone. It has always been her who has been dumped. Taking a dig at her exes, Kangana said that if she called out some names then the audience will be shocked that even this loser has dumped her.
Be it talking about the practice of Nepotism in Bollywood to openly talking about her exes in media, Kangana Ranaut is known to speak her heart out. In a conversation with News18 at the Rising India Summit, the leading lady talked about her love life, failed relationships and exes. “I've had so many affairs. And after every break-up, I feel like this is the end of my life. This has happened whether I'm 16 or 31,” Manikarnika star Kangana said.
“It's an amazing experience you feel in every cell of your body, as if it's is awakened, even if the person is not around. My boyfriends have asked me ‘how do you know everything about my life. It's black magic. It's telepathic.' It's how I love. And if my love is psycho, then it's fine. I'll find someone else. I am fine being called a witch,” she said taking a dig at her ex Adhayan Suman. Talking about break-ups, Kangana revealed that she has never been a heartbreaker. “I've never gotten the chance or had the privilege to dump anyone. I was always the one who got dumped. If I told you some of the names, you'd be shocked that even this loser has dumped me. They come back but then I can't take them back, because by then I've moved on to another loser, Kangana added.
Also Read: Priyanka Chopra teaches lesson to sexist reporter who questioned her take on gender equality
On the work front, Kangana Ranaut will be next seen in Manikarnika: The Queen of Jhansi. In the film, the diva will be essaying the role of 19th century queen of Jhansi and freedom fighter Rani Laxmibai. The diva is currently shooting for her another upcoming film Mental Hai Kya co-starring Rajkummar Rao.
Also Read: Here's how Ranveer Singh landed his Bollywood debut in Band Baaja Baaraat
Also Read: October Theme: Varun Dhawan starrer creates musical symphony; all thanks to Shantanu Moitra's music
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
04:13 Reported News Briefs Av 23, 5777 , 15/08/17 Av 23, 5777 , 15/08/17 North Korea's Kim puts Guam attack on hold North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is holding off on attacking Guam – for now. Kim received a report from his army on its plans to fire missiles toward Guam on Monday night, and said he will watch the actions of the United States for a while longer before making a decision, Reuters reported, citing the North's official news agency KCNA. Read more ► ◄ Last Briefs
On Wednesday, KPCB partner Mary Meeker released her 2018 Internet Trends report—a 294-slide presentation examining the global impact of the internet on the economy, and how it is changing the daily lives of users.
While the report is focused heavily on the consumer side of tech, there are some key trends that impact the business world. Technology companies represent 25% of the overall US market cap, and that number is growing, as noted on slide 39. Additionally, six of the top 15 CapEx and R&D spenders in the US are tech companies, the report found.
As technology continues to impact the US and world economies, certain aspects of the field will be especially important for business professionals to keep up with. Here are five of the most important things in Meeker's report for professionals to take note of.
SEE: IT leader's guide to achieving digital transformation (Tech Pro Research)
1. Internet is impacting, disrupting jobs
Technology disruption is nothing new in the workplace, but the pace at which it is happening is accelerating, as noted on slide 142 of the report. The rapid adoption of the internet coupled with massive growth in storage and compute power is rapidly shifting day-to-day work in every industry.
Technology also makes it easier for freelance workers to find jobs, and freelance work is growing at a faster pace than traditional work. On-demand workers are in high demand, and are growing in number. Immigration is also essential for creating new tech jobs, as 56% of the highest-valued tech firms were founded by first or second generation Americans, as noted on slide 289.
2. Consumers keep moving to mobile
While this may sound like a broken record, customers keep moving to mobile, and they don't seem to be slowing down. Mobile shopping and mobile payment apps are providing better online and in-store experiences, and many services—including mobile app-based ones— are shifting from one-time purchases to subscription models. Mobile shopping apps alone have experience 6% year-over-year growth, the report noted. The next generation of retail includes mobile technology and in-store retail, furthering the omnichannel ideal some companies are striving for.
3. AI everywhere
Artificial intelligence (AI) platforms are growing in prominence, brought to light by cloud leaders such as Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Google Cloud Platform (GCP). This includes hardware tools for GPU acceleration, and APIs for features such as natural language processing and computer vision.
Based on a Morgan Stanley CIO survey cited in Meeker's report, AI isn't an enormous priority for increased spend, but it is "rapidly rising." Meeker quoted Google CEO Sundar Pichai, who said that "AI is one of the most important things that humanity is working on." The US and China are the two biggest players in AI right now, according to the report.
4. The privacy paradox
One of the most poignant points that Meeker noted was the rise of the "privacy paradox," wherein internet giants are using personal data to make services better and cheaper, increasing both user engagement and regulatory scrutiny.
Following the Cambridge Analytica controversy at Facebook and the advent of GDPR, companies have to walk a fine line between personalizing their products and services and remaining in good favor with consumers, watchdog groups, and regulators. Companies must understand the unintended consequences of their products, and regulators must understand the unintended consequences of regulations, Meeker said in the report.
5. Enterprise messaging improves productivity, collaboration
Consumerization has reshaped what enterprises expect from their tech tools, with Dropbox and Slack being two of the best examples, Meeker noted in the report.
One particular aspect of consumer products that is also exploding in the enterprise is messaging threads. These threads help organize information and the teams that need it, while also providing context and history, Meeker's report said. Tools like Slack can shorten the onboarding process, eliminate many email conversations, and help development teams get to market faster than before.
Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Executive Briefing newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said Thursday it's unacceptable and appalling that more than 8,000 children were killed and injured in conflicts last year from Syria and Yemen to Congo and Afghanistan and urged combatants to do more to protect boys and girls.
The U.N. chief said in his annual report on Children and Armed Conflict, obtained by The Associated Press, that the United Nations verified 3,512 child casualties in Afghanistan, more than 40 percent of the total and “the highest number ever recorded” in the country.
Guterres said the recruitment and use of children in conflict more than doubled in Somalia and Syria compared with 2015. And the U.N. verified 169 incidents affecting at least 1,022 youngsters in South Sudan, more than 60 percent of them recruited and used by government security forces, he said.
Extremist groups
The secretary-general said the number of violations against children committed by extremist groups — al-Shabab, Boko Haram, the Islamic State and the Taliban — totaled more than 6,800.
U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement that Guterres is appalled not only by the more than 8,000 youngsters killed and injured and the recruitment of children but by sexual violence against girls and boys and attacks on schools and hospitals.
“A child killed, recruited as a soldier, injured in an attack or prevented from going to school due to a conflict is already one too many,” said Virginia Gamba, the U.N. special representative for children and armed conflict.
The report contains a blacklist of government forces and rebel groups that recruit, use, kill, maim, rape, sexually abuse or abduct children in armed conflict or attack schools and hospitals.
For the first time this year, Guterres divided the list in two parts, one naming parties that have not taken any action to improve the protection of children, and one listing parties “that have put in place measures.”
​Saudi-led coalition
This year's list, which AP obtained and reported on Wednesday, was eagerly awaited because last year the Saudi Arabia-led coalition fighting rebels in Yemen was put on the blacklist but removed by then-Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon under intense pressure from the Saudis.
Guterres put the coalition on this year's list of parties that are taking action to protect children, a decision welcomed Thursday by Human Rights Watch, Save the Children and the Watchlist on Children and Armed Conflict.
The secretary-general said in the report that “the coalition's actions objectively led to the listing for the killing and maiming of children, with 683 child casualties attributed to this party, and as a result of being responsible for 38 verified incidents, for attacks on schools and hospitals during 2016.”
The secretary-general said there were 1,340 verified child casualties in Yemen, more than 50 percent of the deaths and injuries caused by the U.S.-backed coalition.
In talks with Saudi Arabia, Guterres said, its government told the U.N. the coalition took measures to reduce the impact of the conflict on children by changing rules of engagement and establishing a team to review all incidents involving civilian casualties and identify corrective actions.
“These initiatives are steps in the right direction,” Guterres said. “Nevertheless, I urge the coalition to improve its approach since, despite these measures, grave violations against children continued at unacceptably high levels in 2016.”
Dujarric said the secretary-general spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia on Thursday. The country's U.N. ambassador has scheduled a press conference Friday.
Human rights groups
Human rights groups echoed Guterres' concerns.
Jo Becker, children's rights advocacy director at Human Rights Watch, said: “The coalition needs to stop making empty promises to exercise caution, take concrete action to stop these deadly unlawful attacks in Yemen, and allow desperately needed fuel and aid to reach those in need.”
Save the Children Director Debra Jones said all parties fighting in Yemen “must sit up and take notice and take action, as must those countries that are supporting or arming them.”
“The world must make sure the violations end,” she said.
Eva Smets, Watchlist's executive director, said the Saudi-led coalition is now one of 64 parties listed for violating children's rights and the U.N. must work with all these parties “to ensure these horrific violations of vulnerable children are never repeated.”
[Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: Science and Technology
It's a real life scene right out of reel life!
Hindi films “Karma” and “Do Aankhen Barah Haath” showed convicts being taken out of prison to be reformed. Now, in Shimla's first Book Cafe, inmates of a sub-jail are trained by a renowned hotel to serve cookies and pizza they have baked.
The cafe, with a seating capacity of 40 and constructed at a cost of Rs 20 lakh, was opened by Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh last week.
It is located right above the Ridge — once the promenade for the British colonial rulers when this city was their summer capital — and on the way to the famed Jakhu temple.
The four who run the cafe are Jai Chand, Yog Raj, Ram Lal and Raj Kumar, all of whom are serving life imprisonment at the Kaithu jail near Shimla, Director General (Prisons) Somesh Goyal told IANS.
The first-of-its-kind cafe in the country is funded by the state's Tourism Department. It is open daily from 10 am until 9 pm at night, the prisoners return to the jail.
Goyal, who has also been credited with reforming prisoners through music, said employing prisoners at the cafe was an attempt to rehabilitate them.
“This cafe has given us the chance to connect to the world,” Jai Chand told IANS.
Another beaming jail inmate, Yog Raj, said this cafe had given them a chance to get employment once they walk out of the prison.
“This is being run by four of us independently. Even the visitors, the locals, don't show any apprehension while interacting with us. Indeed, they are keen to know more about our radical transformation,” he added.
Most of the time, the cafe, which offers free Wi-Fi access, is occupied by visitors reading books on wildlife, environment, tourism and Shimla's history while sipping coffee.
It has books of authors like Chetan Bhagat, Nikita Singh, and French novelist Jules Verne, besides educational books, magazines and newspapers.
“The cafe has a good collection of books of national and international authors,” Shimla Deputy Mayor Tikender Panwar said.
For tourist Rewti Menon and her husband John Philip, it was a unique experience to interact with the prisoners.
“This cafe has given them another opportunity to live with dignity. Such experiments with an extensive support network will deter them from returning to crime,” Philip said.
Last year, 10 inmates of the Central Jail in Nahan in Sirmaur district performed at the Gaiety Theatre here at a public function.
And the Chief Minister was among those who enjoyed their performance.
According to jail authorities, five of the 10 prisoners are undergoing life sentence for murder and two are facing trial under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act.
Special music classes were organised by prison authorities for almost a month to train the inmates in singing and playing instruments.
They sang Himachali folk songs, qawwali and Sufiana songs of Bollywood movies.
Anti-nuclear campaign ICAN wins 2017 Nobel Peace Prize
STOCKHOLM: Nuclear disarmament group ICAN won the Nobel Peace Prize for its decade-long campaign to rid the world of the atomic bomb as nuclear-fuelled crises swirl over North Korea and Iran.
More than 70 years since atomic bombs were used on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the Nobel committee sought to highlight ICAN's tireless non-proliferation efforts. The decision sent a strong message to US President Donald Trump, who has threatened to tear up a 2015 deal curbing Iran's nuclear programme and who last month alarmed delegates at the UN General Assembly by warning he may be forced to “totally destroy” North Korea over Pyongyang's nuclear programme.
ICAN “is receiving the award for its work to draw attention to the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons and for its ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons,” said Norwegian Nobel committee president Berit Reiss-Andersen in announcing the prize in Oslo. “We live in a world where the risk of nuclear weapons being used is greater than it has been for a long time,” she said.
Founded in Vienna in 2007 on the fringes of an international conference on the nuclear non-proliferation treaty, ICAN (the International Coalition to Abolish Nuclear Weapons) has mobilised campaigners and celebrities alike in its cause. It was a key player in the adoption of a historic nuclear weapons ban treaty, signed by 122 countries in July. However, the accord was largely symbolic as none of the nine known world nuclear powers signed up to it.
The coalition of hundreds of NGOs says its main objective is the adoption of an international treaty banning nuclear weapons, along the lines of earlier agreements forbidding the use of biological and chemical weapons, landmines and cluster munitions. “A global ban on nuclear weapons is long overdue,” the organisation says on its website. Despite July's success, ICAN is not resting on its laurels.
“We're not done yet… The job isn't done until nuclear weapons are gone,” ICAN chief Beatrice Fihn told AFP this week.
Its high-profile supporters include form UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon, Nobel laureate Desmond Tutu and singer and artist Yoko Ono. “I can imagine a world without nuclear weapons, and I support ICAN,” reads a message from the Dalai Lama on the site. Actor and activist Martin Sheen meanwhile suggests that “if Gandhi and Martin Luther King Jr were alive today, they would be part of ICAN.” Friday's award – the climax to a week of prize-giving honouring the world's leading lights in fields from physics and medicine to literature – comes as another non-proliferation deal, Iran's 2015 accord with world powers, is under increasing pressure from Trump.
The US leader has threatened to bin the Iran nuclear agreement altogether, saying Tehran is developing missiles that may be used to deliver a nuclear warhead when the deal's restrictions are lifted in 2025. He is due to report to Congress by October 15 on whether Iran is still complying with the deal and whether it remains in US interests to stick by it. Tensions between the US and North Korea, which has test-fired two missiles over Japan and conducted a string of apparent underground nuclear tests this year, have raised the risk of a nuclear confrontation to its highest level in decades.
“This year's Peace Prize is also a call upon these states to initiate serious negotiations with a view to the gradual, balanced and carefully monitored elimination of the almost 15,000 nuclear weapons in the world,” said Reiss-Andersen. More than 300 people and organisations were thought to have been nominated for this year's Peace Prize, including the UN's refugee agency UNHCR, Syria's White Helmets rescue service and Congolese doctor Denis Mukwege.
The Peace Prize, which comes with a golden medal and a cheque for nine million Swedish kronor (943,000 euros, $1.1 million) will be presented in Oslo on December 10, the anniversary of the death of its founder, Swedish businessman and philanthropist Alfred Nobel.
"Everyone has forgotten about the village atmosphere but Sukumar has rightly captured the emotions of the people and village politics, said Chiranjeevi while discussing his son Ram Charan's movie, Rangasthalam. The 62-year-old actor made his television debut by hosting the fourth season of Meelo Evaru Koteewarudu.
Khaidi No. 150 actor Chiranjeevi while attending an event of the action drama Rangasthalam in Visakhapatnam said, “Everyone has forgotten about the village atmosphere but Sukumar has rightly captured the emotions of the people and village politics. May be because he comes from a village, he has been able to narrate the film in a more authentic way. I am confident that this film will receive a National Award, and if it doesn't, it will be a big injustice to the film.”
The movie that star cast Chiranjeevi's son, Ram Charan is seen sharing the screen with Samantha Akkineni. The 62-year-old actor also revealed that he has already seen the film. “From the beginning to the end, it is enthralling and I hope everyone likes it. For me, my film Khaidi took me to another level and Rangasthalam will do the same for Ram Charan,” said Chiranjeevi, who is jealous of his son for getting this amazing opportunity. “At the same time, I feel proud as a father,” he stated.
ALSO READ: Irrfan Khan shares ‘philosophical' post as he undergoes treatment in London
Chiranjeevi was also rewarded Padma Bhushan from the Government of India in 2006. The actor made his television debut by hosting the fourth season of Meelo Evaru Koteewarudu which aired for the first time on February 13, 2017. He is also a part of Telugu version of game show Kaun Banega Crorepati which will be telecasted from Monday to Thursday at 9:30 pm.
ALSO READ: Revealed! Sara Ali Khan to pair with Ranveer Singh in Rohit Shetty's Simmba
ALSO READ: Alia Bhatt gets injured in Bulgaria on sets of Ayan Mukerji's Brahmastra
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
BOSTON (AP) — Reigning New York City Marathon winner Shalane Flanagan will run in Boston next year in a fourth attempt to win her hometown race.
The four-time Olympian and reigning Chicago Marathon champion will be joined on the men's side by Galen Rupp in a field of elite Americans announced Monday by race sponsor John Hancock. Olympians Desiree Linden, Dathan Ritzenhein, Abdi Abdirahman, Deena Kastor and Molly Huddle also are signed up for the 122nd edition of the world's oldest annual marathon, which is being held April 16.
Last month, Flanagan became the first American woman to win New York since 1977. No U.S. woman has won Boston since 1985. But last year the Americans had their best finishes since then, grabbing two of the top four women's spots and six of the top ten for men.
He was also concerned with the patients' parents, spending time, for example, to understand the effects that a neurologically damaged child's condition had on their marriage and finances. And if he could not give them hope, he gave them answers.
“He told me the worst news in the most loving way,” Amy Gleicher said in a telephone interview, recalling Dr. Gold's diagnosis concerning her year-old son, Max, in the 1993. “He told me my son was mentally retarded in such a way that I had dignity and my child had value.”
Dr. Gold continued his humane approach as advances like M.R.I.'s and CT scans revolutionized medicine. But he became distressed in the 1970s and '80s, he said, as he watched students and other doctors become too focused on technology and not enough on the people they were treating.
Photo
“So one day in 1988,” he said in the 2016 interview, “I was making rounds with the students and residents and a student presented me ‘the brain tumor in 209.' And I said: ‘The brain tumor? Isn't there a child involved in this? Tell me about the child, tell me about the family. Tell me how this is impacting on the family. Do you know any of this?' ” They did not, he said.
At home that night, he told his wife of his concerns about where medicine was headed. As he recalled, she told him, “You know, Arnold, I'm tired of you griping about medicine. Do something about it or shut up.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They began the Arnold P. Gold Foundation together in Englewood Cliffs, N.J., in 1988, hoping to clone Dr. Gold's humane approach to patient engagement. They started white-coat ceremonies at medical schools in which students pledge the Hippocratic oath in the early days of their education, rather than at graduation, as is common practice. Dr. Gold felt that graduation was too late to set expectations for the clinicians they would become.
“This should be established at Day 1,” he said in the interview.
Arnold Perlman Gold was born in Manhattan on Aug. 8, 1925. His father, Michael, a Jewish native of Dublin, and his mother, the former Rebecca Perlman, were lawyers. As a youngster, young Arnold read “Arrowsmith,” Sinclair Lewis's 1925 novel about a doctor's search for truth.
“Arnold was very idealistic and wanted to save the world,” Dr. Mandelbaum said, “and he was very impacted by that book.”
In 1938, when Arthur was 13, his father died, and his mother sent him to live with an aunt in Galveston, Tex., believing that he might get a better chance at an education there. He attended the University of Texas, Austin, but left to serve stateside in World War II as a Navy corpsman.
He later graduated from the University of Texas, studied for a master's at the University of Florida in Gainesville, and earned his medical degree from the University of Lausanne in Switzerland.
During his internship at Charity Hospital in New Orleans, Dr. Gold tended to 30 children with polio who were in iron lungs. His mentor there, Dr. Margaret Smith, “taught me a lot about patient-centered care, and she also led me into the field of pediatrics,” he said in 2016.
“I was originally going to be an internist, an endocrinologist,” he said.
When he was chief resident at Cincinnati Children's Hospital, part of his work placed him in Dr. Albert Sabin's laboratory while Dr. Sabin was developing the oral polio vaccine. While in Cincinnati, Dr. Gold rode horseback for the Frontier Nursing Service to treat people in rural Kentucky.
He returned to New York as visiting chief resident at the Babies Hospital at the NewYork Presbyterian-Columbia University campus (now Morgan Stanley Children's Hospital) before beginning his long career at Columbia in child neurology.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Dr. Gold lived with facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy, which affected his muscles later in his life and made it difficult for him to breathe. He treated patients until he was 88 and spoke at last year's white-coat ceremony at the College of Physicians and Surgeons at Columbia.
Besides his wife, the former Sandra Orenberg, who has a doctorate in counseling, he is survived by two daughters, Amelia Gold and Maggie Gold Seelig; a stepdaughter, Jennifer Arnold; a stepson, Stephen Silver; and 13 grandchildren. His stepson Jeffrey Silver died in 2010.
Dr. Gold recalled that in creating his foundation, his goal was to change the course of medical education.
“My colleagues were very distressed,” he recalled in the 2016 interview. “They looked at me as sort of, ‘What's happening to Arnold?' And one of them even said to me, ‘I think you're smoking opium,' and, ‘How could you ever believe that you can change medicine?' People were not very encouraging.”
But 30 years later, the foundations said, more than 170 medical schools, osteopathic and physicians assistants hold white-coat ceremonies annually. More than 260 nursing schools hold similar gatherings.
The foundation has also inducted 30,000 students, residents and faculty into its Gold Humanism Honor Society to recognize their compassionate patient care. The designation became prestigious enough for medical students to include it in applications for residencies.
Dr. Darrell G. Kirch, the president and chief executive of the Association of American Medical Colleges, said in an email that the honor society “demonstrates that, increasingly, the medical profession recognizes humanistic attributes such as empathy and compassion as being every bit as important as academic achievement.”
He added, “This is just one more element of Dr. Gold's outstanding legacy.”
Tahiti has been suspended as a member of the Pacific Games Council (PGC) for "political interference" after the Government boycotted the Pacific Mini Games in Vanuatu.
The unanimous decision was made during the PGC Annual General Assembly, held as part of the Pacific Mini Games in Port Vila.
The country's suspension will officially come into effect following the Closing Ceremony of the Games on Friday (December 15).
It will remain in place "until the PGC Executive Board is convinced that this political interference has ceased", the PGC said in a statement.
"The General Assembly of the PGC unanimously agreed to suspend the membership of the Tahiti Nui Pacific Games Association (COPF) due to the French Polynesian Government's interference in the autonomy and independence of sporting associations, which calumniated in its decision to boycott the Vanuatu 2017 Pacific Mini Games," the statement read.
There has been row between the PGC and the Tahiti Government over who should represent the country's boxers at the event following claims that they were being endorsed by a rival federation.
The dispute led to the Tahiti Government refusing to send a full delegation to the Games.
It means athletes will be forced to take part as neutrals.
Solomon Islands claimed a one-two in the women's 10,000m ©Vanuatu 2017
Boxers from the nation are set to compete later this week, although they will do so under the PGC flag.
Tahiti was also due to send a rugby sevens team but they withdrew at short notice.
It follows a decision from a local court to annul the results of the COPF elections last year.
The PGC then confirmed they would only accept entries from national governing bodies in the country recognised by their respective International Federations.
The organisation had earlier warned in a statement that they would not entertain the prospect of unsanctioned athletes competing at the Mini Games.
Hosts Vanuatu enjoyed a good day on the track as action resumed at the Pacific Mini Games.
Simon Charley led home a one-two for Vanuatu in the men's 10,000 metres as he clocked a time of 34min 05.91sec.
Armon Napuat came second in 34:07.84, with bronze going to Papua New Guinea's Simbai Kaspar.
Solomon Islands repeated the feat in the women's 10,000m as multiple continental champion Sharon Firisua triumphed in 39:25.4
Firisua's compatriot Dianah Matekali earned silver in 40:34.80, and New Caledonia's Celine Hirzel bronze.
The Pacific Mini Games is due to continue tomorrow.
A new malware campaign is making its way into businesses through a malicious PowerPoint email attachment, Trend Micro research has found. According to blog post, CVE-2017-0199 traditionally utilizes RTF documents, and this is the first time it has been seen to abuse PowerPoint Slide Show in the wild.
The malware comes in an email that appears to be from a company that manufactures cables. The email tells the recipient to see the order and asks for them to quote cost, insurance, and freight (CIF) and free on board (FOB) prices as well. Due to the targeted nature of the email, as the criminals are typically going after electronics companies, the post said, the email is being considered a spear phishing attack.
In the sample email provided by Trend Micro, the attachment is titled PO-483848.ppsx. In that case, PO could be short for purchase order, in an effort to increase the perceived legitimacy of the PowerPoint file.
SEE: 10 ways to minimize fileless malware infections
If the victim opens the attached file, there will be no purchase order, not even any fake text attempting to be one. It simply reads: CVE-2017-8570. That's the name of another Microsoft vulnerability, the post said, but not the one that this particular malware is targeting.
PowerPoint then initializes a script moniker and runs the malicious payload, the post said. If successful, it will download an XML file from the internet. Some JavaScript code in that XML file runs a PowerShell command that downloads and executes a remote access tool.
At this point, the attackers will be able to run remote commands on the victim's machine. "The tool's capabilities are quite comprehensive, and includes a download & execute command, a keylogger, a screen logger, and recorders for both webcam and microphone," the post said.
The biggest issue for this given attack is the fact that it comes by way of a PowerPoint file. Most current detection methods focus on the RTF delivery method, so that means attackers utilizing the PPSX files could have an easier time avoiding antivirus detection, the post said.
To protect against attacks like this one, businesses should make sure that their systems are properly patched and updated to account for any known vulnerabilities. Also, users should be regularly educated on proper security hygiene and email etiquette.
The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers
A new spear phishing campaign is using PowerPoint files to exploit the CVE-2017-0199 and deliver malware to victims. If a user clicks on the attached file, it will run a remote access tool, and could allow attackers access to a user's keystrokes, screen, webcam, and microphone. IT should keep systems update and educate users on the proper behavior regarding attachments and emails from outside parties.
Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Cybersecurity Insider newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
- Click image for a larger image
The tactical positioning of each boat in comparison to the rest of the fleet will be important over the next 48 Hours.
Sail slower but less distance, faster but further or just stay in the middle of the fleet and push the boat and with Leg 7 counting for double points, the action is guaranteed to be closer than ever.
Volvo Ocean Race - Leg 7 - Monday 19 March @ 19:00 UTC
1. Vestas 11th Hour Racing -- distance to finish -- 6,216 nautical miles
2. Team Brunel + 1.5 nm
3. MAPFRE + 4.2 nm
4. Turn the Tide on Plastic + 5.8 nm
5. team AkzoNobel + 9.5 nm
6. Dongfeng Race Team + 9.6 nm
7. Sun Hung Kai/Scallywag + 21.2 nm
Follow Sailweb on Facebook - Click here
Follow Sailweb on Twitter - Click here
G New
19 March 2018 19:06 GMT
Jim Harris has been WYSH's News & Sports Director since 2000. In addition to reporting local news, he is the play-by-play voice for Clinton High School football, boys' and girls' basketball and baseball. Catch Jim live weekdays beginning at 6:20 am for live local news, sports, weather and traffic plus the Community Bulletin Board, shenanigans with Ron Meredith and more on the Country Club Morning Show on WYSH & WQLA. Jim lives in Clinton with his wife Kelly and daughter Carolina, his mother-in-law and cats Lucius and Oliver.
5-Year-Old Girl Shot During New Year's Eve Party
by Jeff Sanders
Authorities say a 5-year-old girl was shot and killed during a New Year's Eve party in Athens.
Local media report that Limestone County Sheriff Mike Blakely says officers went to a home a few minutes after midnight and found the girl shot in the chest.
A news release from the sheriff says investigators determined that a man, identified as Fidel Rodriguez, was suspected of firing several rounds into the yard where the girl was found.
The sheriff says they don't believe at this time that it was an intentional shooting.
The release says Rodriguez left the scene before deputies arrived but was found at his home Sunday morning. He was taken into custody but no charges have been filed.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
US Ambassador to Israel David Friedman delivered a speech on the opening night of the Global Forum for Combating Antisemitism, which is being held by the Foreign and Diaspora Ministries at the Binyanei Hauma convention center in Jerusalem. In the context of his remarks about anti-Israel rhetoric being the new anti-Semitism, Ambassador Friedman referred to his comments on the latest murders by terrorists and the lack of condemnation from the Palestinian Authority.
Noting that PA Chairman Mahmoud Abbas had responded by calling him a "son of a dog", Friedman asked, "Anti-Semitism or political discourse? Not for me to judge. I'll leave that all up to you."
Read more
Researchers say a new birth control pill for men appears to be safe, effective and may soon become a reality.It's called called dimethandrolone undecanoate, or DMAU and would be taken daily just like the female pill.The study's senior investigator, Stephanie Page, M.D., PhD, professor of medicine at the University of Washington is calling it a major step forward in the development of a once-daily "male pill."What about side effects? "Despite having low levels of circulating testosterone, very few subjects reported symptoms consistent with testosterone deficiency or excess," Page said.Researchers say longer term studies are currently underway to confirm that the pill can block sperm production so a man cannot get his partner pregnant.The study included 100 healthy men, ages 18 to 50 years old, and took place at the University of Washington Medical Center and at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center in Torrance, California.DMAU is being developed by the National Institutes of Health, Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, which funded this study.
A "dangerous" teenage cyclist knocked down and killed a pedestrian on a busy street and then blamed his victim, a court heard.
Charlie Alliston, then aged 18, was said to be going nearly 20mph when he mowed down mother-of-two Kim Briggs as she crossed Old Street, east London, on February 12 last year.
The 44-year-old mother of two was on her lunch break when the crash happened. She suffered "catastrophic" head injuries and died in hospital a week later.
After the accident Alliston said people have "zero respect for cyclists"
In a legal first, Alliston is on trial at the Old Bailey for her manslaughter, as well as charged under the 1861 Offences Against the Person Act of causing bodily harm to Mrs Briggs by "wanton or furious driving".
The court heard Alliston was riding a "fixie", a fixed wheel track bicycle with no front break, which is not legal on the road.
They are used by the likes of Sir Chris Hoy and Laura Trott at the Olympics velodrome, but have to be fitted with front brakes before they can be taken on the streets, jurors were told.
Prosecutor Duncan Penny QC told jurors that investigators found if Alliston had been riding a bike with front brakes, he would have been able to avoid the collision with Mrs Briggs.​
Following the crash, Alliston posted a comment on an online news article claiming he had shouted out "to get out of the way" but she "ignored me", looked back at her phone then "stopped dead" in his path.
He wrote: "I feel bad due to the seriousness of her injuries but I can put my hands up and say this is not my fault."
On an internet forum for fixed bike enthusiasts, he later described how he twice warned her to "get the f*** outta my way".
He wrote: "We collided pretty hard, our heads hit together, hers went into the floor and ricocheted into mine. It is a pretty serious incident so I won't bother saying oh she deserved it, it's her fault. Yes it is her fault but no she did not deserve it.
"Hopefully, it is a lesson learned on her behalf, it shouldn't have happened like it did but what more can I say."
View photos Mother of two Kim Briggs was mowed down by cyclist Charlie Alliston while on her lunch break in east London and she died of her injuries a week later (Metropolitan Police/PA Wire ) More
He complained: "Everyone is quick to judge and help the so-called victim but not the other person in the situation, ie me. It all happened so fast and even at a slow speed there was nothing I could do. I just wish people would stop making judgments. It's not my fault people either think they are invincible or have zero respect for cyclists."
Jurors at the Old Bailey were shown CCTV video of the collision in Alliston's trial, as Mrs Briggs' widower Matthew, from Lewisham, south London, looked on.
Mr Penny told jurors: "The Crown suggests that what the defendant was doing - riding a fixed wheel bicycle without a front brake through a busy area of central London at nearly 20mph at lunchtime when hazards, such as pedestrians stepping out into the road, might well be expected to occur in front of him requiring him to react - was dangerous.
"What he was doing was such that all sober and reasonable people, knowing the circumstances as he knew them to be, would inevitable recognise it subjected other people to the risk of some harm resulting there from."
Matthew Shaw was on his way to buy a Valentine's card in his lunch break when he heard someone repeatedly shout "get out of the way".
He told jurors: "I just saw a high impact collision between a cyclist and a lady who appeared to be crossing the road. The cyclist seemed to collide with the side of the lady. The lady landed flat on her back.
Read More
College life is all about getting the most out of cheap things, and life hacks are the pivotal means to that end. When it comes to furnishing a house or apartment, there are several ways to go about it. One can spend loads of money on brand-new furniture and electronics, spend much less money at a thrift or second-hand store, or spend nothing but time and energy to build your own. This is what hacking life is all about and this article is all about pallets.
Pallets are among the greatest things man ever stooped to create. They are simple, versatile, wooden and simply perfect. While the layman sees the pallet as a lowly device meant to keep things off of the floor, the hacktivist sees it as a multipurpose, prefabricated wonder board. The only thing standing between what a pallet is and what a pallet can be is the person looking to use it. With a claw hammer, maybe a saw, and a wild dream, a person can turn a pallet into almost anything, at least furniture wise.
The simplest use for some pallets would be for a bench or box spring for a bed. Simply put them on the ground, put a cushion or bed on top, and then relax because all the hard work is done. They also double as under-the-bed or bench storage space.
Tables are also options. They take a little bit more planning and finesse to build, but it can be done. From small end tables and coffee tables to dining room and patio tables, pallets can be transformed into anything and can look pretty cool when finished.
Another great thing about pallets is that they can be found for free in so many places. Many businesses have stacks of them out back and, if asked nicely and as long as there are no other plans for them, shop owners are usually oaky with people taking them. Craigslist.com is a good place to look for pallets. Log on to the website and click on “free” under “for sale” and see. Now, go build something maestro.
Download English News App and stay updated with all Latest News.
For News in English , follow us on
CHESTERFIELD, S.C. (AP) — A South Carolina mother who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped before the baby was found dead in a diaper box has been charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body.
Chesterfield County Sheriff Jay Brooks said 19-year-old Breanna Lewis told deputies she was attacked and her baby was taken from her arms as she checked the mail Tuesday afternoon.
Brooks says officers found Harlee Lewis' body inside the box in a field hours later.
Chesterfield County Coroner Kip Kiser says he's still investigating and isn't releasing autopsy results yet.
Brooks' statement says Breanna Lewis is charged with filing a false police report for lying about the assault and improper disposal of human remains. More charges are possible.
Jail officials didn't know if she has a lawyer.
Delays and long tailbacks are being reported along the southbound A56 following a collision, say Highways England.
The accident happened between the M65 J8 and A679 Huncoat at around 8.30am on December 12.
Police say one lane was closed while vehicles were recovered.
A spokesman for Highways England said: "We have all lanes now open following vehicle recovery. Long delays will start to clear."
Drivers are being advised to allow extra time for their journeys.
Residents in South Tyneside are being asked for their views to help fix a flooding hot spot.
Earlier this month parts of Tyne Dock in South Shields were yet again submerged by water after a heavy downpour on April 1.
Now Northumbrian Water, South Tyneside Council and the Environment Agency are working together to investigate flooding in the area.
By fully understanding how flooding has affected the estate, the organisations can explore any possible improvements that can be made to reduce flood risk in future.
Residents are invited to share their flooding experiences and find out more at Northumbrian Water's mobile community hub, which will be parked at Lidl in Boldon Lane, from 10am to 2pm on Wednesday April 26.
Representatives from Northumbrian Water, South Tyneside Council, Environment Agency and contractors MMB will be on hand to speak to residents.
The partnership project is part of Northumbrian Water's surface water management programme, Rainwise.
The scheme involves working more closely with communities to reduce the amount of surface water that enters the sewer network. Freeing up capacity in the network is particularly important to reduce flood risk during heavy rainfall.
It also seeks to raise awareness about how people of the North East can get involved by managing surface water around their home and reduce the risk of flooding in their community as a whole.
Northumbrian Water's project manager, Lynn Preston, said: “Flooding can be devastating for our customers and we know some residents in Tyne Dock have experienced that first hand.
“The drop-in session is a great opportunity for the community to come and talk to us, help us understand local flood risk issues from the residents' perspective and share their experiences of flooding.
“We'll also be raising awareness of how they can get involved in our Rainwise initiative, taking small measures themselves to improve flood resilience.”
Councillor Moira Smith, Lead Member for Area Management and Community Safety at South Tyneside Council, said: “Having your home or business flooded can be a heart-breaking experience so we are very keen to work in partnership on this initiative to reduce the risk of flooding.
“I would encourage residents to come along to the drop-in session on April 26 to meet the team and share their views and experiences to help us fully understand the flood risk in this area.”
Customers who have views on the project, or want to know more, can also have their say on Northumbrian Water's community website at www.nwlcommunityportal.co.uk.
People can also call Northumbrian Water on 0345 717 1100.
In a stunning twist, a well-known Russian journalist who Ukrainian authorities said was shot and killed in the capital of Kiev Tuesday showed up alive Wednesday, with Ukrainian security services saying they faked his death.
Interested in Russia? Add Russia as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Russia news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Arkady Babchenko, a celebrated war reporter who fled his home country last year amid a campaign of intimidation, was said to have been killed at his his apartment building in Kiev he appeared at a press conference Wednesday.
Authorities said they pretended Babchenko was dead in order to stop a Russian plot to kill him. Babchenko is a ferocious critic of the Kremlin.
Ukrainian police said Tuesday that his wife had found him Tuesday night in his apartment building's stairwell covered in blood after being shot repeatedly in the back, and that she had called an ambulance but he died before reaching the hospital.
Police said Tuesday they believed Babchenko was likely targeted because of his work, and earlier Wednesday, they even released a sketch of the suspected killer, an unnamed bearded man between 40 and 45 years old.
Ukrainian officials had said suspicion for the supposed killing fell immediately on the Russian security services. Ukrainian Prime Minister Vladimir Groisman wrote on Facebook that he was “sure the Russian totalitarian machine had not forgiven” Babchenko “his honesty and principles.”
Anton Gerashchenko, a member of Parliament (MP) who works as an adviser to Ukraine's Interior Ministry, said investigators were going to be looking at “Russian spy agencies' efforts to get rid of those who are trying to tell the truth about what is going on in Russia and Ukraine."
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov responded by denouncing the Ukrainian accusations, calling the supposed killing a “tragedy.” He accused Ukraine and its “Western handlers” of seeking to use it to stir up anti-Russian feeling, saying it followed a familiar pattern of using such assassinations to frame Russia.
“This fashion,” Lavrov said “is very sad. But, as you see, it suits many people, especially those, like our Ukrainian neighbors, who are taking advantage of the complete impunity coming from their Western handlers.”
The killing would have been the latest in a string of killings in Kiev in recent years of officials, journalists and soldiers, among them critics of the Kremlin. In March 2017, Denis Voronenko, a former pro-Kremlin Russian MP who had defected to Ukraine, was gunned down in broad daylight in front of a hotel in central Kiev.
In 2016, Pavel Sheremet, a renowned reporter, who was a prominent critic of the Russian and Ukrainian governments, was killed by a bomb placed on his car. A number of Ukrainian military officers have also been killed in bomb and gun attacks in the city in the past two years.
Babchenko, 41, is a highly regarded war correspondent who had himself twice fought in the Russian military in Chechnya during the 1990s. The second time, he had signed up as a volunteer to fight and there began to write. He became a scathing critic of the Kremlin's wars, most recently attacking it over its 2014 seizure of Crimea and invasion of Ukraine and later its intervention in Syria.
His criticisms attracted the fury of pro-Kremlin officials and activists, as well as state media, and for years he endured regular abuse and threats. But in February 2017, he fled Russia after becoming the subject of a particularly intense campaign of public harassment.
It was sparked by a Facebook post in which he criticized Russia's bombing campaign in Syria and the indifference he, therefore, felt toward a Russian army choir that had died in a plane crash. The post prompted a huge backlash, with Russian MPs saying he ought to be prosecuted and state media and pro-Kremlin activists mounting venomous attacks on him as “unpatriotic”.
Writing in an article in the U.K. newspaper, the Guardian, explaining his decision to flee Russia, Babchenko said the campaign “was so personal, so scary, that I was forced to flee.”
“My home address has also been published on the internet, together with an invitation ‘to visit.' I have received threats to me and my family by the thousand – in my email inbox, on Facebook and by phone,” he wrote.
“To cap things off, a pro-government ultranationalist TV channel, Tsargrad, recently released a list of the ‘Top 100 Russophobes' – I'm number 10, and I fought twice for this country. A country I no longer feel safe in.”
Babchenko moved to Prague and then settled in Kiev with his wife and child. He has been working for the Crimean Tatar television station, ATR, that was driven out of Crimea after Russia's seizure of the peninsula.
Babchenko had recently reported extensively and critically on the pro-Russian separatists fighting Ukraine's government in the country's east and who are backed by Moscow.
Some of his former colleagues have suggested he could have been targeted by the rebels. With an ongoing war, weapons are abundant in Ukraine and contract killings have become increasingly common.
Ilya Ponomarev, a former opposition Russian MP, who now lives in Kiev as an anti-Kremlin activist, said in the past three days he had heard about three other assassinations ordered against Russian opposition emigres in Ukraine. Ponomarev said he believed former separatist fighters were being recruited to act as killers.
“I'm afraid this is not the last death,” he wrote in a Facebook post.
Babchenko is widely respected in Russia and Ukraine's journalistic communities as an unblinking and remarkably talented chronicler of war. The day before his death, Babchenko published a post on Facebook with a photograph of a military helicopter on which he said he had been invited to fly during fighting in eastern Ukraine in early 2014 but from which had been ordered off at the last minute.
The helicopter was later shot down with all aboard killed. Babchenko wrote he was, therefore, marking the day as his "second birthday.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says OPEC is "doing little to help" rising gas prices and claims "if anything, they are driving prices higher."
Trump tweeted Wednesday: "The OPEC Monopoly must remember that gas prices are up & they are doing little to help. If anything, they are driving prices higher as the United States defends many of their members for very little $'s. This must be a two way street. REDUCE PRICING NOW!"
Last month, members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries cartel agreed to pump 1 million barrels more crude oil daily, a move that should help contain the recent rise in global energy prices. However, summer months in the U.S. usually lead to increased demand for oil, boosting the price of gasoline in a midterm election year.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Brian Cashman is getting his.
The veteran general manager, who has transformed the Yankees from a team of aging players and bloated contracts into one of the most dynamic young clubs in Major League Baseball, is set to get rewarded with a new five-year, $25 million contract, WFAN baseball inside Jon Heyman reported on Monday.
The sides are just ironing out the final details.
Brian cashman's extension has been agreed to. It's $25M plus for 5 years, putting him in upper echelon of baseball execs, below friedman and theo but few others. Just finishing paperwork. #yankees — Jon Heyman (@JonHeyman) December 11, 2017
Cashman, 50, who has been with the Yankees since 1986 and succeeded Bob Watson as GM in 1998, has played an integral role in four World Series championship teams. But perhaps his best work has been done in recent years. He engineered several stellar trades that not only put the Yankees in position to add to their record 27 world championships, but also replenished a farm system that had become barren in recent years.
The 2017 season, for example, was supposed to be the first full year of a rebuild, yet the Yankees rode young, homegrown players and those acquired through trades to 91 wins before upsetting the Cleveland Indians in the Division Series and taking the eventual world champion Houston Astros to seven games in the AL Championship Series.
Armed with young stars like AL Rookie of the Year Aaron Judge, slugging catcher Gary Sanchez, ace right-hander Luis Severino, and several others, the Yankees didn't appear to need any major upgrades this offseason, save for perhaps adding another starting pitcher.
Then Cashman went out and got one of the best players on the planet.
Saturday's shocking trade that landed reigning NL MVP Giancarlo Stanton in pinstripes likely went a very long way toward securing the Yankees' position as a World Series contender for years to come.
MORE: Sweeny: Stanton-Judge Possibilities Are Endless — Just Ask Maris, Mantle Families
Cashman was also very aggressive in his pursuit of Japanese two-way star Shohei Ohtani, before the 23-year-old pitcher/outfielder decided to sign with the Los Angeles Angels.
A native of Rockville Centre, New York, Cashman has also managed to appease his owner on the financial front. Hal Steinbrenner has long wanted the Yankees to get under the luxury tax threshold, and thus prove that a team with a less-than-$200 million payroll could be a championship contender. Well, it appears the Yankees will do just that. In the trade for Stanton, the Miami Marlins agreed to send the New York $30 million to help pay down the remaining $295 million Stanton has left on the final 10 years of his contract.
As a result, the Yankees, even after adding perhaps a few more pieces, should be under the $197 million threshold in 2018, thus resetting their tax rate from 50 to 20 percent just in time for what is expected to be a loaded free agent class after next season.
Janet Jackson's husband Wissam Al Mana wrote a heartfelt letter to the superstar on his website amid reports that the couple are estranged.
The pair recently became parents to a baby boy, Eissa Al Mana. A rep for Jackson did not confirm that they have split, but a message on his website next to a photo of Jackson professes his love for her, calling her the most beautiful person in the world.
The message ends: “We will be together in the Great Forever.”
The singer showed off her a picture of her and her son for the first time Friday in a social media post .
Outgoing commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific says a nuclear-capable North Korean is unacceptable.
The outgoing commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific, Adm. Harry Harris, warned Wednesday that North Korea is the United States' most immediate threat.
Harris has been nominated by President Donald Trump to be the next U.S. ambassador to South Korea.
“North Korea remains our most imminent threat,” Harris said, according to The Hill, adding, “And a nuclear-capable North Korea with missiles that can reach the United States is unacceptable.”
Harris was speaking at a ceremony where he was handing over leadership of U.S. Pacific Command to Adm. Philip Davidson.
His comments come as the United States is preparing for a summit between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, which is back on schedule for June 12 in Singapore just days after Trump announced he was canceling it.
The American president said on Friday the summit could go ahead as planned following a more appeasing statement from Pyongyang and productive talks with North Korean officials.
On Sunday, an American team began talks with North Korean officials to prepare a possible meeting between Trump and Kim.
U.S. officials recently said that North Korea had directly confirmed that Kim was willing to negotiate about potential denuclearization at the summit with Trump. Kim later announced himself that his country would close its nuclear test site and suspend long-range missile tests.
Ever since Drake has been releasing a slew of singles he has been dominating the charts.
His latest single “Nice for What” sits atop Billboard 100 for the second consecutive week. Dethroning his own previous single “God's Plan.” This is just further affirmation that Drizzy's own competition is himself.
Now to add to his list of accomplishments, the 6 God replaced Bruno Mars as the artist with the most weeks in the No. 1 slot on the Hot 100 this decade, according to HotNewHipHop. Drake has now been sitting at the top for 33 weeks.
With the release of Scorpion on its way, he's bound to chart some more.
The boyfriend of a woman who was fatally struck in her head by a bullet in the Las Vegas massacre Sunday night revealed that he planned to propose to her that night.
Andrea Castilla traveled to Las Vegas with her boyfriend, Derek Miller, to celebrate her 28th birthday at the Route 91 Harvest Festival this past weekend.
As the two were enjoying music, shooter Stephen Paddock began to spray the crowd with bullets from a hotel nearby.
Click through photos of the couple here:
“She said, ‘Duck,' and all of a sudden she was already hit,” Castilla's sister, Athena Castilla, told WNBC.
Her boyfriend and sister managed to transport her outside of the venue while the attack was ongoing.
“We couldn't give up on her,” her sister told ABC News. “She deserved a chance to get help…she was literally dying in my arms.”
The victim's sister said she was originally been told her sister was still alive, only to later be informed that she had passed that night.
Shortly after learning of the news, Miller told Athena that he planned to propose to Castilla that night.
SEE ALSO: Man arrives in Las Vegas to deliver hand-made crosses to honor mass shooting victims
She told People: "They were planning on staying on until Thursday in our guest room. [Derek] told me, 'I was planning on asking her this weekend with you guys… We talked about spending the rest of our lives together.'"
Her brother even revealed to the outlet that Miller had been given permission by their father to propose to his daughter.
“If I could bring my daughter back, it would be for him, not for me,” the victim's father, Gus, told a local NBC affiliate while holding back tears.
Building a slide deck, pitch, or presentation? Here are the big takeaways:
A new class from Amazon, the AWS Certified Security - Specialty Exam, will validate a cloud pro's ability to secure the AWS platform.
Cloud skills are in high demand, but added security expertise could help set job seekers apart.
A new professional exam from Amazon Web Services (AWS) will help cloud experts validate their ability to secure data on the platform, according to a Monday blog post. The AWS Certified Security - Specialty Exam is now available to those who hold either an Associate or Cloud Practitioner certification from AWS.
As noted in the post, AWS recommends that those taking the exam have at least five years experience working in IT security and two years experience working on AWS workloads. The exam will deal with such topics as "incident response, logging and monitoring, infrastructure security, identity and access management, and data protection," the post said.
The exam consists of 65 multiple choice questions and will likely take 170 minutes to complete. The registration fee is $300.
SEE: Cloud computing policy (Tech Pro Research)
According to the post, once the exam is complete, the test taker will have a working knowledge or understanding of the following:
Specialized data classifications on AWS
AWS data protection mechanisms
Data encryption methods and AWS mechanisms to implement them
Secure Internet protocols and how to implement them on AWS
AWS security services and features
Additionally, the post noted that those who pass the exam will have a competency in working with AWS security services in production, an understanding of security operations, and the "ability to make tradeoff decisions with regard to cost, security, and deployment complexity given a set of application requirements."
For those looking to prepare for the exam, the post recommends going to the AWS Training website and working on the Advanced Architecting on AWS and Security Operations on AWS trainings. Additional security trainings on AWS Security Fundamentals, Authentication and Authorization with AWS Identity and Access Management, AWS Shared Responsibility Model, and AWS Well-Architected Training are also helpful.
Additionally, compliance and security whitepapers will also help prepare would-be test takers.
Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Cloud Insights newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — Tony McGahan won't wait around to see if the Melbourne Rebels survive to play Super Rugby next year: the head coach and the club announced a mutual parting of the ways on Thursday.
The Australian Rugby Union must decide which of the five Australian franchises is cut by the league for the 2018 Super Rugby season. The Rebels and Western Force have been most often mentioned as one of the teams to be cut.
A statement on behalf of the Rebels and McGahan said both parties arrived at the decision in the best interests of the Rebels "in order for the club to develop the long-term direction of the rugby program."
Melbourne has just one win and a draw in 13 matches and is a distant last in a mediocre Australian conference.
The Rebels meet the Western Force in Perth on July 7 and McGahan will coach his last game in Melbourne against Argentina's Jaguares on July 14.
Activist Jedidiah Brown, 29, had Lake Shore Drive in Chicago shutdown, after police arrived to prevent him from committing suicide.
Brown, who was live streaming on Facebook, spoke about the suicide of his nephew, as well as being an activist in the South Side of Chicago. During the video, he repeatedly pointed a gun to his head, while sobbing and playing gospel music.
After SWAT teams arrived to Lake Shore Drive, it took them more than an hour to resolve the situation.
“I've always loved this city and I love my family — I love everybody and I'm so sorry, but it's over, I can't recover from this,” Brown says in the Facebook Live video.
According to DNA Info, Brown is a pastor and the founder of Young Leaders Alliance who received national attention when he rushed the stage at Donald Trump's aborted rally in Chicago. He most recently appeared on national television Friday on “All In With Chris Hayes” on MSNBC during a town hall event about violence and other issues facing the city.
In the background of another video posted by Brown, you can hear cops say, “We're here to help you, no one is going to hurt you. This is not the answer.”
After Brown was released from the hospital, he took to Facebook on Monday to explain what was going on:
WASHINGTON (AP) — US official: DC police to charge 12 Turkish security agents related to violence in Washington during Erdoğan's visit.
Updated at 2:30 p.m. ET
Almost 48 hours after violence engulfed Charlottesville, Va., President Trump called out white nationalist groups by name. Trump's remarks on Monday followed criticism that his initial statement about the clash of protesters did not condemn racist groups specifically.
"Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," the president said from the White House.
Trump began his remarks talking about his economic accomplishments and plans for trade negotiations before turning his attention to the events over the weekend in Virginia. After the Charlottesville City Council had voted earlier this year to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from one of its parks, white nationalist groups — including white supremacists, the alt-right, the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazis — descended on the city for a "Unite the Right" rally.
On Friday night, they marched on the normally sleepy college town, home to the University of Virginia, carrying torches. On Saturday conditions turned deadly as hundreds of the white nationalists, some carrying Confederate flags and shields and others in militia-like gear, clashed with counterprotesters in the city streets.
At one point a silver Dodge Challenger, allegedly driven by 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. of Ohio, rammed into a street filled with counterprotesters. Heather Heyer, 32, was killed, and at least 19 others were injured. Fields was charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit and run.
President Trump expressed sympathy to Heyer's family as well as to the families of Virginia State Troopers Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Berke M.M. Bates, who died when their helicopter that was patrolling Saturday's event crashed.
"These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation," Trump said. "In times such as these, America has always shown its true character, responding to hate with love, division with unity, and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice."
Trump spoke after meeting with newly installed FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the White House. He said that the Department of Justice had opened a civil rights investigation into the car attack.
"To anyone who acted criminally at this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered," the president said.
Sessions told ABC News on Monday morning that the car crash that had killed Heyer "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism."
"You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is unequivocally an unacceptable, evil attack," he said.
The president's condemnations may be too little, too late for those who criticized Trump's initial remarks — and Trump may have missed a critical moment to be the nation's healer in chief. On Saturday, Trump claimed that the clashes were a result of "hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides." Top Republicans, among others, quickly criticized him for not calling out by name the white supremacists, alt-right, KKK and neo-Nazi groups that began the protests.
"Mr. President — we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism," Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., who heads up the GOP Senate campaign committee, tweeted on Saturday.
The White House put out an unsigned statement on Sunday morning, saying that, "The President said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups. He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
Vice President Pence had gone further than the president in his own comments, telling reporters Sunday night while traveling in Colombia, "We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
Trump has been blamed for being slow to criticize white supremacist groups in the past — even as he regularly attacks other targets on Twitter. During the 2016 campaign, Trump came under fire for not immediately disavowing the endorsement of David Duke, a former KKK grand wizard.
Duke, who attended the march in Virginia, said on Saturday that participants' aim was "to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump. That's what we believed in. That's why we voted for Donald Trump, because he said he's going to take our country back."
Duke later responded to one of the president's tweets condemning the violence by saying, "I would recommend you take a good look in the mirror & remember it was White Americans who put you in the presidency, not radical leftists."
WASHINGTON (AP) — With a new health secretary in office, the Trump administration is proposing its first regulatory changes to the health insurance markets created by President Barack Obama's overhaul.
Among the most noticeable change for consumers: a shorter sign-up window of 45 days, as opposed to three months.
Administration officials said Wednesday the new regulations will help to stabilize the individual insurance market for next year. That could buy time for the Republican-led Congress to make good on its promise to repeal the Obama-era health care overhaul and replace it with a conservative approach.
Many of the proposed changes reflect the wishes of the insurance industry. Even so, insurer Humana announced Tuesday it will not participate in next year in the government-run marketplaces.
Human Services Secretary Tom Price was confirmed Friday.
By PAT EATON-ROBB
Associated Press
CHESHIRE, Conn. (AP) - Officials from across the nation are checking out a Connecticut prison program that can serve as a model for treating young adult offenders.
Connecticut prison officials are showing off the TRUE Unit on Wednesday at the Cheshire Correctional Institution. It houses 18- to 25-year-old inmates along with older mentors, some of whom are serving life sentences.
The unit is based on a prison in Germany and focuses on education, family and skill development. Correction Commissioner Scott Semple says the idea is to create an environment that supports inmates whose brains are still developing.
The unit had been scaled back from a planned prison for young adults due to budget cuts. It has been open for about a year and will soon expand to the state's prison for women.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Collazos hails from Villavicencio, Colombia, where she attended Colegio Espíritu Santo, earning a gold medal in singles in the state phase of interscholastic competition in 2016 as well as silver in the regional tournament and bronze in doubles at the national level. In 2014 she garnered bronze in the state phase in singles and mixed doubles and silver in the regional tournament.
Collazos also participated in swimming, women's soccer, cheer and track at Colegio Espíritu Santo. She is the daughter of Ruben Darío Collazos and Ruby Liliana Navarro.
Navaratnam was named Inter A's Best Player in 2014 and 2015 and was voted First Team Premiers at Haileybury College in 2017. The Melbourne, Australia native also earned All-Academic honors her final three years at Haileybury for coach Maddi Barnett.
She is the daughter of Suri and Mary Joseph Navaratnam.
TORONTO — For most of his five seasons in Toronto, we waited for Terrence Ross to become something other than disappointing, confounding and overpaid.
It finally happened on Tuesday.
He became trade bait.
He became the significant piece on another day to shine for Masai Ujiri, the executive who quieted the noise, turned down the volume, and brought a sense of internal peace and external joy to a Raptors team desperately in need of alterations.
That's what leadership is in professional sport and that's what leadership does: Rather silently and without buildup, Ujiri brought the much-coveted Serge Ibaka to the Raptors. A player he has viewed from afar with envy for many years. He has known Ibaka as friend, as fellow African, as part of the basketball community at large.
Now he will know him in a much more intimate way, as teammate of sorts, as Raptors player, as someone who can come in and shake the Raptors' foundation at a time when shaking is needed. A real starting power forward.
Not a bench guy. Not Luis Scola. Not Amir Johnson. Not like anything Dwane Casey has had in his coaching arsenal before in Toronto.
He's the kind of player who understands winning, who is playoff-tested and playoff-ready, who has a clear comprehension of what April, May and June is all about in the NBA. He should make life easier for Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan. He's a high-percentage shooter. A quick defender. A large presence at 6-foot-10, although not quite the shot blocker he was in his early years.
“I've known this guy for years,” said Ujiri. “He's a hell of a competitor. Everybody knows who Serge is, he's a warrior. He gives us good rim protection, he's a good defender. He can play multiple positions.”
Ibaka led the NBA four times in blocked shots and was on the all-defensive team three times. He should also make life easier for Jonas Valanciunas and Patrick Patterson — one has slightly regressed in this up-and-down season and the other will return now to where he belongs, coming off the bench instead of starting.
This would be a home run of sorts for Ujiri and the Raptors except for the unknown aspects of the deal, and that includes exactly where Andy Miller, the player agent, fits in. The NBA is nothing if not an agent's league. Miller represents the pending free agent, Ibaka, and the pending free agent, Lowry.
Suddenly, he becomes a figure of significance about the Raptors' future. If Ujiri and his general manager, Jeff Weltman, have the most influence on what the Raptors do in the future, Miller's influence cannot be understated here. He can go shopping with Lowry and Ibaka this summer or he can settle in for a long ride with Lowry and Ibaka playing alongside DeRozan and Valanciunas.
That's the scenario Ujiri and Casey favour. Casey is always talking about how veteran teams win in the NBA. Teams that stay together. Teams with texture and experience.
This could be one of those teams.
Ujiri doesn't deal often or without purpose. The Rudy Gay and Andrea Bargnani trades, seemingly impossible to make, proved to be big wins for the Raptors. He turned around and traded the pretty much finished John Salmons for Lucas Nogueiro and Lou Williams.
Even the small trades have produced victories. Greivis Vasquez was sent to Milwaukee for Norm Powell and a first-round pick. Vasquez is basically done as an NBA player; Powell, who should benefit from the trading of Ross, is just beginning to show his capabilities.
And now this deal on Tuesday for Ibaka, which makes the Raptors' starting lineup the strongest it has ever been with a bench still capable and the assumption that one of these weeks Jared Sullinger will be able to contribute something.
Before Tuesday night's game in Chicago, the Raptors had won four of 14 games. “We've had a bad stretch,” said Ujiri. “We never know how (the trade) fits on paper. We fill a hole, a gap that we've been missing. Hopefully, this gives us that jump that we need.”
Ibaka comes in and yet I can't forget the night the Raptors drafted Ross. The Raptors really wanted Harrison Barnes that night. Coach Casey was sent out to speak to the media and talk up their first pick as the second round proceeded.
Casey is terrible at not telling the truth. He can't look you in the face and lie with any conviction. It's one of his most endearing qualities. He said he was happy to have Ross. He said so with a crooked smile.
The next four-and-a-half years he spent trying to figure out his vastly talented, wildly athletic, forever inconsistent wingman. This was his best season.
Ross grew up as a basketball player in Toronto. He just didn't grow into whatever kind of the player the Raptors hoped he would become, but he was enough to entice Orlando into moving Ibaka.
Now Casey doesn't have to guess anymore. He knows what Serge Ibaka brings. Ibaka's career has almost been a straight statistical line.
Casey has a new part and a brand new starting lineup. He has two months to get ready for playoffs. Two months to figure this team out.
ssimmons@postmedia.com
As communities age and money for big projects dries up, top municipal officials are saying “something has to give.”
A report on the perspective of chief administrative officers (CAOs) — by Strategy Corp. — found that just as Toronto is struggling to find ways to pay for much-needed infrastructure work, smaller communities, too, are finding it increasingly difficult to come with badly-needed cash.
“You thought Toronto was just having these problems,” said John Matheson, report co-author and a principal at Strategy Corp. “Actually, the report indicates it's the municipal sector as a whole ... These problems are fairly common across Ontario which is why it's important people pay attention to them.”
The group interviewed 26 CAOs — the top bureaucrats of towns, counties or cities — to get their views on the future of municipal government. The report focuses on small- to medium-size communities, and was provided exclusively to the Toronto Sun.
The report says CAOs are seeing a gap between what the public expects of local government and what they are prepared to pay for has grown. One participant told the authors “something has to give.”
The report says councillors in those communities are hesitant to raise taxes or create new revenue streams to pay for the work which isn't surprising, he added.
“There's a lot of infrastructure put in the ground between 50 and 75 years ago,” Matheson said, adding that years of deferring infrastructure work are catching up with communities.
The CAOs also expressed concern about the rise of a divisive brand of populism in city halls across Ontario. A number of councillors are mimicking U.S. President Donald Trump's brash style, often publicly attacking bureaucrats and questioning their work.
“(Municipal governments) are not designed to have a somebody on council who is structurally opposing everything,” he said. “It's contributing to only half of them saying they had good relations with their councils.”
The interviews used for the report were conducted confidentially. The findings offer a rare, unvarnished view of major issues taking place in these towns and cities, said Ron Shaw, a senior advisor with Strategy Corp who co-authored the report.
Shaw, a former CAO with over 30 years experience in Stratford and Kincardine, said top municipal bureaucrats don't want to be critical of their communities publicly.
“They're not going to say much different than what their councillors may be saying,” he added. “They want to make sure they represent the views of the municipality. Speaking confidentially, they can speak to us ... and give honest, open feedback.”
Releasing the report at the Association of Municipalities of Ontario's annual meeting in Ottawa this week will help bring the concerns of the CAOs into focus, he said.
Matheson added that the concerns raised in the report will need to be addressed through a variety of means, including the provision of more cash to municipalities.
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Monday:
Facebook Inc., down $12.53 to $172.56
The social media company faced new criticism after reports a data mining firm working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained and then kept data on tens of millions of users.
CACI International Inc., down $11.85 to $145.60
The defense contractor offered to buy CSRA for $7.2 billion, challenging a deal between CSRA and General Dynamics.
Orbotech Ltd., up $4.09 to $63.99
KLA-Tencor agreed to buy the company, which makes equipment for electronics manufacturers, for about $1.88 billion.
Stewart Information Services Corp., up $1.89 to $42.61
The title insurance and real estate services company said it will be bought by Fidelity National Financial for about $1.2 billion.
GGP Inc., down 20 cents to $21.52
Reuters reported that Brookfield Property Partners made a new offer for the shopping mall operator.
Universal Display Corp., down $15 to $109
Bloomberg News reported that Apple is designing and making display screens and may stop buying them from other companies.
Newell Brands Inc., down $1.87 to $26.79
The consumer products company announced a deal with activist investor Carl Icahn, who will nominate four directors to its board.
Alphabet Inc., down $34.35 to $1,100.07
Technology companies fared worse than the rest of the market Monday.
Potential suspect seen moving up a hill to a residence just north of incident. Grey shirt with backpack. #lakecountyshooter — Rev. Dave Thompson (@revdavethompson) August 14, 2017
On Monday around 10:30 a.m. employees with Caltrans were in the area between Cruickshank Road and Cole Creek Road on Hwy 29 in Kelseyville conducting road work.Units with the CHP were also in the area assisting Caltrans. The CHP officers and Caltrans workers were confronted by a male subject from a residence in the area.The male suspect fired two shots in the direction of the CHP officers and Caltrans workers.Lake County Sheriff's units responded to assist along with a sheriff's unit. The subject then fired another shot towards the officer's direction. He then fired two additional shots at a State Parks officer. The suspect then fled on foot.A perimeter was established and additional assistance from allied agencies was requested. Officers from the California Highway Patrol, Lakeport Police Department, Clearlake Police Department, Lake County D.A.'s Office, Mendocino County Sheriff's Office, and Sonoma County Sheriff's Office responded to assist. California Highway Patrol and Sonoma County Sheriff's Office assisted with air support.The suspect has been identified as Joshua Caleb Brown, 43, of Kelseyville. The search for Brown is continuing. Brown is considered armed and dangerous and should not be contacted.If you see someone you believe to be Brown avoid contact and immediately call 911.Highway 29 remains closed to all traffic between Live Oak Drive and Bottle Rock Road. An alternate route of Soda Bay Road to Highway 29 can be used. Live Oak Drive is also closed between Cruickshank Road and Cole Creek Road.
Sinéad Gordon has been appointed as event director for the 2018 World Para Swimming European Championships in Dublin, with a year to go before competition starts.
Gordon will be responsible for the planning, organisation and delivery of the event - due to run between August 13 and 19 at the National Aquatic Centre in the Irish capital.
She will work closely with governing body World Para Swimming and other partners, and comes into the role after more than 10 years of experience in the sports industry.
Her past roles include work at the London 2012 Olympics, the Baku 2015 European Games and the Ashgabat 2017 Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games.
Gordon has also held roles at the International Basketball Federation, Basketball Ireland and British Basketball.
"Ultimately the athletes and the sport must be at the centre of our planning process," said Gordon.
"We are expecting over 500 world class professional swimmers to descend on the Aquatic Centre for seven days of competition next August and we must ensure that they do not have to concern themselves with anything else except their performance in the pool."
Ellen Keane won Paralympic bronze for Ireland at Rio 2016 ©Getty Images
Dublin was awarded the event last month, which will be the first major Para-sport competition to ever take place in the Republic of Ireland.
"We are delighted to have Sinéad Gordon on board as event director for the European Championships in Dublin," said Miriam Malone, the chief executive of Paralympics Ireland and the chair of the Organising Committee.
"Sinéad's experience will help us to plan and organise the event to world class level, which we on the Organising Committee are very much looking forward to."
Forty countries are expected to compete in all in Dublin.
Ireland won a bronze medal in swimming at the 2016 Paralympic Games in Rio de Janeiro as Ellen Keane finished third in the women's 100 metres breaststroke SB8 event.
The Latest on the situation in Syria (all times local):
9:15 p.m.
Syria's Foreign Ministry has dismissed as "null and void" U.S. accusations that President Bashar Assad's government is producing and using "new kinds of weapons" to deliver deadly chemicals despite committing to abolish its program in 2013.
The ministry said in a statement on Saturday that Syria confirms the American statements are "nothing more than lies" based on the accounts of what the Trump administration called its partners on ground.
Syria also says that reports by Western-backed media outlets about Damascus using chemical weapons "is a new version of U.S. and Western desperate intentions to create" an excuses to attack Syria.
President Donald Trump has not ruled out additional military action to deter attacks or punish Assad, administration officials said earlier this week, although they did not suggest any action was imminent.
———
8:40 p.m.
Turkey says eight of its soldiers were killed near the Syrian Kurdish enclave of Afrin in what has been the deadliest day so far since Ankara's operation there started.
In a statement late on Saturday, the Turkish military said five soldiers were killed after their tank in Syria came under attack near Afrin. It says the soldiers could not be saved despite all attempts.
Earlier in the day, three Turkish soldiers were reported killed in the offensive. One was killed in the area of the tank attack, another in northern Syria and the third on the Turkish side of the border in what Ankara said was an attack by Syrian Kurdish militiamen.
The total death toll for Turkish troops since the operation started on Jan. 20 now stands at 13.
The statement says a Syrian Kurdish militia and the Islamic State group carried out the attack, without providing details.
Turkey launched the incursion into Afrin to rout the U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish militia, which it considers to be a terrorist organization and an extension of Kurdish insurgents fighting within Turkey.
———
7:35 p.m.
The Russian Defense Ministry has confirmed that a Russian Su-25 warplane crashed in Syria and that the pilot was killed in fighting on the ground.
The report on the ministry's Zvezda TV says preliminary information indicates the plane was shot down in Idlib province on Saturday by a portable ground-to-air missile.
The report says the pilot ejected before the crash, but then was killed in fighting with "terrorists." It says the area is under the control of al-Qaida's branch in Syria.
———
7:30 p.m.
A leading international rights group has accused Turkish border guards of shooting at Syrian refugees trying to cross into Turkey and turning back others after they crossed into Turkey.
Human Rights Watch also says in a report published on Saturday that it documented such cases from May until December last year. HRW also says Turkish guards shot at refugees while they were still in Syria, killing 10 people, including a child.
HRW also points to accounts of abuse by detained asylum seekers, including their forced return to Syria and withholding medical care.
Turkey's presidential spokesman says the allegations will be investigated. Ibrahim Kalin said it was "unlikely" Turkish soldiers would shoot at people and pointed to Turkey's open-door policy.
Turkey is hosting nearly 3.5 million Syrians who have fled the ongoing civil war.
———
6:20 p.m.
A Syrian monitoring group and a Syrian militant say a Russian pilot who ejected from his fighter jet after it was shot down in northwestern Syria was killed after landing alive on the ground.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the Russian pilot is dead but had no immediate further details.
A Syrian militant in the area told The Associated Press that the Russian pilot was shot and killed when he resisted capture by opening fire from his pistol on the militants who tried to capture him alive.
Moscow has not confirmed the downing of its plane or the killing of a pilot.
The militant refused to be identified by his real name because was not authorized to speak to the media.
A video circulating on social media shows a dead man with a bloodied face as bearded gunmen stood around him. One of them shouts: "He is Russian."
The authenticity of the video could not be independently confirmed but it corresponds to events reported by the AP.
———
5:45 p.m.
The Turkish military says two of its soldiers have been killed in Syria and a third was killed on the Turkish side of the border in an attack by Syrian Kurdish militiamen.
The military says Saturday's deaths were related to Turkey's operation against the Syrian Kurdish-held enclave of Afrin, codenamed Olive Branch. One of the soldiers was killed when a Turkish tank was hit in Afrin.
A total of eight Turkish soldiers and at least 24 allied Syrian opposition fighters have died so far in Ankara's offensive, which started on Jan. 20.
The Turkish operation aims to clear Afrin of the U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish militia, known as the People's Protection Units or YPG, which Turkey considers to be a terrorist group and an extension of the Kurdish insurgency within its borders.
Ankara also says it is fighting the Islamic State group in the area.
———
4:50 p.m.
Syrian opposition activists say rebels have shot down a warplane in the country's northwest where government forces and their allies are advancing under the cover of intense airstrikes.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the warplane was downed on Saturday afternoon near the rebel-held town of Sarqeb, which Syrian troops have been trying to reach under the cover of Russian airstrikes.
The Observatory's chief Rami Abdurrahman says it's possible the warplane could be Russian. He added that the pilot ejected and landed alive on the ground.
The opposition's Aleppo Media Center says it was a Russian-made Su-25 but did not say whether it was Russian. There was no immediate word from Moscow.
———
4:30 p.m.
Turkish presidential spokesman says Turkey will not tolerate the presence of a Syrian Kurdish militia "anywhere" along its southern border, hinting that Ankara might expand its military operation underway in the Syrian enclave of Afrin eastward.
The spokesman, Ibrahim Kalin, said on Saturday that Turkey's first demand is to see the Syrian Kurdish militia — the People's Protection Units or YPG — move east of the Euphrates River and leave the town of Manbij, where American troops backing the Syrian Kurdish fighters are stationed.
Turkey launched an incursion into Syria on Jan. 20 and is currently fighting the YPG in the northwestern enclave of Afrin. It considers the YPG a "terrorist group" and an extension of Kurdish rebels inside Turkey.
Kalin called on the United States to "disengage" from the YPG and said Turkey will continue communications with "our American allies to avoid any confrontation."
Turkey shares a 911-kilometer border with Syria. The YPG controls much of the territory along the border and an uninterrupted strip from Manbij to the Iraqi border.
———
2:20 p.m.
A Syrian monitoring group and the media arm of al-Qaida-linked militants are reporting intense airstrikes on a rebel-held stronghold in Syria's northwest.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported more than 35 airstrikes on Saraqeb since late Friday, adding that many of its residents are fleeing.
The Ibaa News Agency of the al-Qaida-linked Levant Liberation Committee, said Russian and Syrian warplanes and helicopter gunships have been pounding Saraqeb and Tel Mardeekh village in Idlib province since the early hours of Saturday.
Syrian government forces and their allies pushed into Idlib, an opposition stronghold, inching closer to a key highway that connects Syria's two largest cities, Damascus and Aleppo.
The U.N. says more than 270,000 have been displaced in Idlib because of the government onslaught since Dec. 15.
Platinum wigs, a mix of different genders and races, psychedelic soul jams: the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame band Sly and the Family Stone embodied everything but normal when it emerged in the 1960s. Yet, 50 years later and the band continues to make people dance to the music.
Although singer Sly Stone, who penned the band's enormous music catalog, no longer tours with the group, founding members drummer Greg Errico and saxophonist Jerry Martini continue to play together under the name the Family Stone. They will perform at the La Mirada Theatre For the Performing Arts on Friday in celebration of their 50th anniversary.
While their original leader is currently in retirement, both Errico and Martini are adamant on keeping his music alive among today's listeners.
“Sly's lyrics are so profound; what he was writing about was so brilliant. We were best friends growing up and I always thought then, and still believe now, that there aren't many songs that could top his,” said Martini, “We're bringing the songs to a whole new generation of people, because I really believe in them.”
In addition to Errico and Martini, the San Francisco-based band was a family affair, originally consisting of Stone, his brother and keyboardist Freddie, sister and keyboardist Rose, and trumpeter Cynthia Robinson. As the group began to rise in popularity in the late 1960s, with chart-topping hits such as “Dance to the Music,” “Thank You (Falettinme Be Mice Elf Agin)” and “I Want to Take You Higher,” the band saw many changes in the member lineups over the years.
The group had explosive success during its most active years of 1966-1975, but members, particularly Errico, Martini and Robinson (before her death in 2015) continued to tour throughout the past couple of decades. Today, the band's lineup includes multi-instrumentalist Phunne Stone, the daughter of Sly Stone and Robinson, along with singer and organist Alex Davis, guitarist Nate Wingfield and bassist and musical director Blaise Sison.
The band will play a variety of its greatest hits, but also add lesser-known songs to the set.
“Sly wrote about 500 songs; a lot of them are so relevant but never promoted, so I'm glad that we're throwing them into the mix,” said Martini, “There are songs we do, like ‘Color Me True,' that have such great lyrics and music, but aren't as popular as our Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Grammy Hall of Fame hits.”
Martini added that although he is 73 years old, he has as much – if not more – passion and energy on stage than he ever had.
“We are going to just get up there and play and get the people participating, jumping around and spreading that happiness for our golden anniversary. It's not a bunch of old guys on stage with canes, although it may seem like it to the kids,” Martini laughed, “It's a real visual show and we sound better than ever.”
Often referenced as one of the strongest major influences in R&B, soul, psychedelia and funk, the band was known to run the gamut on political and social issues in its lyrics, such as their song “Everyday People,” which stood against prejudices of all kinds and coined the famous phrase: “different strokes for different folks.”
The band also performed the famous Woodstock Music and Art Festival on August 17, 1969. In 2011, it played the Harvest Festival in Australia, which brought back Woodstock memories for Errico:
“They had all these different age groups there singing along and dancing and grooving, and I looked around was just like, ‘Wow, we are still as relevant and breaking through generations. Our music is still part of them,'” said Errico.
Errico said he occasionally keeps in touch with Stone, but there are no future plans for the original lead man returning:
“Sly's been in and out of being available unfortunately. I wish he would be able to come out and do what we all did together years ago; it'd be real nice, but some things just don't work out like that I guess.”
Still, the band has a packed tour schedule this year, which includes various venues in Washington D.C., Colorado, Indiana and Arizona. Martini said they have even recorded new music this past year, and will continue to introduce Sly's unknown music to the world.
Errico said he is proud that the band continues to be significant today:
“I want the band to speak for itself, like it has already, which is not anything that I was conscious of when we first did it. It was just simple because we were having fun doing it, but as the elements come together later in life, you realize that you did something valuable that connects with people.”
Contact the writer: jmoe@ocregister.com
Union Information and Technolgy Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Wednesday told the WhatsApp that identifying mass circulation of fake messages is not rocket science. On the sidelines of a conference in New Delhi, Prasad asked social media platforms like WhatsApp, Twitter and Facebook to remain accountable, responsible and vigilant.
A day after Supreme Court said states are bound to check incidents of mob lynchings, Union Information and Technolgy Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Wednesday told the WhatsApp that identifying mass circulation of fake messages is not rocket science. The minister in the Modi government said that his department's initial probe has found that disinformation and provocative messages on WhatsApp played a major role in instigating violence. Prasad further asked the social media platforms like WhatsApp, Twitter and Facebook to remain accountable, responsible and vigilant.
On the sidelines of a conference in New Delhi, Prasad said, “If in any state, any part, on a particular subject, if there is a movement of large volumes of messages on WhatsApp, it is not rocket science that can't be discovered by application of technology.”
He said that the government has issued a notice to social messaging platform WhatsApp in this matter. Quoting WhatsApp reply to the government, he said the social media application has made changes to its setting, now a group admin can decide who can send messages.
In its reply, WhatsApp has informed the government that they are trying to see that messages aren't forwarded without reading and understanding. The WhatsApp said it is horrified by the recent mob lynchings incidents triggered by fake messages. The minister also appreciated the WhatsApp over the decision taken by them to check fake messages.
Issuing a stern action to the Facebook-owned application, the government recently told WhatsApp that it should immediately stop fake messages on its application that are impacting law and order situation in the country. The recent developments have come days after five people were lynched in Dhule district of Maharashtra over suspicion of child lifters.
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
LAGUNA BEACH — Three Riverside County residents suspected of
burglarizing a Laguna Beach home Friday morning were arrested and police are seeking additional victims.
Officers responded to the 2900 block of Zell Drive at 6:56 a.m. Friday, Oct. 7 to investigate a residential burglary in progress, according to the Laguna Beach Police Department.
A resident called 911 to report a suspicious truck parked in the driveway of his neighbor's home and moments later, dispatchers received another
call from a person reporting three suspects had attempted to force entry
through his side bedroom window, police said.
The suspects were seen fleeing in a Ford truck after they were discovered by the second caller, police said. Within minutes, officers saw the suspects inside the truck speeding away before abandoning it and fleeing on foot.
The Orange County Sheriff's Department assisted Laguna Beach police with air support and police dogs to locate the suspects.
Authorities arrested 21-year-old Gwendulyn Ceballos-Jimenez after she
was found hiding in bushes and attempting to change her clothes, police said.
After an extensive search, authorities also located and arrested 29-year-old Allen Ykwang Lin and 31-year-old Michael Murilloh.
Lin sustained minor injuries from being bitten by a police dog after
refusing to come out of a canyon area where he was hiding, police said.
The Ford truck was an unreported stolen vehicle out of Rialto and had stolen license plates from San Juan Capistrano, according to police.
“Our residents acted quickly and did a fantastic job reporting the
suspicious activity which led to these crooks arrest,” said Laguna Beach
police Capt. Jeff Calvert.
“We are fortunate to have such engaged residents who understand that it
is a team effort to keep our community safe.”
The suspects were booked into Orange County Jail on suspicion of residential burglary and possession of stolen property, police said.
Laguna Beach detectives are in the process of identifying additional victims through stolen property recovered in the truck, police said. Anyone with any information regarding the investigation was to call the Laguna Beach Police Department at 949-497-0701.
Guyana recorded their first-ever World Mixed Doubles Curling Championship win by beating 2012 bronze medallists Austria at the Östersund Arena in Östersund.
The South American country got off to a good start in the match and recorded a 1-0 victory in the first end.
Austria, however, seemed to restore normality with a 4-0 win in the second end.
From that moment on there were small margins of victory for both sides, which kept them within touching distance of each other.
That was until the sixth end when Guayana claimed an excellent 5-0 win, meaning Austria's 1-0 win in the seventh, and final, end was not enough to snatch victory as Guayana ran out 9-6 winners.
After his side's victory in the Swedish city, Rayad Husain said: "First win for us as a country!
"So after three losses and really bad games, it's nice to get that monkey off our back and win."
Well done to Guyana 🇬🇾 on their first ever win at the #WMDCC2018 👏 #curling pic.twitter.com/VNjNd3MA14 — World Curling (@worldcurling) April 24, 2018
Husain added: "It gives us the legitimacy that we've won at a World Championship.
"Many people were kind of skeptical of us from last year.
"Winning is good at a World Championship and against an established country like Austria I think that's great!"
Earlier on in the day, South Korea became the first team to qualify from the round-robin matches thanks to a comfortable 10-2 victory against Brazil.
Defending champions Switzerland kept up their unbeaten record at this competition with a 15-0 thrashing of The Netherlands.
The competition is due to continue tomorrow with more round robin matches.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Jordan Peele has been dreaming of his Oscar moment since he was 13, but now that it's happened, he can hardly believe it.
The 38-year-old received Academy Award nominations last week for best picture, director and original screenplay for his directorial debut, "Get Out." The star of the horror/satire, Daniel Kaluuya, was also nominated for best actor.
"Get Out" may be Peele's breakthrough, but the actor, writer, director and producer has been honing his skills for more than a dozen years. He started getting awards notice in 2008, when he shared in an Emmy nomination for a sketch he wrote for MADtv. He was nominated seven more times for his contributions to "Key & Peele," the hit Comedy Central sketch show he created with Keegan-Michael Key. Peele also co-wrote and co-starred (with Key) in the 2016 action-comedy "Keanu."
He said having his work recognized by the film academy has given him "faith in my voice."
"It's like jet fuel," Peele said in an interview after last week's nominations. "It makes me want to make as many movies that I can in my life."
Peele's comments have been edited for clarity and brevity.
___
AP: So how does it feel to be a triple Academy Award nominee?
Peele: Well, I'm not used to hearing yet. It's a really overwhelming thing to try and process. I'm trying understand how I got here from this time last year not knowing if this movie was going to really work or really not work.
AP: What a difference a year makes.
Peele: I'm definitely feeling the love and feeling with joy and honor of this accomplishment. But it is it has been a bittersweet year knowing that it has not been a great one for everybody.
AP: How was Oscar nominations morning for you?
Peele: I woke up a few minutes after the announcements were made. I was just getting really great texts from just about everybody I've ever met. And my (6-month-old) son slept through the night, so that was also huge. So it was like kind of party at my house... Both he and I with our greatest accomplishments to date on the same morning.
AP: Did you allow yourself to consider this possibility when you were writing sketches for "Key & Peele?"
Peele: I've been dreaming about this moment since I was 13. I've gone through times where I believed in it and times when I didn't believe in it. So to have it happen, it comes with a really important lesson and realization for me which is that it's bigger than me. It's an important thing for a lot of people and the people who supported the film and the people out there who have the same dream but feel like they can't do it for whatever reason.
AP: Audiences loved "Get Out," but does the academy love feel different?
Peele: Yes, it does mean something different. I didn't know that it would, but now that this has arrived, I'm reminded of when I watched Whoopi Goldberg win her Oscar for "Ghost." And I remember she sent a message out in her speech that was for me. She said, 'Don't let anything stop you. If you want this, if you have a dream, follow that dream and you can achieve it.' And I'll always remember that. So hopefully that's the message that this sends to other young artists of color and women and people who ... feel like they're outsiders and won't be won't be allowed into this industry or won't be accepted. Hopefully they can sort of feel some of that message too.
AP: Is the recognition even sweeter given that this is an unconventional film with a lot to say?
Peele: Making this film, putting it out was very scary. I thought that it was very possible that the world wouldn't be ready; that they would reject it or that it would not be received. But I knew that I loved it. I knew that it was something that needed to be said. And so the fact that it was scary is kind of how I knew it was important and that was it was my duty as an artist to face that fear and really risk it all.
___
For full coverage of awards season, visit: https://apnews.com/tag/AwardsSeason
By Steve Lichtenstein
» More Columns
Football fans have been starved for live action for so long that it's no wonder some have forgotten an important NFL axiom.
Preseason games do not matter.
I repeat: Preseason games do not matter.
Projected by every sane analyst to bring up the rear in the AFC this year, the Jets won their first exhibition, 7-3, over the Titans at MetLife Stadium on Saturday.
Lo and behold, I feel bombarded from all the reviews, some positively glowing, about how the Jets just might not be that bad. As if they defied logic by not losing to the Titans' backups by 45 points.
MORE: Keidel: Jets Should Make A Gesture And Offer Kaepernick A Job
My friend Chris was actually excited about the result. He texted me links to articles on quarterback Josh McCown's cheerleading and wide receiver Robby Anderson's “breakout” potential.
Because, you know, the Jets scored a touchdown on their opening drive.
I tried to settle Chris down, but he didn't want to hear my argument that if Robert Kraft isn't losing any sleep over the Patriots' loss to the Jaguars, then maybe these games aren't that important.
The funniest media bits were the leaps to suddenly elevate Christian Hackenberg into a legitimate NFL quarterback prospect.
MORE: Jets Sign Safety Therezie, Waive Fullback Brown
Hackenberg completed 18 of his 25 throws for 127 yards Saturday. That's just 7 yards per completion, folks.
Rich Cimini of ESPN.com reported that 14 of the 18 completions were caught within 5 yards of the line of scrimmage, and all three of Hackenberg's throws over 10 yards fell incomplete. But, hey, he wasn't intercepted (and his lost fumble on a botched snap might not have been his fault).
I read more than one piece that deemed Hackenberg's performance an improvement because he often had trouble going 18-of-25 against air in practice.
Really? Is this where we are? Hackenberg isn't an 8-year old. He's a professional, one that was selected in the second round in the 2016 NFL Draft. He should be able to complete the vast majority of 3-yard swing passes.
The Titans were playing mostly vanilla defenses such as soft zones, making those plays very safe. Do you think regular season opponents aren't going to press the Jets' inexperienced receivers at the line of scrimmage to make those timing patterns quite a bit more difficult?
Oh, and let's not forget that for all of these supposed positives you want to take from this game, the Jets did not score a single point after McCown's 5-yard touchdown toss to Charone Peake five minutes into the first quarter.
As for the Jets' defense, the starters played two series, which, again, is not enough of a sample or even a fair representative of typical regular season activity (Titans quarterback Marcus Mariota was seeing his first competitive action since breaking his leg last December) for any sort of extrapolation.
Yes, the defense did seem to be playing faster, but it remains to be seen whether it will be materially better. Rookie safeties Jamal Adams and Marcus Maye were called on to make one play (a Maye tackle) between them as Mariota did not feel the need to test their lack of NFL game experience.
There really isn't any need (other than NFL owners' greed) to play these games at all. Several coaches have commented that their programs get more out of scrimmages and joint practices than from these exhibitions designed to squeeze more money out of fans and TV networks.
The Jets can go 4-0 this preseason, and it wouldn't change my expectations one iota. Every year I need to remind you about the time Gang Green went 5-0 behind another quarterback chosen in the second round a year earlier.
In 1992, Browning Nagle and the Jets finished 4-12.
For a FAN's perspective of the Nets, Jets and the NHL, follow Steve on Twitter @SteveLichtenst1
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
Juli Inkster has been selected U.S. captain for the Solheim Cup for a record third time.
Inkster has led the Americans to victory over Europe in 2015 in Germany and last year in Iowa. Another victory in 2019 in Scotland would make Inkster the first Solheim Cup captain with a 3-0 record.
Catriona Matthew of Scotland previously was selected European captain for the matches that will be played in September 2019.
Inkster's first time as captain was in 2015, and her U.S. team staged the largest comeback in Solheim Cup history. Next year's Solheim Cup will be at Gleneagles, where Europe won the Ryder Cup in 2014.
The Americans lead the series 10-5.
The four placebo capsules were placed out of order in the 28-day physicians sample pack. They're at the beginning of the cycle instead of the end. (Source: Allergan)
(RNN) – Check your birth control, it might be under recall.
Allergan on Wednesday issued a voluntary recall of one lot of its Taytulla softgel capsules.
The four placebo capsules were placed out of order in the 28-day physicians sample pack. They're at the beginning of the cycle instead of the end.
“As a result of this packaging error, oral contraceptive capsules, that are taken out of sequence, may place the user at risk for contraceptive failure and unintended pregnancy,” the company said.
“The reversing of the order may not be apparent to either new users or previous users of the product, increasing the likelihood of taking the capsules out of order.”
The sample packs under recall are from lot 5620706. They have an expiration date of May 2019.
Allergan said patients should contact they doctor if they have any concerns, or they can call the company at: 1-800-678-1605.
Copyright 2018 Raycom News Network. All rights reserved.
Peter Mattei has been portraying the title character in "Eugene Onegin" for more than a decade, but he still finds him "one of my trickiest parts to establish."
"Something with him is like an old portrait," the Swedish baritone said in an interview at the Metropolitan Opera, where he is currently performing the role. "You look at it and you wonder, 'Who is this guy?' And so much of it is about the way he looks, the way he presents himself. He doesn't give much away."
Tchaikovsky's opera, adapted from a novel in verse by Alexander Pushkin, tells of a bored and cynical gentleman who rejects the advances of the love-struck Tatyana, only to realize years later that he has missed his one chance for happiness.
Mattei said Onegin's hard-to-pin-down character is part of what makes him interesting to play in different versions. The Met's production, created by Deborah Warner, will be broadcast live in HD to movie theaters worldwide on Saturday.
"When I see a movie, I sometimes see an actor on the screen and I say, 'That could be Onegin,'" Mattei said. "Or someone like maybe Bob Dylan could be a good Onegin. Because after so many years of public life, he is mysteriously unknown somehow. And when he comes into a room, I think he would create some kind of unsureness in people he meets."
ADVISE AND REPENT
When Tatyana impulsively sends Onegin a love letter, he returns it and lectures her on the need to be more discreet. The encounter leaves Tatyana shattered, but Mattei doesn't think Onegin is being deliberately cruel.
"He's a bit annoyed why she put him in this situation," he said. "But then the letter comes and he has this responsibility. He tries to be kind to her and give her good advice. But that's not always easy. If you have children ... you might realize many years later that it might have been better not to give the good advice. You don't know the fruit."
In the opera's dramatic final scene, the tables are turned when Onegin throws off his aloof demeanor and begs Tatyana to run off with him. But, now married, she remains faithful to her husband. "You have to sing it like a boy," Mattei said. "He is a boy again. He is feeling those love feelings. It's passionate and full of torment also."
PETER AND ANNA, TOGETHER AGAIN
This is the third time Mattei has appeared at the Met opposite Russian diva Anna Netrebko, who is portraying the role of Tatyana. They were first onstage together in Mozart's "Don Giovanni" in 2003, with Mattei singing the title role of the serial seducer and Netrebko as his latest prey, the peasant girl Zerlina. The next year they returned in Puccini's "La Boheme" in the supporting roles of the painter Marcello and his flirtatious girlfriend, Musetta.
Both appeared in this production of "Onegin" when it was new in 2013, but they were in separate casts. The current revival was designed to feature Russian baritone Dmitri Hvorostovsky in the title role, but he had to withdraw because he is battling a brain tumor.
WHERE TO SEE IT
The HD broadcast of "Eugene Onegin," conducted by Robin Ticciati and also starring tenor Alexey Dolgov as Lenski and bass Stefan Kocan as Prince Gremin, will be shown starting at 12:55 p.m. Eastern on Saturday. A list of theaters can be found at the Met's website: www.metopera.org/hd .
In the U.S., it will be repeated on Wednesday, April 26, at 6:30 p.m. local time.
The Pentagon's new Nuclear Posture Review calls for the development of two new submarine-launched missiles with low-yield nuclear warheads that could serve as a deterrent to Russia's modernization of its inventory of 2,000 tactical weapons.
Developed over the last year, the new report acknowledges the changes around the world since the previous 2010 review that had as a goal the eventual reduction of America's nuclear weapons arsenal.
That report also saw Russia as a partner in de-nuclearization efforts, but the new Nuclear Posture Review (NPR) reflects the complicated reality of America's relationships with Russia, China and North Korea.
While nuclear weapons reduction remains a long-term goal, it also addresses a gap in deterrence strategy towards Russia, which is undergoing an intense modernization of its low-yield nuclear weapons systems, a development that has led the Pentagon to determine that Russian nuclear strategy now does not discount the first use of such low-yield nuclear weapons on the battlefield.
Charles Dharapak/AP
The new NPR makes the point that Russia appears to have made a calculus that these types of tactical nuclear weapons could actually be used on a European battlefield without drawing a large scale American nuclear response.
Over the last decade Russia has modernized an inventory of tactical nuclear weapons like air-to-surface missiles, short range ballistic missiles, gravity bombs, depth charges and anti-aircraft missiles and torpedoes.
Over that time the United States has not modernized or reduced its inventory of such weapons.
To respond to that gap with Russia the NPR calls for the U.S. to reconfigure a small number of submarine-launched intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) into low-yield nuclear weapons, with nuclear explosive yields smaller than the atomic bomb dropped by the United States on Hiroshima.
It also calls for the long-term development of submarine-launched cruise missiles with low-yield warheads, a weapons program phased out by the 2010 review.
A focus of the new NPR is the “tailored” response to scenarios posed by Russia, China, North Korea and Iran.
A "one size fits all" approach has its limits,” said Deputy Secretary of Defense Patrick Shanahan at a Pentagon news conference. “This NPR ensures we can deter any potential adversary, because they are not all alike.”
That point was also reinforced by John Rood, the Pentagon's top policy adviser, who stated repeatedly today that there is no “automaticity” to a scenario that a possible nuclear response is always going to depend on the context at hand.
“The United States does not want to use nuclear weapons,” said Shanahan. “We do want to maintain an effective deterrent to keep Americans and our allies and partners safe and secure.”
A draft version of the NPR leaked several weeks ago drew criticism from arms control experts who said the development of the new low-yield weapons would lower the threshold for a nuclear weapons escalation.
But Rood and other officials countered that it would have the opposite effect.
"The capabilities and the type of approach that we're pursuing is intended to raise the nuclear threshold by making the type of punishment that we could employ against an attack on the United States so high that it would not be countenanced by an adversary," said Rood.
The NPR also addresses a tailored response to the growing North Korean nuclear missile threat to the United States that it says "may now be only months away".
KCNA VIA Reuters, FILE
“Our deterrence strategy for North Korea makes clear that any North Korean nuclear attack against the United States or its allies and partners is unacceptable and will result in the end of that regime," says the report.
"There is no scenario in which the Kim [Jong-un] regime could employ nuclear weapons and survive," it added.
The NPR and Pentagon officials made the point that America's missile defense system has the capability to intercept and defeat North Korea's ability to conduct effective missile strikes.
GREENE COUNTY, TN (WJHL) – A Greene County commissioner wants U.S. Nitrogen to leave the county.
Eddie Jennings told News Channel 11 that he has written a resolution that would return the property where U.S. Nitrogen is located to its original zoning.
Jennings said if zoning is recinded, the company would have to remove all equipment and structures within a year.
According to Jennings, he doesn't believe the company has been honest with the community and said this resolution would “hold U.S. Nitrogen accountable for their actions.”
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
