Misha Dichter has had an illustrious career spanning more than 50 years – performing with the world's great orchestras and musicians, making dozens of recordings, and all the while delighting in repeatedly analyzing each piece of music to discover something new. “It's so exciting – you're having a conversation every day with the composer,” he told Intermezzo host Leora Zeitlin.
Though he started studying piano at age four, Dichter says that hearing Beethoven's 9th Symphony as a teenager is what changed his life. He realized that “nothing meant as much to me in life as [music]. And that I could actually touch it in the form of playing the piano meant that much more to me.” Dichter has faced challenges, including two bouts of the hereditary disease Dupuytren's Contracture, which almost halted his career. He talked about overcoming the disease, two different traditions of piano playing, the music of George Gershwin and several other composers, and more in this interview, which also included Lonnie Klein, artistic director of the Las Cruces Symphony Orchestra. Dichter will perform Gershwin's Piano Concerto in F with the LCSO in two concerts on Saturday night at 7:30 and Sunday at 3 p.m. at the Atkinson Recital Hall.
A conversation with pianist Misha Dichter and conductor Lonnie Klein.
The region's home page is only possible with your support. Become a member, renew, or make an additional gift now. Thank you.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — North Carolina Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper proposed Tuesday what he called a compromise to repeal the state's so-called bathroom bill, saying a new measure is designed to allay fears by some over public bathroom safety.
But a powerful leader in the Republican-controlled General Assembly dismissed it, signaling that any agreement between the governor and GOP lawmakers is still distant. Even a close Cooper ally in the gay rights movement said he didn't support the governor's idea, calling the proposal a distraction from a repeal of what's known as House Bill 2.
The law approved last March by GOP lawmakers and then-Gov. Pat McCrory triggered backlash from businesses and LGBT advocates who say it's discriminatory because it requires transgender people to use restrooms in public buildings that correspond to the sex on their birth certificates. It also excludes sexual orientation and gender identity from local and statewide antidiscrimination protections. A federal trial to decide HB2 is scheduled to begin later this summer.
Cooper's proposal comes as New Orleans welcomes the NBA All-Star game this weekend. The city of Charlotte was supposed to host multimillion-dollar event, but the NBA pulled out after the law was passed. The NCAA and Atlantic Coast Conference also moved several sporting events and businesses such as PayPal decided not to expand in North Carolina.
Advertisement
“It will bring back the NCAA, it will bring back the ACC, the NBA and it will bring back jobs,” Cooper said.
The proposal does away with House Bill 2 and increases penalties for crimes in public bathrooms, the governor said at a news conference with the top Democratic leaders in the House and Senate. It would also tell local governments seeking ordinances covering sexual orientation and gender identity to give legislators 30 days' notice before doing so.
Lawmakers passed HB2 weeks after the Charlotte City Council voted to expand a local ordinance protecting people based on sexual orientation and gender identity at hotels, restaurants and other public buildings.
HB2 supporters have argued letting people choose public bathrooms based on gender identity can be used as a pretense by sexual predators. The U.S. Justice Department and HB2 critics have said the threat is practically non-existent.
Senate leader Phil Berger said the stronger punishments for crimes in bathrooms aren't enough.
“What is the governor's position on whether or not men should be allowed to share restrooms, lockers and showers with women and girls?” Berger told reporters. “I don't see this as a compromise. I don't see this as anything different that what he's been saying all along.”
Cooper's proposal represents a change in tactics by the new governor, who has been seeking a repeal-only bill. Cooper said HB2 “doesn't do anything to protect anybody.” His proposal appeared designed to pull in more votes from Republicans wavering on keeping the law.
“Regardless of whether I believe House Bill 2 addresses that problem in any way, I want to say this: I hear you and I have a proposal that specifically addresses your concerns,” the governor said.
In December, an apparent deal between Cooper — then the governor-elect — and the legislature to repeal HB2 collapsed. Interest picked up in recent days after a statewide sports development association warned legislators in a letter that action must be taken very soon or the state would be disqualified from hosting NCAA events for the next five years.
Chris Sgro, executive director of Equality North Carolina, said the 30-day waiting period for local governments was unnecessary, saying Charlotte leaders deliberated publicly for a long time on their ordinance. And new penalties aren't needed because LGBT people are not a public safety risk, he said.
“I don't support the proposal. I think that what we need to do is be squarely focused on the repeal of HB2,” Sgro told reporters. “Every other piece of this conversation is a distraction.”
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Kansas City police are looking for a man they say broke into his estranged wife's home early Friday morning and seriously injured her and her young daughter with a knife.
KCTV reports that officers around 1:45 a.m. responded to Scarritt Avenue and Lawndale Avenue in response to a break-in and cutting.
The woman at the home had serious lacerations to her hands and arms, along with a cut on the left side. Her 8-year-old daughter — who stood between her mother and the assailant during the assault — received minor injuries, police said.
The mother's injuries are considered non-life-threatening. Shortly after the cutting, police described both the mother's and her daughter's conditions as serious but stable. The estranged husband is not in custody, and police have not released his name or a description of him.
SEATTLE (AP) — A former science teacher at a Seattle private school has pleaded guilty in federal court to possessing child pornography.
The Seattle Times reports 42-year-old Gabriel Cronin pleaded guilty Tuesday before U.S. Magistrate Judge James P. Donohue.
Cronin was fired from the Seattle Academy after his arrest in November that came when a cousin notified the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children that Cronin said he had been addicted to child pornography for years and was seeking help.
Charging documents say Cronin used a school laptop computer to obtain and view thousands of explicit images of children.
Documents say Cronin said he never inappropriately touched kids, but told investigators that he fantasized about students he worked with.
Cronin is free on bond and set to be sentenced in July.
Ottawa police are warning residents about an alleged swarming involving a woman who faked distress on the side of the road to lure a Good Samaritan back to her car, where he was robbed by her accomplices.
According to police, a man was driving along Innes Road in the city's east end, near O'Toole Road, on Saturday around 5:30 p.m. when he was flagged down by a woman. She told him her car had broken down and she didn't have a phone to call for help.
The man drove the woman back to her car, which was about a kilometre away on O'Toole. He then exited his vehicle to see if he could help the woman get her car started.
He was then confronted by a man who approached from the car, while the woman allegedly demanded the Good Samaritan's wallet. He resisted, and was allegedly attacked by the woman and the man, according to police.
Police said another man also got involved in the confrontation, helping the pair allegedly steal the wallet.
The trio obtained an undisclosed amount of cash and fled. The victim was transported to hospital where he was treated for his injuries.
Police described the woman as Caucasian, and in her early thirties. She had a thin to medium build, and weighed around 130 pounds. She had dirty blonde, short spiky hair and a mole on her face. She spoke both English and French. She was last seen wearing white shorts, a white T-shirt, and white strap shoes.
The first of her accomplices is described as an English-speaking Caucasian male. He stood around 5'6″, and had a muscular build and brown hair. He was seen wearing a brown sleeveless shirt.
The victim could not describe the third assailant.
Police said the vehicle used in the incident was a dark-coloured, older model North American four-door sedan.
Anyone with information regarding this incident is asked to call Ottawa police at 613-236-1222, ext. 5116. Anonymous tips can be submitted by calling Crime Stoppers toll-free at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS).
Drivers in Kalihi can expect to see some changes to street parking. Wilson Tract will be taking part in an upcoming Restricted Parking Zone Pilot Program.
Drivers in Kalihi can expect to see some changes to street parking. Wilson Tract will be taking part in an upcoming Restricted Parking Zone Pilot Program.
Mona Wood-Sword lives on Wilson Street. She and her neighbors are amazed that in just two weeks an experiment has solved a chronic challenge in street parking in Kalihi Valley.
Mona Wood-Sword lives on Wilson Street. She and her neighbors are amazed that in just two weeks an experiment has solved a chronic challenge in street parking in Kalihi Valley.
Tour buses, taxis, cars and visitors all jostle for space on Waikiki's crowded streets and curbs. The Waikiki Improvement Association wants to establish a special improvement district to manage the chaos.
The district would help fund a Waikiki Transportation Management Association (WTMA).
"It's fine to have the WTMA worry about the tour buses, the delivery vehicles, scheduling them when they should make deliveries to reduce the traffic, as it were," said Waikiki Neighborhood Board chairman Bob Finley.
The board unanimously approved having the Traffic Management Association at a recent meeting.
The WTMA has already had some successes. It recommended changes, including a traffic cycle for pedestrians only, on Kalakaua Avenue at Lewers Street and Royal Hawaiian Avenue. They also proposed longer loading zones for tour buses and delivery trucks on Royal Hawaiian Avenue. Those changes were then implemented by the city.
However, the city has also approved doubling the cost for parking in metered stalls in Waikiki, and extending the time to feed the meter well into the evening, which will have a big impact on people who live there.
"People who work during the day come home at night, search around for parking because the buildings they live in don't have any, or have very little, and then suddenly they're paying three dollars an hour for the rest of the night," said Finley.
The association wants to establish residential parking zones in Waikiki. These would be similar to the zones that have proven popular in Kalihi, where residents can park longer in a metered stall with a permit. However, those who work in Waikiki will still be left out of the mix.
"A lot of people park at the zoo now," said Dave Moskowitz, who lives in works in Waikiki. "But again, they're taking up spaces that residents and hotel guests can use. I take the bus to work, and a lot of our employees do, where I work, nearby."
Residential parking zones in Waikiki would still need approval from the city council. The council also would have to approve the special improvement district, which would allow for managing transportation in Waikiki, along with the financing to do it.
Copyright 2017 HawaiiNewsNow. All rights reserved.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Was that a similar type of game to last Saturday (1-1 home draw with Barnet)?
Yes, it was similar with both teams deciding to go quite long.
It was quite wet out there and obviously both teams would like to have won.
We did all we could for two or three days in training and we came up and trained at Scunthorpe's ground, so we thank them.
We said we needed to stay in the game for the first 20 minutes or so and the same thing happens again, with a good set play from them, exactly the same as our goal.
It was a free-kick, they got in and we shouldn't have given it away in the first place in the first three minutes.
It took us the rest of the game to find a bit of quality to get the game back, so in the end we are competing with the Grimsbys of this world and we kept them behind us in the table, with us having a game in hand.
They were desperate to get their first win in 11.
It was a very good set piece to score the equaliser
Yes, it was.
We work hard on our set pieces, but it's still about the delivery and making the right ones. When it all comes together, I though Boyley deserved his goal because he played well and the back three played well today.
There weren't too many mistakes and they had a couple of shots late on, but we had chances as well.
I was disappointed with the first half because we didn't do enough. In the second half we gave it more of a go and we needed a bit of quality to start having proper chances.
In the first half Joe Morrell made the keeper make a save, but in the second half we had a lot more goalmouth incidents which could have led to goals.
Were you pleased with the impact of the three substitutes in the second half?
Yes, because Elijah Adebayo won the foul which led to the goal, after a good run.
He in particular looked lively when he was running at them and we needed that. We didn't have it in the first half and they did.
Sanmi (Odelusi) has a bit of quality when he gets hold of it and in the last 15 minutes I thought we created opportunities through good forward play.
It was a big call to take Mo Eisa off, what was the thinking behind that?
He didn't really have a shot or a header so sometimes you have to be brave.
Most of his work was outside the box and I don't remember him being in the box for a diving header or a shot.
He is our top striker, but on the day he wasn't being effective and nor was out strikeforce in the first half.
We came out and did okay for the first 10 or 15 minutes of the second half, but I needed fresh legs and impetus to give them something different to think about. I made three changes and hopefully it helped us get back into the game.
It was also bold to put Jerell Sellars on as a left wing-back
We wanted to go for the game. He didn't get as much ball as we'd like but he could have won it for us with the shot he blasted over the bar. Sometimes you need a bit of quality to win a game like that and we didn't have that with our shooting today.
How did you feel Joe Rodon did on his debut?
I think he did well today. He is a good defender, he got done once on the line, but generally he did well, won his headers and he has some pace too. I thought he did okay for his League debut and he coped well.
Are some of your younger players not quite ready yet?
They aren't ready otherwise I'd play them.
It's precarious at the moment and we don't want to be dragged into the bottom five or six and be panicking at the end of the season.
We want to keep the teams below us and although we are not flying up the league, we are staying afloat with seven or eight below us.
It's not a time to bring really young lads in. Maybe Matty Bower is not that far away, but it's not right to bring them in just yet.
Tell whoever is worried not to worry, I'll bring them in at the right time and we are pleased with them, but I know when it's time.
There are a lot of free agents out there so may there be another addition to the squad?
There might be. There are free agents and I've had calls, but they have to improve the team. You don't want to waste summer money and it's not an easy League.
People sometimes feel you just need to turn up to win a game, but teams are much of a muchness and it's all about finding that consistency.
You swapped Kevin Dawson and Carl Winchester around, what was the thinking behind that?
Well, I felt we needed a defensive midfield player in there. Dawson can play in that role. We didn't have wide men, we had wing-backs. Winny likes to play in the space wing-backs get. He had a couple of shots and he had some crosses.
He gets into good areas just outside the box. Daws needed to be able to go out to the full-back. It was tactical and technical and both lads agreed that's where they should be playing.
Winny likes that role so don't anybody start talking about square pegs in round holes. I don't play anyone in a position they don't like playing in.
How important is it find the best XI?
You are trying to pick the best XI and I'd rather pick the same team every week, but it doesn't happen because we haven't had the consistency. There are probably five or six consistent enough, but the rest have to earn their place.
If anyone isn't quite performing, I am going to be making a change as I need them to perform and affect the game. In hindsight it's easy to criticise sometimes, but I am not worried about criticism.
I pick the team I feel can win the game and if I have to change it I am happy to do that.
Their goal came off Brian Graham to Simeon Jackson
Yes it came off Brian. It was one typical of us in the third minute. We had to get back in quicker to head it out rather than heading it across our own goal. The lad stuck it in and we were disappointed as we had to chase the game and they take their time.
Even the referee feigned injury, but the less said about that the better! I am going to have to ask him to have a look at that, but he refereed the game well.
How disappointing was it to concede so early as the home crowd were ready to turn?
It could have been a nasty atmosphere if we'd scored the first goal. Some were protesting and some weren't, some stood up and some didn't.
They were arguing among themselves a bit and at the end they've gone another game without winning, but it was so important we got back in the game.
Chittagong: Emergency workers in Bangladesh on Thursday stepped up the search for victims of the country`s worst ever landslides, with mounting claims that the disaster was made worse by unchecked development.
Rescuers found two more bodies, including that of a woman apparently washed away, taking the death toll from floods and landslides across southeast Bangladesh to 154.
"We think she was washed away by strong currents during Tuesday`s landslides," local fire chief Didarul Alam told AFP.
"We have stepped up our rescue work in the five worst affected spots. But it`s a huge struggle to dig through four feet (1.2 metres) of mud. Also villagers were not sure where the bodies were buried."
Emergency workers also found the body of a soldier missing since Tuesday, army spokesman Rashidul Hasan told AFP.
The landslides were the deadliest in the country`s history, eclipsing the previous highest death toll of 127 a decade ago.
Bijoy Giri Chakma, an elected tribal leader in the hardest-hit district of Rangamati, told AFP the landslides were the worst he had ever seen, and blamed unplanned construction and the large-scale cutting of trees for the scale of the disaster.
"Trees have been felled indiscriminately, which loosens the soil. A lot of these hills are now completely barren," said Chakma.
His views chimed with those of local rights activists.
"The disaster is man-made. But there is a tendency to blame nature for this," said Sheepa Hafiza, head of the rights group Ain o Salish Kendra, at a news briefing on Wednesday.
Authorities say hundreds of homes were buried by mud and rubble sent cascading down hillsides after monsoon rains dumped 343 millimetres (13.5 inches) of water on the southeast of the country in just 24 hours.
Disaster Management Department chief Reaz Ahmed said teams had begun to assess the full extent of the damage left by two days of incessant rains in the Chittagong hills, which cover one tenth of the country`s landmass.
Authorities have opened 18 shelters in the worst-hit hill districts, where 4,500 people have been evacuated.
The monsoon rains came two weeks after Cyclone Mora smashed into Bangladesh`s southeast, killing at least eight people and damaging tens of thousands of homes.
South Asia is frequently hit by flooding and landslides in the summer with the arrival of the annual monsoon rains.
More than 200 people were killed in Sri Lanka last month when the monsoon triggered landslides and the worst flooding the island has seen in well over a decade.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Tuesday lashed out at the Centre for delay in absconding liquor baron Vijay Mallya's extradition trial.
The apex court asked Centre's law officers to explain the reasons behind non-cooperation with the court in Mallya's extradition case. The SC observed, "How can the Centre delay extradition despite the Supreme Court orders?”.
The court has asked Ministry of External Affairs to reply by 15 December on the delay in Malya's extradition proceedings. SC also indicated that it might summon the MEA Secretary if the court orders aren't adhered to.
Mallya's extradition trial to face fraud and money laundering charges of Rs 9,000 crore in India resumed in London yesterday, with his defence fielding a legal expert to question the impartiality of India's judicial system.
The 61-year-old was back in the dock at Westminster Magistrates' Court in London for day four of the hearing when his barrister, Clare Montgomery, deposed Dr Martin Lau to give his views on the evidence presented by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and Indian Supreme Court rulings.
The defence's case rests on trying to prove that the now-defunct Kingfisher Airlines' alleged default of around Rs 9,000 crore worth of bank loans was the result of business failure rather than "dishonest" and "fraudulent" activity by its owner.
Meanwhile, it has emerged that the businessman is facing a parallel litigation in the Queen's Bench Division of the commercial court in England's High Court of Justice brought by a consortium of Indian banks to freeze his global assets.
The SBI, Bank of Baroda, Corporation Bank, Federal Bank Ltd, IDBI Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Jammu & Kashmir Bank, Punjab & Sind Bank, Punjab National Bank, State Bank of Mysore, UCO Bank, United Bank of India and JM Financial Asset Reconstruction Co. Pvt Ltd are listed as applicants of that claim against Mallya and related concerns named as Ladywalk LLP, Rose Capital Ventures Ltd and Orange India Holdings.
Lawyers for Mallya have been granted an extension to respond to that case due to his ongoing extradition trial, expected to conclude on Thursday.
With Agency Inputs
× Longview bridge reopens after backpacks investigated
LONGVIEW, Wash. (AP) — Authorities have reopened a bridge between Longview, Washington and Rainier, Oregon, that had been shut down because of suspicious backpacks on the Oregon side.
Multiple news outlets report that witnesses called 911 around 9:30 a.m. Monday to report seeing a man lowering backpacks from the bridge over the Columbia River and tying them there before walking away.
A bomb squad was called and the bridge was closed in both directions. The Washington State Patrol said one of the backpacks had been detonated as of Monday afternoon.
The Oregon State Police and U.S. Coast Guard referred to the backpacks as suspicious. It wasn't clear if authorities found any type of explosives in the backpacks.
The bridge was closed for several hours. The Columbia River was also closed to traffic.
Global 3D Glass Market Research: Type (3D Display Glass, 3D Back Cover Glass), Application (Smartphones, Wearable Device, Televisions, Virtual Reality Headsets), Production Material (Glass Substrate, Polishing Material, Coating Material) – Forecast to 2023
Market synopsis
The smartphone, with a touch display panel, the market is growing exponentially. There is a cover glass, generally made of glass, high-quality fiber or plastic that is meant to protect the mobile display and touch system beneath it. These cover glasses are available in the various types to house the design of the smartphone or another wearable device, particularly, in case of mobile phones. These form factors are known as 2D, 2.5D, and 3D rendering to the shape of the glass and how the glass is coated with the display and touch system. The cover glass is applied on the display to add a level of protection from the front and rear panels including the cameras. The cover glass is generally produced by molding, cleaning, and cutting glass sheet. The smartphone casing is the back cover of the smartphone that is manufactured using some of the metals. However, glass and ceramic are the emerging elements that are increasingly invading the smartphone. As smartphone manufacturers are competing on design built type, design, and touch sensitivity, smartphone manufacturers are encouraging touch panel suppliers to manufacture improved cover glass shapes and design. 3D cover glass finds its largest application in a smartphone.
Get Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5306
Another major factor driving the growth of 3D glass market include smartphone based augmented reality and virtual reality headsets that tend to involve the 3D holographic technology into smartphones. This technology is becoming one of its own kind and many enterprises are competing to grab the major portion of the market. The AR smartphone experience is on its stage of emergence and the AR headsets are getting recognized each day with having a large opportunity to the global 3D glass market. Now with the use of AR enabled products, glass cover is divided into: 2D glass, 2.5D glass, and 3D glass. 2.5D glass is the middle of the plane, but the edge is curved design, based on 2D and 2.5D. With a strong sense of three-dimensional, 3D glass has perfect surface fit, more display area, more aesthetic and more symmetrical.
Some of the mobile phone vendors such as Samsung, Huawei, Vivo, Coolpad, and Xiaomi have already launched mid and high-end smartphones applied with 3D cover glass. Apple had launched iPhone8, iPhone8 Plus, and iPhone X in Sept 2017 where OLED+3D dual-curved glass was used, giving a new push to the 3D glass manufacturing industry. Unlike 3D front cover glass, 3D back cover glass can also be applied to non-flexible displays. Most of the smartphone manufacturers adopting 3D glass in their products to have a blend of 2.5D front cover glass and 3D back cover glass.
Segmentation
On the basis of type, the market is segmented into 3D Display Glass, and 3D Back Cover Glass.
On the basis of application, the market is segmented into smartphones, wearable device, televisions, virtual reality headset, and others.
On the basis of the production material, the market is segmented into the glass substrate, polishing material, coating material, and others.
On the basis of the region, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and rest of the world.
Regional analysis
Asia Pacific region is dominating the global 3D glass market. This region is the hub of smartphone manufacturing, which, in turn, tends to be the largest application for 3D glass. At present, many smartphone manufacturers are already installing 2.5D glass on their smartphones and planning to implement 3D glass on every smartphone range. Companies like Apple and Samsung have already installed 3D glass on their high-end smartphones. Another major factor leading to the growth of the 3D glass market in the Asia Pacific due to increasing smartphone penetration in countries like India, China, and parts of South East Asia. North America is the second largest region in the global 3D glass market.
Key players
Some of the prominent players in the market are Lens Technology (China), CPT Technology (Group) Co Ltd (China), Zhejiang Firstar Panel Technology Co., Ltd (China), Shenzhen O-film Tech (China), Triumph Science & Technology Co Ltd (China), JiangXi Holitech Technology Co., Ltd (China), G-TECH Optoelectronics Corporation (Taiwan), Corning Inc (U.S.), Dongguan RBD Technology Co., Ltd (China), BYD Electronic Company Limited (China), and Henan Comyoung Electronics Co., Ltd (China) among others.
Get Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/3d-glass-market-5306
Intended Audience
• 3D Glass Market services providers
• Smart components manufacturers
• Government agencies
• Cloud Service providers
• Electronic components manufacturers
• Value-added resellers
• Construction builders
• Research firms
• Automation & control networking technologies vendors
• Designers/consultants (HVAC, security, and fire & safety)
• Component manufacturers (sensors & controls)
• Home management systems (product & server providers)
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
AstraZeneca's share price took a slight dip this morning after it revealed a phase three trial of a potential treatment for lung cancer had been unsuccessful.
The pharmaceutical giant, which is in the process of moving its global headquarters to Cambridge, had been testing a combination of two drugs, Imfinzi and tremelimumab, on patients with locally-advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer who have received at least two prior treatments.
But the results of the trial, named ARCTIC, show it didn't produce a clinically-meaningful improvement in terms progression-free survival and overall survival for patients when compared to the current standard treatment.
However, it wasn't all bad news, as Imfinzi used as a monotherapy was shown to reduce the risk of death when compared to chemotherapy.
Sean Bohen, executive vice president, global medicines development and chief medical officer for AstraZeneca, said: "While we are disappointed that the combination of Imfinzi plus tremelimumab did not result in a statistically-significant survival benefit in this heavily pre-treated patient population, we are encouraged by the activity of Imfinzi monotherapy observed in this trial and look forward to presenting the full data from the ARCTIC trial at an upcoming medical meeting."
AstraZeneca's share price fell one per cent when the markets opened on Tuesday morning.
Meanwhile, AZ has upped its stake in another life sciences firm, Circassia, from 14.2 per cent to 19.9 per cent. The two companies are collaborating on the development of two of Circassia's products, bronchodilator Tudorza, and Duaklir, a combination drug. The proceeds of the share issue, up to $45m, will be used by Circassia to cover R&D costs.
New Jersey is regularly hammered as a state where residents pay too much in taxes and get too little for what they're shelling out. Take comfort in this: It could be worse. RewardExpert recently analyzed Census Bureau data to determine how much value residents of all 50 states receive for their tax dollars in terms of government spending on services, infrastructure, education, and public safety. New Jersey took the 43rd slot. Hawaii was at the bottom of the heap, while Alaska took first place. New York was at 5; Pennsylvania, 22; and Connecticut, 48.
RewardExpert is a free service that helps users take full advantage of credit card points and travel rewards.
Click here for the full article »
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Iconic Weatherford building is demolished
The Parker County Courthouse Square was stirring in May 2016 as folks came to bid farewell to a historic structure known at various times as the Eddleman Building, Sturgess Dress Shop, the Bowden Building and the Bradford Building.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Market Highlights:
The global automated optical inspection system market is projected to witness a rapid growth during the forecast period owing to increasing demand for miniaturization of printed circuit boards across various industry verticals. Moreover, increasing transformations in the internet of things and growing demand for highly efficient AOI systems is one major factor driving the market growth.
The global automated optical inspection system market by geography is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the Rest of the World. The Asia Pacific market is expected to witness significant growth and hold the largest share of the global market during the forecast period. Major economies in the region – China, Japan, and Taiwan are anticipated to drive the growth of the automated optical inspection system market in Asia Pacific region owing to the presence of a large number of established key players such as Saki Corporation, Daiichi Jitsugyo Co., Ltd., and Test Research Inc. among others in this region. Due to sustainable and well-established economies in the region, the market is likely to show immense growth in the coming future. Additionally, the growth of the market is also attributed to increasing demand for high-quality electronic components from various industry verticals such as aerospace and defense and automotive. Major growth in demand for miniaturization of PCBs is primarily driving the growth for highly efficient AOI systems.
Global automated optical inspection system market is projected to reach USD 1,188 million at a CAGR of over 17% by the end of the forecast period 2017-2023.
Taste the market data and market information presented through more than 30 market data tables and figures spread over 100 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on “Automated Optical Inspection System Market Research Report-Forecast to 2023”.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5979
Automated Optical Inspection System Market Segmentation
The global automated optical inspection system market is segmented on the basis of the component, type, technology, and application. The application segment is further segmented into aerospace & defense, automotive, consumer electronics, industrial electronics, medical devices, telecommunication, and others. By application, the automotive application is expected to grow at the highest rate during the forecast period. The proliferation of electronics in the automotive industry has resulted in the growth of the automated optical inspection system market.
Some of the prominent players in the global automated optical inspection system market: Camtek Ltd. (Israel), Nordson Corporation (U.S.), Orbotech Ltd. (Israel), Saki Corporation (Japan), CyberOptics Corporation (U.S.), Daiichi Jitsugyo Co., Ltd. (Japan), Test Research Inc. (Taiwan), Viscom AG (Germany), AOI Systems (U.K), Goepel Electronic GmbH (Germany), Machine Vision Products (U.S.), Mirtec Corporation (U.S.), and Vi Technology (France) among others.
Market Research Analysis:
Asia Pacific is estimated to account for the largest share of the market and is also projected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period. The market in Asia Pacific is witnessing rapid growth due to advancements in technology and rise in demand for high-quality electronic components. The growth in Asia Pacific region is majorly dominated by the countries such as China, Japan, and Taiwan. The economies of the countries in this region are majorly dominated by the electronics industry. Also, the availability of cost-effective manufacturing infrastructure and skilled labor are the major factors responsible for driving the growth of automated optical inspection market in the Asia Pacific region.
Key Players:
Some of the prominent players in the global automated optical inspection system market are Camtek Ltd. (Israel), Nordson Corporation (U.S.), Orbotech Ltd. (Israel), Saki Corporation (Japan), CyberOptics Corporation (U.S.), Daiichi Jitsugyo Co., Ltd. (Japan), Test Research Inc. (Taiwan), Viscom AG (Germany), AOI Systems (U.K), Goepel Electronic GmbH (Germany), Machine Vision Products (U.S.), Mirtec Corporation (U.S.), and Vi Technology (France) among others.
Regional Analysis:
The global automated optical inspection system market is studied under Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, and Rest of the World. Asia Pacific is estimated to account for the largest share of the market and is also expected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period. The growth of the market in Asia Pacific is attributed to advancements in the electronics industry and increasing demand for high-quality electronic components across different industry verticals. Also, growing demand for speed and accuracy of inspection are other factors fueling the market growth.
Intended Audience
Technology Investors
Research/Consultancy Firms
Government Bodies
Consulting Service Providers
Component manufacturers
Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs)
Integrated circuit designers
Software and Services Providers
System Integrators
Semiconductor Product Designers and Fabricators
Brows Full Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/automated-optical-inspection-system-market-5979
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact:
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
With housing affordability declining across Canada, one trend is on the rise: parents are increasingly helping their adult children when it comes to housing.
That assistance is coming in the form of cash gifts/loans for today's growing down payments, and also from parents providing shelter to their adult children under their own roof.
New data released from the 2016 census shows that more than one-third (34.7%) of young adults aged 20 to 34 are now living with their parents, having either left at some point and returned, or never left at all.
That number has been increasing steadily since 2001 when 30.6% of young adults were living with at least one parent.
Among those aged 30-34, the percentage co-residing with a parent rose from 11.2% in 2011 to 13.5% in 2016.
Unsurprisingly, areas that have seen rapid home price increases report higher instances of young adults living at home.
Ontario saw the highest percentage of all the provinces, with 42.1% of those aged 20-34 living at home—up from 35% in 2001. That means more than two in five young adults in the province now live with their parents.
And of the 35 census metropolitan areas, Toronto and Oshawa reported nearly half (47.4% and 47.2%, respectively) of young adults living at home.
While it may be tempting to link this increase strictly to rising home prices, the census offers no concrete explanation.
In an interview with Global News, senior Statistics Canada analyst Jonathan Chagnon said it can be due to a combination of factors. “…for British Columbia and Ontario, these are regions where we see a lot of immigrants, so that could be part of cultural differences,” he told Global. “(But) these are also regions where the price of housing is really high.”
The “Bank of Mom and Dad”
For those who aren't providing shelter, many parents are contributing financially towards the down payments of their children.
A recent CIBC poll indicated that a full 76% of parents would offer financial support to help their child move out, marry or live with a partner. And despite a significant percentage of adult children currently living at home, a majority of parents (65%) said they would prefer to give a financial gift rather than have their child and spouse/partner live with them.
The poll found that the national average gift size was $24,125. For those with household incomes over $100,000, that figure nearly doubled to $40,558, with as many as 25% giving their kids more than $50,000.
In Mortgage Professionals Canada's annual fall survey, author Will Dunning noted that down payment assistance for first-time buyers from their parents has trended above its historical average in recent years.
For many years, “funds from parents and other family members (in the form of loans and gifts) have been a small part of down payments, averaging 14% for all first-time buyers,” he wrote. “This share was stable until recently, rising to 18% for recent buyers (2014 to 2016).”
However, he cautioned against drawing the conclusion that this source of funds from the “Bank of Mom and Dad” has become an important driver of home-buying.
“The suggestion is that, in a more expensive housing market, parents are increasingly helping their children with down payments, via gifts and loans: the children need larger down payments; because the value of the parental home has increased rapidly during the past decade and a half, the parents are in a better position to assist the children,” he noted. “The data indicates that there is truth to the suggestion that parents are providing more help, but it also shows that this help is less significant than may be imagined (in terms of driving house sales).”
Additional Tidbits
Some other key findings from the census included:
The garden bridge, proposed to cross the Thames from the South Bank to Temple, is nothing if not a landmark of the post-truth era. It has wrung tens of millions out of the public purse on the basis of deceptions, distortions and facts that proved to be fake. First sold as “a gift to the people of London”, entirely paid for by private sector donations, it is now due to cost a minimum of £60m in public money. Its estimated total cost has gone from £60m to “north of £200 million”. — Rowan Moore
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court on Thursday granted former union minister P Chidambaram interim protection from arrest till July 3 in INX Media graft case and has sought CBI response on his anticipatory bail plea in the case.
HC has asked Chidambaram to join questioning in INX Media case as and when called by CBI. A Delhi court on Wednesday also directed the the Enforcement Directorate not to take any coercive action against Chidambaram in the Aitcel Maxis case till June 5.
The CBI had on February 28 arrested Chidambaram's son Karti in the INX Media case. Later, he was granted bail.
Karti is accused of taking money to facilitate Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) clearance to INX Media in 2007 when his father was the Finance Minister in the UPA government. The CBI registered an FIR in the case on May 15 last year.
The CBI has alleged that irregularities were committed in giving INX Media the clearance to receive Rs 305 crore in foreign investment. The CBI initially alleged that Karti had received Rs 10 lakh as bribe for facilitating the FIPB clearance.
The figure was, however, revised later to about Rs $1 million or 6.5 crore at the current exchange rate.
The CBI and the Enforcement Directorate are probing the case.
With Agency Inputs
Two fishermen, Jason Elizondo Stab and Nicholas Long were fishing off San Luis Pass on Galveston Island. They caught a pregnant stingray, and it gave birth right in front of them on the pier. They threw mama and her babies back into the bay.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bollards. Love them or hate them, take them or leave them, they sure are all over the place. Have your shins been gouged? Has your pram been prevented? Perhaps a bollard has been to blame?
Like rotund, inanimate policemen, bollards stand guard on our city's roads, barring access, controlling traffic and, hopefully, creating safer streets for everyone.
But, like the bad cops in films, some bollards are ruining it for the rest. This is why the Cambridge Cycling Campaign is gearing up to tackle these bad bollards with a new campaign aimed at sorting out our streets once and for all.
The #absolutebollards campaign will highlight problem bollards in the city. From knee-height 'shin-gougers' to gate-like 'pram preventers', the campaign is asking members of the public to call in the worst examples for an interactive map of problem bollards.
A spokeswoman for the Cambridge Cycling Campaign said: "The gates at Hooper Street, Gwydir Street and Rustat Road have been really successful at removing rat-running vehicles from these residential streets and making the places quieter and safer for walking and cycling.
"However, the gates themselves can make it difficult to get through, especially on non-standard cycles such as cargo bikes, tricycles and with trailers.
“These type of cycles make it possible to replace more driven journeys with cycled ones. Replacing the gates with a removable bollard would reduce conflict at these pinch points, while still allowing access for emergency vehicles.
“There is a broader issue that chicanes and badly-positioned bollards across the city exclude rightful users of routes, not just cycles, but also people with wheelchairs and prams.
“To make the most of safe routes away from cars, all users need to be able to access them, including the most vulnerable. This is why we are about to launch a campaign against obstructions like this on off-road routes.”
More information on the campaign is available here.
Gary Armstrong, business development manager at Outspoken Delivery, said: "Some of the bollards and access restriction gates around Cambridge can be particularly difficult to navigate with the cargo bikes we use to make our deliveries.
“Cargo bikes are longer than a standard bicycle so threading through the chicane type restrictions can be difficult, especially when carrying full and heavy loads.
“There are an increasing number of cargo bikes and trikes being used in Cambridge to transport children and these bikes can be wider than a standard bicycle and our riders frequently see parents having to walk their bikes through these hazards."
Speaking at Cambridge City Council's east area committee earlier this month, Cllr Noel Kavanagh, Cambridgeshire County Council's cycling champion, welcomed the idea of pushing for more suitable bollards in the city.
He said some, like the larger cycle gates, were beginning to look a bit old and they were not always fit for purpose. He said work would need to be done to see what bollards were most suitable for various parts of the city.
Government gives a progress report on the merger of Cayman's Customs and Immigration departments to create its Border Force Agency.
The Premier addressed the merger and the creation of the new border agency last week in the LA.
It was one of two major initiatives he announced last year, the other being the creation of Cayman's Coast Guard.
The Premier said in the coming month's major changes will be seen on the ground at customs and Immigration.
«Over the next six months we will start seeing a single uniform for some staff members and a fully joined up border force should be in place for the start of the 2019 financial year which is January,” said Premier Hon. Alden McLaughlin.
The Premier said staff are already training for the transition and are engaging in joint operations. He also assured the aim is to have both the Coast Guard and Border Force led by Caymanians.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Those who participate in sport can be very particular about the equipment they use. There probably isn't a runner who doesn't attribute a personal best to a winning combination of the right socks and shoes, or marathon success to wearing the right compression shorts on the day.
It's this meticulous obsession to detail that helps sports people focus on what they're doing, meaning they can put interference and distraction to one side, get in the zone and perform. For many, music plays a big part in training, so sports headphones have to hit the proverbial nail on the head.
So what happens when Monster teams up with Adidas to make a pair of in-ear headphones that it says are "ready to run"?
Both Adidas and Monster have some iconic designs to their names and the pairing on the Sport Supernova is rather nice. The contrasting white and black is a classic look. It might avoid the fun of fluro colourways that are prevalent on sports headphones, but that makes it all the more likely that you'll wear the Supernovas away from the running track too.
The rounded buds are neatly capped with the Adidas logo, with Monster branding slipping into position on the front. They aren't overly showy, which some Monster headphones can be, so it's probably a design that will suit many.
To keep the ear buds firmly in place when you're running, they come with what Monster is calling a SportClip. This isn't unique - we've seen the addition of extra tabs or wings elsewhere, Sennheiser for example - but we found them to be comfortable on the Supernova.
That means it's easy to get these in-ear headphones to stay in your ears effectively. Even on runs of an hour or longer, we found they stayed in place and didn't get uncomfortable. And as the Sport Supernova are water-resistant they won't be damaged by your sweating either.
But there's one element of the Supernova design we don't like: the cable.
Adidas/Monster has elected to use a flat cable. This is designed to be tangle-free, which makes sense if you're the sort of person who will throw these headphones in the bottom of a gym bag. However, when running, we found the flattened cable to be just too inflexible. It doesn't move with your body as you run, instead it swings like a chain, something we also found when walking while wearing these headphones.
We tend to route the headphone cables inside our running top to avoid accidentally catching the cable on a swinging arm - but in the case of the Sport Supernova this doesn't really work, as the rigidity of the cable makes that uncomfortable. Where round cables will move with your body, this flat cable tends to drift around, so we were constantly moving it back, ultimately tucking it under a heart-rate monitor strap to get it under control.
If you're not a runner, or are planning to connect to a music player that's placed on a treadmill then you might not encounter these sorts of problems, so not all is lost, but it's certainly something to consider.
Those cable woes are something of a disappointment, because the performance of these headphones is actually very good. As we've said, we achieved a great fit, meaning plenty of isolation from exterior noise and benefiting the rich bassy sound of these headphones.
For sport we tend to choose upbeat music, such as Ministry of Sound Running Trax, or some of the fantastic MoS Mash Up Mixes (especially the great continuous mixes that give you over an hour of unbroken beats). The Adidas Sport Supernova deal with the bass of such dance tracks nicely, with enough punch to ensure you can still feel the music when you're sweating and pounding the pavement.
But the audio delivery is also immersive enough to make for pleasant listening when you're just relaxing at home or riding on the bus.
There's an inline mic and controls on the Supernova's cable, meaning you don't have to reach for your phone when you want to skip tracks or take a call. This is designed to work with a wide variety of devices, so you'll get some response whether you're on Android or iPhone.
There will be slight differences in what ControlTalk will offer from its three buttons. Generally speaking, the central button will control playback, track skipping and answering or declining calls. The top and bottom buttons offer volume controls across most devices.
We found the mic to work well enough in conversations, as well as when using voice controls through Siri or Google Now. Whether that's a function you'll need when exercising remains debatable, especially as the mic and controls add to the overall weight on those cables.
Residents in Chanute have a new place to purchase fuel, meals, snacks and more. The new Love's Travel Stop, located at U.S. Highway 169 and 190th Road, opened for business this morning. The new travel stop adds approximately 60 jobs to Neosho County.
“We look forward to providing the ‘Clean Places, Friendly Faces' Love's is known for to Chanute residents,” said Tom Love, founder and executive chairman of Love's. “Chanute is in an ideal location along the busy U.S. Highway 169. We'll be able to conveniently serve members of the community, as well as professional drivers who travel to and from Kansas City and Tulsa, Oklahoma, and beyond.”
The new store is open 24/7 and offers gourmet coffee, fresh fruit, gift items, an Arby's restaurant, six fuel pumps and more. The 6,500-square-foot travel stop also provides services for professional truck drivers including truck-parking spaces, showers and diesel fuel pumps.
Love's will celebrate the opening by donating $2,000 to Communities in Schools of Mid-America at Southeast Kansas, a dropout prevention organization that partners area students with critical community resources. The donation will be presented at a ribbon cutting at noon Friday, Feb. 10.
Photo: AFP
Uber is about to face stiff competition in France with the launch on Thursday of Taxify, a car-hailing app that claims it will be 10 percent cheaper than its American rival - and will pay its drivers more.
The Estonian start-up, which has rapidly spread across Europe, Africa and the Middle East since its launch four years ago, says it has more than 2,000 drivers ready to hit the streets of Paris this week and has a list of 3,000 more waiting to sign up.
That will still be far less than the thousands currently working for Uber in the French capital, but Taxify says it will be pushing hard to quickly provide a better alternative to the US behemoth and aims to conquer a third of the market within a year.
The company is financially backed by Didi Chuxing, the Chinese ride-sharing app that forced Uber out of China.
"Paris is essentially dominated by one American company," CEO Markus Villig told AFP.
"We want to prove that European companies can also come in and gain a significant market share and show some competition," said Villig who founded Taxify when he was a 19-year old student.
It will provide an almost-identical service to Uber and other ride-sharing apps but promises lower fares.
"Taxify will take 15 percent commission (from drivers), while Uber takes 25 percent,” said Taxify's 23-year-old CEO and co-founder, Markus Villig.
“That will enable drivers to earn more and be more happy. And a happy driver makes for a happy customer,” he told Le Parisien newspaper.
Uber's drivers in Paris have protested in the past about the treatment from their bosses, notably in October 2015 when the company announced a 20 percent fare reduction in a bid to fight off competition from other ride hailing apps.
“Uber's near monopoly allows it to play around with the flat rate without a care for the livelihoods of its chauffeurs,” Mohammed Rabi, spokesman of the Uber drivers union said at the time.
Taxify's 23-year-old CEO and co-founder, Markus Villig.
Taxify already operates in 19 countries around the world and claims a total of around three million users, and France is now the next country on its hit list.
“Paris is one of the biggest markets in the world (and) it is extremely important for us to be there,” said Villig, whose firm plans to launch other French cities over the coming months.
But French taxi drivers, who have fought bitter battles with Uber, plan to throw a spanner in the works of the Estonian firm.
The National Taxi Drivers Union (UNT) has said it plans to file a legal complaint that argues that the name of the new app - Taxify - may confuse customers and lead them to think they are hailing a regular taxi.
Taxify had a rocky start when it launched in London last month - it was quickly ordered to suspend operations there in response to an investigation launched by the city's transport authority.
Transport for London said the company lacked the proper private hire licences to operate in the city but Taxify has appealed and as vowed to be back online as soon as possible.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
DTH van der Merwe will captain Canada in its June rugby test series against Scotland, Russia and the U.S.
Coach Kingsley Jones has named Tyler Ardron and Phil Mack vice-captains.
The 30-man squad contains 16 forwards and 14 backs with a combined cap total of 526. The only uncapped player is UBC fly half Theo Sauder.
"Sauder is someone that has been on my radar since I arrived," Jones said in a statement. "I've watched his club clips and went to watch some of his games. He has an amazing skill set, there's nothing it seems he can't do on the ball.
"He has tremendous pace and he's a cheeky confident player, which is what you need in the positions he could end up playing. He's a great option for us to have."
The Canadian team will be without Connor Braid, Admir Cejvanovic and Andrew Coe, who are with the national sevens squad.
Taylor Paris, Matt Evans, Conor Trainor and Ciaran Hearn are among those left out as they recover from injury.
The roster includes 12 overseas pros and 17 members of Canada's centralized program.
Canada, ranked 21st in the world, opens June 9 against fifth-ranked Scotland on June 9 at Edmonton's Commonwealth Stadium before taking on No. 19 Russia on June 16 at Ottawa's Twin Elm Rugby Park and the 15th-ranked U.S. Eagles on June 23 at Halifax's Wanderers Ground.
The Canadian men are gearing up for a four-team repechage tournament in November, which represents their third and final attempt to qualify for the 2019 Rugby World Cup.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 13-2-1 8-4-1 5-2-0 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 10-5-0 10-5-1 5-1-1 Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 11-5-0 8-5-1 6-4-0 Washington 30 18 11 1 37 94 88 12-5-0 6-6-1 5-2-0 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 6-5-2 10-4-2 2-3-0 N.Y. Islanders 29 16 10 3 35 105 99 8-1-2 8-9-1 4-3-1 Pittsburgh 31 16 12 3 35 93 102 10-4-1 6-8-2 4-2-0 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 12-5-2 4-6-0 5-4-2 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 9-4-2 5-5-2 1-1-2 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 8-7-3 5-7-1 8-1-1 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 6-4-3 5-6-4 2-3-2 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 4-6-4 7-5-3 1-0-3 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 5-6-4 6-7-1 3-7-0 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 6-6-3 5-8-1 3-3-1 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 4-5-5 5-7-2 2-2-1 Buffalo 29 7 17 5 19 62 99 3-9-1 4-8-4 2-4-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 10-5-2 10-3-1 3-3-2 St. Louis 30 20 8 2 42 101 76 10-5-0 10-3-2 5-1-1 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 11-2-2 7-5-2 8-1-1 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 11-2-0 8-7-1 9-1-0 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 10-2-1 7-6-4 5-1-1 San Jose 28 16 10 2 34 76 65 9-6-1 7-4-1 4-1-2 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 8-8-0 8-4-2 5-3-0 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 10-4-0 6-9-1 4-8-0 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 5-6-3 9-6-1 3-5-0 Minnesota 28 14 11 3 31 83 84 8-3-2 6-8-1 4-5-0 Chicago 29 13 11 5 31 87 81 7-5-2 6-6-3 2-5-2 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 7-7-3 5-4-4 3-2-4 Colorado 28 13 13 2 28 90 94 8-5-1 5-8-1 4-5-1 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 5-9-0 7-7-2 4-1-0 Arizona 32 7 20 5 19 74 111 3-8-1 4-12-4 1-5-3
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Saturday's Games
St. Louis 6, Detroit 1
Edmonton 6, Montreal 2
Colorado 7, Florida 3
Tampa Bay 4, Winnipeg 3, OT
Columbus 1, Arizona 0
Boston 3, N.Y. Islanders 1
Toronto 4, Pittsburgh 3
N.Y. Rangers 5, New Jersey 2
Vegas 5, Dallas 3
San Jose 5, Ottawa 0
Calgary 4, Vancouver 2
Los Angeles 3, Carolina 2, OT
Sunday's Games
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Arizona at Chicago, 7 p.m.
Buffalo at St. Louis, 7 p.m.
Minnesota at San Jose, 9 p.m.
Monday's Games
Colorado at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Washington at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Florida at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Stay tuned for hacking info
President-elect Donald Trump on New Year's Eve teased he has more information about Russian hacking allegations that will be shared Tuesday or Wednesday.
Trump told reporters at his Mar-a-Lago resort that he continues to doubt intelligence agencies' contentions that Russia was behind hacks of Democratic Party officials, citing the 2003 intelligence failures regarding Iraqi weapons of mass destruction.
Trump said he knows a lot about hacking and it's hard to prove, according to The New York Times.
“So it could be somebody else. And I also know things that other people don't know, and so they cannot be sure of the situation.”
Asked what he knows that others don't, he said, “You'll find out on Tuesday or Wednesday.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The 1980's nostalgia tour
From Sylvester Stallone to Don King, from Bobby Knight to "The Art of the Deal," the faded icons and symbols of 30 years ago prop up a cultural landscape for President-Elect Donald Trump, as the Associated Press describes here.
And The 1600 comes via town crier?
In the same Q&A with reporters, Trump also had a tip on cybersecurity — use a courier for important information.
“If you have something really important, write it out and have it delivered by courier, the old-fashioned way, because I'll tell you what, no computer is safe. I don't care what they say, no computer is safe.”
Trump, according to Politico, has his emails printed out for him, marks them up with a black Sharpie and has them sent back as PDFs.
Trump camp questions Russia sanctions
In response to Russian hacking, the Obama administration expelled 35 diplomats and shuttered two Russian government compounds in the U.S., including a 14-acre Upper Brookville estate, Newsday's David Olson reported Friday.
Sean Spicer, the incoming White House communications director, on Sunday questioned whether that response was political rather than diplomatic.
Spicer, on ABC's “This Week,” said Trump is going to be briefed by heads of intelligence agencies about Russian hacking.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“The president-elect needs to sit down with the heads of the intelligence communities next week and get a full briefing on what they knew, why they knew it, whether or not the Obama administration's response was in proportion to the actions taken. Maybe it was; maybe it wasn't. We need to have that,” he said.
Spicer said the United States didn't retaliate against China after a 2015 hack of federal employee information.
“There is a question about whether there's a political retribution here versus a diplomatic response,” he said.
Facing a divided country
Outside Trump Tower in midtown Manhattan, competing camps of detractors and supporters engage in shouting matches, providing a daily reminder of the divided country Trump faces, Newsday's Laura Figueroa reports.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
In the debate over how Democrats should respond to a Trump presidency, Robert Zimmerman of Great Neck, a Democratic National Committeeman from Great Neck and a prominent Clinton supporter, still holds out hope for a Trump pivot away from Twitter attacks. He also called for Democrats to take the high road to avoid partisan gridlock. Zimmerman specifically cites not wanting to follow the obstructionist example of GOP Senate leader Mitch McConnell, who has held firm on points like not holding hearings for Obama's U.S. Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland.
Voters have apparently shrugged off Republicans' lack of cooperation and the GOP now controls the executive and legislative branches of government.
Biographer kicked off golf course
Trump on Friday ejected an author of a biography critical of the president-elect from his West Palm Beach golf course as he prepared to play in a foursome with billionaire David Koch, according to Politico. Harry Hurt III, author of a 1993 book “Lost Tycoon: The Many Lives of Donald J. Trump” posted on Facebook Saturday that he approached Trump to congratulate him on his presidential victory and they got into a testy exchange.
What else is happening
Holden's Cruze had a decent innings before its forced retirement in 2016. Making its debut in June 2009 (there was also a Cruze mini 4WD, 2002-07), the small sedan promised style, performance, safety and value in a “world-class small car”.
It got off to a cracking start, surging into the sales chart top 10 with 25,000 examples shifted in its first 12 months.
Now the nameplate has disappeared along with local manufacturing. How does the Cruze stack up on the used market?
Not covered in glory, sadly. According to many Cruze owners you're really taking a punt on these sedans, then the hatches and wagons that followed.
Camera Icon Holden Cruze: Sedans were first to arrive. Picture: News Limited
Get a good one and it's fine to live with. You need to get lucky — plenty of owners have horror stories.
Any Cruze built before March 2011 came from South Korea and anecdotally the build quality of these didn't match the South Australian-built Series II Cruzes.
Even then, the Aussie-assembled Cruzes used many imported parts. Their engines and gearboxes came from Europe or Korea, — and it's the oily bits that have caused most issues.
Automatic transmission failures on Cruzes are woefully commonplace, costing thousands to replace, or more than older cars are worth.
Oil leaks, oil cooler cracks and blown head gaskets are often reported. A lengthy recall list on Cruzes suggest components used weren't up to scratch.
Camera Icon Cruze hatch 2011: Sharp styling. Picture: Supplied
Early Cruzes can be had for about $4000 these days, and who knows, you may find a good one that was well screwed together and been well maintained. With so many bad owner experiences though, these Korean imports are hard to recommend.
At the 2009 launch you could have your Cruze as a petrol or diesel, manual or auto, and in CD or CDX grade. The diesels suffered serious turbo lag, while the petrol engine struggled for power.
On the positive side they were sharply styled, handled well, proved fuel efficient and had decent passenger space for the small car class. The safety rating was five stars.
CDX versions came with 17-inch alloys, cruise control, heated leather seats, rear parking sensors and audio controls on the leather-trimmed steering wheel.
The locally built Series II Cruze went on sale in late March 2011 with fresh styling and a new 1.4-litre turbo option.
Two new grades — sportier SRi and SRi-V — landed with impressive sports suspension, rear spoiler and, in the latter, satnav, smart key, 10GB hard drive audio and seven-inch colour screen.
The 2012 Cruzes arrived in November 2011 with a hatchback version joining the sedan. Range-wide all now featured Bluetooth connectivity. The body style line-up was complete by December 2012 with a Cruze Sportwagon CD and CDX, with 500L of boot space or 1500L with seats folded.
Camera Icon Cruze CDX Sportwagon. Picture: News Limited
The sportiest Cruze launched in March 2013 with a lusty 132kW 1.6-litre turbo for SRi and SRi-V models.
At the entry level, the Equipe (replacing CD) now came with an improved suspension tune, alloys, fog lights, park assist, seven-inch screen and MyLink phone connectivity, while the rest also gained push button start and reverse camera.
In May 2014 the Cruze Z-Series replaced CDX and SRi-V models, adding fancy dark alloys and other style flashes.
Finally, a January 2015 facelift brought a new front with daytime running lights. The final model rolled off the line in October 2016.
WHAT TO LOOK FOR
With 13 separate recalls for 2009-16 Cruzes, make sure you check (productsafety.gov.au) that any Cruze you consider has up-to-date fixes.
With the most common and expensive problem being the automatic gearbox, check there are no dashboard warning lights and when testing one ensure all gears can be engaged easily and that the engine isn't “flaring” when you put your foot down. If there's a lot of noise and no speed increase, walk away.
Camera Icon Cruze from 2009: Good passenger space for the class. Picture: News Corp Australia
Look for fluid leaks under the transmission and engine, which could also spell disaster, as can oil in the radiator coolant.
Cruze owners report many oil coolers have cracked, so check the radiator for brown spots in the coolant or a mayonnaise-type residue. An expensive blown head gasket is likely here.
Among the raft of different problems are electrical issues with the ECU and windows, aircon failure, brake rotors prematurely wearing or even failing, coil pack failure (the engine will run rough and a warning light will come on) and turbo failure.
Unless you're a mechanical ace, get a trustworthy expert to check any Cruze before buying, such is the litany of potential dramas.
IAIN SAYS
1.5 stars
Holden sold lots of them but Cruzes have been plagued with problems. As a used buy, they're hard to recommend ahead of rivals such as the Toyota Corolla, Mazda3 and Hyundai i30, which have far better reputations for reliability. If your heart is set on a Cruze, pick as late a model as you can afford, which hopefully will have some of its warranty remaining.
OWNERS SAY
L.B. Pearce: I wasn't impressed by my first Cruze, bought in 2009. I have had no problems with
the second one, a 2013 model, which has done 57000km. I travelled all around Victoria, country and coast, with three adults and luggage and it never missed a beat. I run it on E10 and every fourth fill I use unleaded. It uses no oil. I am in my late 70s and I think this one will do me. The Cruzes are roomy with a good size boot.
Barry Garment: I bought a CD automatic diesel new in May 2010 and it has since travelled 107,000km. The vehicle has been reliable, comfortable and economical — it has more front seat space than the VSII Statesman it replaced. At 110km/h, the motor ticks over at about 1200rpm and returns about 6.0L/100km — economy around town rises to about 8.0L. It has ample power for safe overtaking and hilly country. The tyres lasted beyond 80,000km. The airconditioning compressor failed but was replaced at no cost by GM-H, despite the vehicle being a couple of months out of warranty. I have no plans to replace it.
G. Purdue: I bought a CDX in 2009. Fortunately we survived. It was the biggest piece of rubbish among the 17 cars we have owned. The interior was excellent but the cruise control nearly killed us on several occasions. It was thirstier than our motorhome, too — over the 12,800km before trade-in, we averaged 13.3L/100km.
EXPERTS SAY
Holden sold about 175,000 examples of the Cruze, both imported and locally built, before the Elizabeth plant closed. Among used listings, 90 per cent are petrol and more than three-quarters are automatics, with the base CD variant the most common.
The CD ($20,990 new) is valued at $6600 for a 2009 model in good condition with about 120,000km. A CDX diesel from that year ($29,990 new) is $9300.
In 2016, the base Equipe with 1.8-litre engine and five-speed manual gearbox cost $19,890 new, and is now $14,950. The SRi Z-Series for the same year ($29,340 new) is valued at $21,900.
On retained value, the 2009 Cruze narrowly trails the Toyota Corolla and Mitsubishi Lancer hatch, but outperforms the Ford Focus. Mazda3, Hyundai i30 and Volkswagen Golf all hold their value significantly better than the Cruze. The 2016 Cruze has depreciated quicker than all its small-car rivals.
HOLDEN CRUZE 2009-16
Camera Icon Picture: Supplied
PRICE NEW $19,890-$29,990
SAFETY 5 stars
ENGINES 1.8-litre 4-cyl, 104kW/176Nm; 2.0-litre 4-cyl turbo diesel, 120kW/360Nm; 1.4-litre 4-cyl turbo, 103kW/200Nm; 1.6-litre 4-cyl turbo, 132kW/230Nm
TRANSMISSION 5 and 6-speed man, 6-speed auto; FWD
THIRST 5.6L-7.9L/100km7
With markets in the midst of a bull run, equity-linked savings schemes (ELSS) of mutual funds are increasingly finding takers due to their lowest lock-in period of three years, as compared to other options, such as PPF, NSC and bank fixed deposits.
Here are some of the ELSS tax saving funds that have given stellar returns in the past 5 years, as reported by Economic Times.
The first one is Reliance Tax Saver, which gave a return of around 12.31/22.08 in 3/5 years. The top three holdings are TVS Motor, SBI, ICICI Bank.
The fund manager helps to identify companies with high quality management and promoters with good understanding of underlying business. ET reported that, 60 per cent of the portfolio is allocated to core large cap companies, while the balance is invested in mid and small cap stocks to generate additional alpha for the portfolio.
Second in the list is Axis Long-Term Equity with a return of 12.34/22.05 in 3/5-year. The top three holdings are HDFC Bank, Kotak Bank and Maruti. The AUM sums to Rs 4,266.
As per the report, the fund manager looks for scalable businesses with a high return on capital and structural growth. As compared to peers, the fund manager has a higher allocation to large caps at 70 per cent of the portfolio, and the remaining in midcaps.
BSLI Tax Relief 96 is the third fund which gave a return of 15.98/21.66 in 3/5-year. It's top three holdings are Sundaram Clayton, Honeywell Auto and Gillette. The Assets Under Management is Rs 4,266.
Click here to read the full story.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
ABIGAIL KAUFFMAN Leadership award recipient MOLLY NOON Pi Theta Epsilon inductee
Misericordia
Molly Frances Noon was recently inducted into Pi Theta Epsilon, the Nat-ional Occupational Therapy Honor Society at Mis-ericordia, Dallas, Lu-zerne Coun-ty, where she completed her third year of the five-year program.
Molly has been on the dean's list every semester at the university. She is also a member of the occupational therapy club, the university's dance team and is involved in the Love Your Melon Project.
She is a daughter of Dave and Karen Noon and a granddaughter of Rosemarie Noon, all of Ashland.
Immaculata
Abigail Kauffman, Pottsville, a 2017 graduate of Im-maculata University, received the senior leadership award from the university during a recent ceremony.
Geisinger CMS
The Class of 2017 at Geisinger Commonwealth School of Medicine celebrated a successful Match Day.
The following fourth-year M.D. students opened their envelopes to learn where they will spend the next three to seven years training in specialities. Residencies begin July 1.
Roni Dermo, Pottsville, will train at York Hospital, York, in obstetrics-gynecology; Cassandra Graeff, Pottsville, will train at Greenville Health Sys/University of South Carolina, Greenville, in pediatrics; Elizabeth Helwig, Schuylkill Haven, will train at Medical University of South Carolina, Charleston, in psychiatry.
King's
Hayley Hammer, Shenandoah, a 2017 graduate of King's College, Wilkes-Barre, was inducted into Psi Chi International Honor Society, the honor society for students studying psychology.
Hayley majored in psychology at King's. Lyle Luckenbill, Pottsville, was recently elected treasurer of the Student Government Association at King's College.
A son of Diane and Jerry Luckenbill, Lyle is a finance major with a minor in economics, a consistent dean's list student and a member of Beta Gamma Sigma Honor Society and the marketing and management club.
Molly McMullen, Mahanoy City, a 2017 graduate of King's College, completed a 15-week internship experience at the college's Marketing and Communications Department.
A daughter of Martina Doukas, Molly majored in professional writing with minors in creative writing, psychology and women's studies.
She was an alumni coordinator and orientation leader for Sigma Kappa Tau service sorority, secretary of Campion Literary Society, a staff writer for The Crown newspaper, co-coordinator of Comic Book and Media club and a volunteer with the “Coal Cracker” youth-led newspaper. She was also a dean's list student and a tutor at the writing center.
Kutztown
Gregory Schuettler, Port Carbon, was inducted into the Alpha Epsilon Lambda National Honor Society for graduate students.
To be considered for membership, students must have completed at least 12 credit hours as a degree-seeking student in a graduate program with a grade-point average placing students in top 35 percent of campus graduate students and a record of leadership and service to fellow graduate students or graduate student organizations.
Susquehanna
Ashley Machamer, Lykens, a 2013 Williams Valley High School graduate and a psychology major at Susquehanna University, Selinsgrove, was one of 15 students who recently presented research at the 2017 annual Eastern Psychological Association Meeting in Boston.
M.L. Klotz, Ph.D. served as a supervisor and adviser during the research process collaborating with Ashley. She is a daughter of Jennifer and Adam Kramer and Mark and Brooke Machamer.
Kelsey Miller, Muir, was selected to serve as president of Kappa Delta sorority at Susquehanna University.
A biology major, Kelsey is a 2014 Williams Valley High School graduate and a daughter of Heidi Brummett.
Univ. of Sciences
Shelby L. Weikel, Gordon, a masters of occupational therapy student at the University of the Sciences, Philadelphia, was recognized during the 2017 OT Pinning Ceremony.
As they transition to the professional phase of their education, Shelby took part in the 13th annual ceremony. These master's students will be going into clinics, schools, community centers, hospitals and homes to practice under skilled therapists in order to perfect their skills as entry-level occupational therapists or to conduct research for their capstone projects.
Wilkes
Rachael Krell, Tuscarora, was one of nine students from Wilkes University, Wilkes-Barre, who participated in an alternative spring break trip to Playas Del Coco, Costa Rica.
The students assisted at Rincon de la Vieja National Park with cleaning of trails and infrastructure and at Las Pumas Rescue Center to protect and rehabilitate trafficked animals. They were chaperoned by Andrew Miller, associate professor of political science.
Shana Noon, Mahanoy City, was one of eight students who participated in an alternative spring break trip to Santa Domingo, Dominican Republic.
The students spent five days teaching an English as a Second Language program at Centro Cultural Guanin, a year-round program that serves students of all academic and age levels. They were chaperoned by Erica Acosta, associate director of diversity affairs and Evene Estwick, associate professor of communication studies.
Alternative spring break offers students an opportunity to perform community service while experiencing a different culture and developing their leadership, teamwork and critical thinking skills.
Florida Times-Union: Some road projects promised after gas tax renewal slow to get started
The promise of dozens of road construction projects swayed Duval County voters to support a half-cent sales tax for the Better Jacksonville Plan in August 2000.
The bulk of that road work got done, but a combination of slumping tax collections during the recession and higher than expected construction costs resulted in some projects falling by the wayside because the tank was empty when it came to paying for the work.
City Council sought to prime the pump in 2014 by extending the local 6-cent gas tax that was on track to expire in August 2016. It's taken time to get those stalled projects up and running again, but motorists will see more signs of work in the coming months.
The Jacksonville Transportation Authority board last month approved moving forward with widening a section of Collins Road on the Westside. The board is poised to give a similar go-ahead this month to the long-delayed widening of Kernan Boulevard in East Arlington.
Tampa Bay Times: Tampa Obamacare sign-up organizers brace for shortened enrollment, less help
As Republicans in Congress and the White House have an on-again, off-again debate about repealing Obamacare, a couple of developments on the ground are expected to affect this winter's open enrollment period for coverage.
For one thing, Tampa is one of 18 cities nationwide affected by a Trump administration decision not to renew contracts with two companies that helped people sign up for health insurance through the Affordable Care Act.
Also, the next open enrollment period is being cut in half, from 90 days to 45.
Together those decisions have local signup advocates planning to hire more navigators than in the past to help people get covered.
Last year, for example, the nonprofit Family Healthcare Foundation in Tampa hired 16 navigators to work during the annual Obamacare open enrollment period. This year, it expects to have 24.
News 4: Sheriff says red-light cameras will go away in December
Five years after police began ticketing motorists caught on camera running red lights at dozens of Jacksonville intersections, the red-light camera program will end, Sheriff Mike Williams told the City Council.
“My position is we always want to add crash avoidance to a number of intersections in Jacksonville and we were not able to do that successfully,” Williams said. “As we dug into it in, the red-light camera industry, that technology is not there yet.”
At one time, 40 red-light cameras were up across Jacksonville.
The ticketing of motorists based on photographic evidence began across the state after the Legislature authorized the practice in 2010. Owners of vehicles caught on camera running red lights were mailed $158 citations.
Lawmakers began discussing repeal of the law after a 2016 report from the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles showed that rear-end crashes increased at intersections with red-light cameras.
HOUSTON – Houston police say someone intentionally ran over and killed a woman on the north side overnight.
At last check the driver remained on the run, but witnesses told officers who he is.
It happened at about 8 p.m. Tuesday off the Hardy Toll Road at Parker.
Police responded to what was first reported as an accident on the Hardy frontage road, and they found the female victim with multiple injuries. She was taken to the hospital where she died.
Investigators later learned she was intentionally run over by a man who fled the scene. Police are now looking for the suspect, who has not yet been named.
© 2018 KHOU
JOHANNESBURG (AP) — Shubhankar Sharma won his first European Tour title by a shooting 3-under 69 Monday in the final round of the weather-delayed Joburg Open.
The 21-year-old Indian resumed his round on the eighth green after play was halted early Sunday afternoon because of storms. He parred that hole, birdied No. 9 and made par on every hole on the back nine.
Sharma finished at 23-under 264, three strokes ahead of the pack, and qualified for next year's British Open, too.
“I actually wasn't going to come here about a week ago … so I'm really happy that I came,” said Sharma, who shot 61 in the second round. “I don't think I'm ever going forget my first time in South Africa.”
Advertisement
Erik van Rooyen (66) was second, three strokes ahead of Shaun Norris (65) and Tapio Pulkkanen (68).
(Global Edition) From the BBC World Service … Iran's president today warned of “severe consequences” if President Trump pulls America out of the nuclear deal Iran signed with global leaders in 2015. Can French President Emmanuel Macron talk the American leader into staying in the pact during his state visit? Then, a report from McKinsey says Asian countries could add $4.5 trillion to their collective annual GDP by getting more women in the workplace. Afterwards, the Me Too movement has reached India, a country seeing a decline in the number of working women as some businesses flat-out refuse to hire females. We'll take you to Kolkata to hear from some of the women pushing for more equality.
Not a single pass will be completed. No quarterback will be sacked. Not even an extra point will be kicked.
But when the three-day 2018 NFL Draft Experience kicks off beginning Thursday at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, the event could wind up being a street party as big as any regular season game against the hated New York Giants, Philadelphia Eagles or Washington Redskins.
And actually, far more people are expected to attend the draft than any of the previous big-ticket events, including the February 2010 Super Bowl and January 2015 college football championship.
Roughly 250,000 to 300,000 people are expected to attend the NFL's biggest off-season showcase, including those who have tickets to the draft itself inside AT&T Stadium. But many of those attendees will be there just for the NFL Draft Experience, a mostly outdoors affair that will feature music, games, autographs, food and more at the stadium's east end plaza as well as the parking lot east of AT&T Way.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Assuming the weather cooperates, it could be quite the party scene. People will be invited to tailgate as early as 10 a.m. Thursday — a full nine hours before NFL commissioner Roger Goodell is expected to take the stage (likely to a chorus of boos from Dallas Cowboys fans) and announce the first pick. Live television coverage begins at 7 p.m. Thursday.
Most of the attractions are free — and so is the parking, while it lasts.
SHARE COPY LINK After the NFL released the renderings of what the 2018 NFL Draft will look like, Cowboys legend Drew Pearson told reporters that this will be the best draft in history. Lena Blietzlblietz@star-telegram.com
But getting in and out of Arlington's entertainment district could be a challenge for motorists. Here are some traffic and parking tips compiled from Arlington city officials and the league:
▪ Free parking. It's available on a first-come, first-serve basis at Cowboys lots as well as some of the adjacent Texas Rangers lots. But avoid the area just south of Globe Life Park, where the new Texas Live! and Globe Life Field is under construction. Rangers lots open at 10 a.m. Thursday and Friday and 8 a.m. Saturday; Cowboys lots open at 11 a.m. Thursday and Friday, and 9 a.m. Saturday.
▪ Can't find free parking? Property owners in and around the Arlington entertainment district who are licensed to provide off-site parking must display a sign featuring a black letter P surrounded by a green circle. If you park in an area that doesn't feature that symbol, you could risk getting towed. Off-site parking likely will cost you, anywhere from $10 to $50. (Property owners set their own rates.) "Our ordinances say you can't park in people's yards," said Arlington spokeswoman Susan Schrock.
▪ Taking Uber or Lyft? A special lot is available for ride-sharing pickups and drop-offs about two blocks west of AT&T Stadium, at East Randol Mill Road and Web Street.
▪ Stay on the perimeter. Most of the parking areas adjacent to AT&T Stadium are off limits, and AT&T Way (the street running immediately east of the stadium) is closed to vehicle traffic.
▪ Will police control traffic? Arlington city officials say they'll use contraflow — temporarily reversing the usual direction of travel in one or more lanes of a road — to speed traffic on Division and Collins streets and AT&T Way on Thursday and Friday. Although part of AT&T Way will be closed to all traffic for the NFL Draft Experience immediately east of AT&T Stadium (between Randol Mill Road and Cowboys Way), the portion of AT&T Way south of that area will remain open and will be subject to contraflow. Remember, when contraflow is in effect, drive in whatever direction the police on the scene tell you to, even if street signs say otherwise.
▪ What about navigation? Arlington works closely with Waze to provide real-time traffic information, including advice on which streets to avoid because of crowds, and which roads police are using for contraflow. So if you have to choose one phone app for this particular event, Waze is probably your best bet.
▪ Where else to find info? The NFL has a pretty thorough list of frequently asked questions here.
Christ Church Cathedral rebuild will start this month.
The Church Properties Trust administers the cathedral. It and the government have now agreed on a funding plan for the rebuild.
It will be a joint venture.
Greater Christchurch Regeneration Minister Megan Woods says they've agreed in principle on how to pay for the rebuild. Work will start before the end of July.
The first tasks to rebuild are site clearance and decontamination.
The February 2011 earthquake destroyed the cathedral.
The rebuild will cost around $104 million.
The partners have appointed a Christchurch investment banker to oversee the project.
Justin Murray will chair a company set up for the work.
Christchurch Cathedral Reinstatement Limited will soon appoint directors. Then it will prepare concept designs and budgets.
Regeneration minister Megan Woods says the goal is to return Christ Church Cathedral to the people of Canterbury.
Since 2011, the Anglican Church and heritage groups have argued over Christ Church Cathedral's future.
The Anglican Synod ended the argument last September when it voted to restore rather than demolish the building.
Funding sources
Government and council grants and loans will pay for the work. There is also the church's $42m insurance proceeds.
Mr Murray says there is much to do before work on the main building begins.
“I don't think there will be stonemasons on site for many months, because that preparation work needs to be done first,” he says.
The plan still needs a final signing off, probably in a few weeks.
But it will be about 7 years before builders finish the job.
Source:
Image: Radio NZ
News category: New Zealand.
New Delhi: The surgical strike on terrorist launch pads in Pakistani territory proved to the world India`s strength, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Tuesday.
Praising the armed forces on the occasion of Independence day, Modi said: "In free India it is very important to protect the country. The surgical strike was a proof to the world about India`s strength."
Modi said every soldier, irrespective of whether he was in the Army, Navy or Air Force, was contributing to the country.
"Our soldiers have stood against everything that is against the country such as infiltrators, militants... The world has seen our strength."
Johannesburg: A South African traditional healer has been sentenced to life for motivating the brutal beheading of an Indian-origin woman by promising four youths over USD 150,000.
Sibonakaliso Mbili had promised one of the four co-accused, Falakhe Khumalo, to pay 2 million Rand (USD 153,000) for bringing head of an Indian or a white or a coloured woman, to be used in illegal witchcraft purposes, officials said.
Khumalo, with the help of three other youths - Jimmy Stanley Thelejala, Mlungisi Ndlovu and Mbali Magwala - lured Indian-origin Desiree Murugan to a sports field in the sprawling Indian township of Chatsworth near Durban in 2014.
The four had killed and decapitated Murugan after stabbing her 192 times.
Khumalo, who earlier confessed to the murder, is serving a life sentence for killing the woman.
Thelejala and Ndlovu were awarded a 15-year prison sentence while Magwala will serve 12 years behind the bars.
Magwala got a lighter sentence because he only selected Murugan as the victim but did not participate in the actual stabbing.
Welcoming the sentence, the community members said that it would send a strong message to those who are duped into believing that human body parts can be used as traditional medicines.
Earlier, the Traditional Healers Association of South Africa had also condemned the practise as one by rogue elements, in especially rural areas of the country, that was giving a bad name to genuine traditional healers.
A gunman fired through doors at two separate apartment complexes Tuesday night, wounding two people in the shootings, police said.
Police believe the suspect knew the victims and targeted their apartments.
A search continued Wednesday for the suspects.
The first shooting was reported shortly after 8 p.m. Tuesday at the Village on the Creek Apartments in the 3100 block of Mustang Drive. A suspect fired four shots through an apartment door at the complex, but no injuries were reported.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
About 30 minutes later, police said the same gunman fired several shots through a door at the Encore Apartments in the 3000 block of Mustang Drive.
"Two people inside the apartment, a man and a woman, were hit by multiple bullets," said police spokeswoman Amanda McNew in a news release. "Two others in the apartment were not hurt."
The wounded victims were taken to Baylor Scott & White Medical Center - Grapevine. The man was in stable condition Tuesday night while the woman was in surgery, police said.
The names of the victims had not been released by police.
Several witnesses told police the same gunman was involved in both shootings.
Changes are being made to the financial support available to families, enabling more parents to go out to work.
Tax-Free Childcare is a new scheme from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) due to be phased in from “early 2017”.
Affecting around two million UK households, it will offer working families 20 per cent support towards qualifying childcare costs.
However, anyone using the Employer Supported Childcare Scheme, sometimes also known as the Childcare Voucher Scheme, will be able to continue to do so
As well as full-time employees working for an employer, for the first time, the scheme will cover the self employed, part time workers, those on maternity, paternity or adoption leave, and anyone starting their own business.
Courtesy of HMRC, here's ten things to know about the scheme:
1. You'll be able to open an online account
You'll be able to open an online account, which you can pay into to cover the cost of childcare with a registered provider. This will be done through the government website, GOV.UK.
Tax-Free Childcare will be launched from early 2017. The scheme will be rolled out gradually to families, with parents of the youngest children able to apply first.
You'll be able to apply for all your children at the same time, when your youngest child becomes eligible. All eligible parents will be able to join the scheme by the end of 2017.
2. For every 80p you or someone else pays in, the government will top up an extra 20p
This is equivalent of the tax most people pay - 20% - which gives the scheme its name, ‘tax-free'. The government will top up the account with 20% of childcare costs up to a total of £10,000 - the equivalent of up to £2,000 support per child per year (or £4,000 for disabled children).
3. The scheme will be available for children up to the age of 12
It will also be available for children with disabilities up to the age of 17, as their childcare costs can stay high throughout their teenage years.
4. To qualify, parents will have to be in work, and each earning at least £115 a week and not more than £100,000 each per year
The scheme is designed to be flexible for parents if, for example, they want to get back to work after the birth of a child or work part-time.
5. Any eligible working family can use the Tax-Free Childcare scheme - it doesn't rely on employers offering it
Tax-Free Childcare doesn't rely on employers offering the scheme, unlike the current scheme Employer-Supported Childcare. Any working family can use Tax-Free Childcare, provided they meet the eligibility requirements.
6. The scheme will be available for parents who are self-employed
Self-employed parents will be able to get support with childcare costs in Tax-Free Childcare, unlike the current scheme (Employer-Supported Childcare) which is not available to self-employed parents. To support newly self-employed parents, the government is introducing a ‘start-up' period. During this, self-employed parents won't have to earn the minimum income level.
The scheme will be available to parents on paid sick leave and paid and unpaid statutory maternity, paternity and adoption leave.
7. If you currently receive Employer-Supported Childcare then you can continue to do so
You do not have to switch to Tax-Free Childcare if you do not wish to. Employer-Supported Childcare will continue to run. The current scheme will remain open to new entrants until April 2018. Parents already registered by this date will be able to continue using it for as long as their employer offers it.
However, Tax-Free Childcare will be open to more than twice as many parents as Employer-Supported Childcare.
Employers' workplace nurseries won't be affected by the introduction of Tax-Free Childcare.
8. Parents and others can pay money into their childcare account as and when they like
This gives you the flexibility to pay in more in some months, and less at other times. This means you can build up a balance in your account to use at times when you need more childcare than usual, for example, over the summer holidays.
It's also not just the parents who can pay into the account - if grandparents, other family members or employers want to pay in, then they can.
9. The process will be as simple as possible for parents
The process will be as easy as possible for you. For example, you'll re-confirm your circumstances every 3 months using a simple online process; and there will be a simple log-in service where parents can view accounts for all of their children at once.
10. You'll be able to withdraw money from the account if you want to
If your circumstances change or you no longer want to pay into the account, then you'll be able to withdraw the money you have built up. If you do, the government will withdraw its corresponding contribution.
More information will be available ahead of the scheme being introduced so parents making childcare decisions are able to consider all their options.
All smartphone manufacturers have created a trend by ditching headphone jack on their new devices. Including the giants like Apple and HTC, have followed the same suit. But there is a great news if you are looking for a headphone jack on your next phone.
Moto is planning on breaking that ritual by bringing back the 3.5mm headphone port on their next Moto Z smartphone. Sources like OnLeaks and Android Authority obtained leaked 3D renders of the Z2 Force which clearly shows the presence of headphone jack on it. So, we can expect this feature to come in the upcoming device. Not just this, a leaker Evan Blass also tweets another interesting news.
He says that the new Z2 Force won't be any more Verizon exclusive like all its predecessor. The handset will be made available on T-Mobile as well. On the other hand, Android Authority has got something else to say. It understands that Sprint is having its own version. So, it turns out to be great news for Moto fans.
The Moto Z2 Force won't be a Verizon exclusive this time around; T-Mobile will carry it, for instance. pic.twitter.com/alTiGTer1Z — Evan Blass (@evleaks) April 16, 2017
Also Read: Moto Z has started getting the April Android security patch
Design wise, this new model has a 5.5-inch display and comes with a Z series' signature. This is also said to be thinner when compared to the original phone. It is under 0.24 inches now. It also looks like, this device has adopted some style from their another phone - Moto G5.
Like other recently released smartphones, even this will be powered by latest Snapdragon 835 chipset and sports a dual camera setup. The information regarding price and launch date is not yet known.
Source1 Source2
The Dallas Stars and Vegas Golden Knights line up for a moment of silence for shooting victims in Las Vegas before an NHL hockey game in Dallas, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. LM Otero AP
Glenn Greenwald speculates on the “troubling” reasons why left-wing reporters are ignoring the story of even more blog posts from MSNBC host Joy Reid — full of anti-gay language that they would certainly use to destroy conservatives.
From The Intercept:
Only one of two things can be true here, and they are both rather consequential: Either (a) hackers found a way to effectively alter the digital archives of the Wayback Machine in order to smear the name of a major TV news personality by attributing fabricated content to her, or (b) this major TV news personality is lying — not 10 years ago, but today — in order to falsely deny authorship of her own journalism.
…
[L]iberal news outlets and liberal journalists have steadfastly ignored the story almost completely (the only exception I've seen is a tweet from the editor of one large liberal blog who suggested that Vladimir Putin was behind the hacking in order to ruin Reid's reputation).
The reason liberal news sites are ignoring the story is as self-evident as it is troubling: Because Reid's ideology is in accordance with theirs, and they therefore don't care if she's lying or telling the truth when denying authorship of these bigoted articles, nor do they care about the anti-LGBT bigotry itself. Those are concepts to be exploited opportunistically for partisan gain; they are devoid of any actual conviction. Their silence on this latest, incredibly strange episode involving one of their iconic media personalities demonstrates that rather compellingly.
Just as right-wing sites would be steadfastly ignoring this story if a Fox News host — in response to embarrassing articles found on their website — had claimed they were the work of bizarrely innovative and enterprising hackers, while liberal sites would be flooding the internet with detailed and indignant coverage of those claims, liberal sites are going to just pretend the Joy Reid story does not exist until it disappears. Reid knows this — she works every day with the people who run these liberal outlets and she knows exactly what their mentality is — and that's why she feels no obligation even to address it beyond the statement she provided to Mediaite.
Read the rest of the article here.
Public Wi-Fi can play a key role in driving ubiquitous connectivity and digital inclusion in India, according to a new study by Analysys Mason.
The report said despite fast increases in a number of people connected (316 million at the end of 2017, compared to 200 million the previous year), mobile broadband penetration in India stood at only 31 percent at the end of 2017, still significantly behind many of India's peers.
The report, prepared through the lens of Google and Railtel Public WiFi project, supports the Government's ambition under the draft NDCP to reach 5 million access points in 2020 and 10 million in 2022, to provide an all-pervasive coverage and internet connectivity, for 600 million Indians.
The report indicates that Public WiFi will connect 40 million new users to the Internet by 2019 and that around 100 million people would be willing to spend an additional $2 to 3 billion per year on handsets and a similar amount on cellular mobile broadband services, as a result of experiencing fast broadband on public Wi-Fi.
In addition to driving productivity improvements from high-speed Wi-Fi for the overall economy, public WiFi can also translate into tangible benefits to GDP, by around $20 billion between 2017-19 and at least $10 billion per annum thereafter.
David Abecassis, Partner at Analysys Mason, said: "Google and RailWire project to deploy high-speed WiFi across 400 stations has shown that there was a technical and operational solution to providing high-quality public Wi-Fi to millions of Indians nationwide, on affordable terms. The success of this rollout and Reliance Jio's 80,000 public Wi-Fi access points as of mid-2017 provide valuable insights in further developing public Wi-Fi as a service that can truly achieve the Digital India vision."
K. Suri, Director, Partnership, India, Next Billion Users, Google India, said, "Our partnership with RailTel to bring high-speed connectivity to millions of Indians across 400 train station, today stands as a lighthouse project for the industry and underscores the importance of investing in public Wi-Fi as a crucial step in getting high quality internet to everyone in India."
Furthermore, it highlights that the Investment in public WiFi can further unlock an opportunity for Mobile operators to offload excess data traffic from cellular networks, and deploy advanced technologies such as Hotspot 2.0 for ensuring interoperable roaming between cellular and Wi-Fi.
New Delhi: World number two Caroline Wozniacki powered past Russia`s Ekaterina Alexandrova 6-2 6-2 to reach the second round of the Istanbul Cup on Tuesday. Denmark`s Wozniacki was barely troubled by world number 101 Alexandrova as she converted five out of six break points to win her first claycourt match of the season in 68 minutes.
The reigning Australian Open champion, back in Istanbul after four years, next meets the winner of Wednesday`s match between Kirsten Flipkens and Sara Errani. "It was tricky, for sure," Wozniacki said. "The first match on clay is never easy, but I`m happy with the win. It`s great just to get a match in and feel better with the movement. It`s all about fine-tuning in matches like these.
"I`m using this as a preparation for the next few weeks, because the French Open is obviously around the corner. There`s lots to look forward to, and I want to keep feeling like I`m getting into the groove on clay."
Earlier, world number 54 Donna Vekic advanced after Agnieszka Radwanska retired due to a back injury. Croatia`s Vekic was leading 6-1 2-0 when third seed Radwanska said she could not continue.
Zhang Shuai was stunned by Dutch qualifier Arantxa Rus 6-2 6-3 while Kazakhstan`s Yulia Putintseva fought back to get past sixth seed Sorana Cirstea 0-6 6-1 6-0. Seventh seed Irina-Camelia Begu saved four set points in the opening set before moving past Slovenian qualifier Dalila Jakupovic 7-5 6-0. She meets America`s Christina McHale next.
A senior member of the Israeli government has said the country should cut all its ties to the Palestinian enclave known as the Gaza Strip in response to the latest outbreak of violence in the region.
Israeli Minister of Intelligence Yisrael Katz has declared that Tel Aviv should sever its ties with the Gaza Strip, including cutting off the water and power supply to the enclave, The Times of Israel reports.
"The time has come to change the rules of the game. I support the idea of separation from Gaza. There is no compromise and no concession; we will not allow harm to our citizens and not a trickle [of rockets]. I estimate that soon that matter will be decided," he said.
The minister argued that Israel needs "to separate from Gaza, to stop the fuel and water," and to simply rely on the military when dealing with the Hamas-controlled region, "as in the case with southern Lebanon."
"There is an anomalous situation here that happened at the end of the disengagement, and we remained responsible," he added.
Katz's statements came in the wake of violent clashes between Israeli security forces and Palestinian militants on the border between Israel and the Gaza Strip.
Since Tuesday morning, the Al-Qassam Brigades, an armed wing of Hamas, and the Al-Quds Brigades of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ) that operate in the Gaza Strip fired over 70 rockets and mortar shells at southern Israeli districts.
The Israeli forces retaliated with a series of airstrikes, hitting 65 militant targets in the enclave.
READ MORE: Gaza Tensions Part of 'De Facto Internal Palestinian Civil War' – Israeli Prof
Tensions on the Israel-Gaza border have remained high since March, when the Palestinians started a protest campaign dubbed the Great March of Return. The wave of rallies resulted in violent clashes between Palestinian protestors and the IDF.
The situation was further exacerbated when the United States relocated its Israeli embassy to Jerusalem, thus officially recognizing the ancient city as the capital of Israel.
When commanding officer Major Adam Jowett faced the battle of a lifetime against a deadly force of Taliban insurgents in Afghanistan in the summer of 2006, it was the culmination of an ambition that was born 24 years earlier.
The Surrey schoolboy was just 11 years old when he saw television images of the ‘grimy, hard-looking men' in maroon berets, the famous Paras who fought and won a tough campaign in the faraway Falkland Islands, and vowed that one day he would be a soldier and lead his own men into battle.
And when he stepped into the fray in Helmand province at the head of a hastily assembled and under-strength unit of Paras and Royal Irish rangers, Jowett was finally commanding a troop of his own… but against a ferocious, merciless enemy in one of the toughest places on Earth.
The man who had so relished the physical and mental challenges of officer training at Sandhurst College was about to face his sternest and most terrifying test yet in the notorious siege at Musa Qala, a town and district centre in the central western part of Helmand which would become the scene of a heroic struggle.
Twelve years after the heart-thumping events in that summer of 2006, Jowett brings us his raw, honest, hard-hitting, emotional and truly inspirational account of a fight for survival that has been labelled by former war reporter Martin Bell as ‘the Rorke's Drift of our times.'
Describing in visceral and vivid detail what it was like to have responsibility for the lives of his men as they fought back bravely over 21 days and nights of relentless, nerve-shredding combat, Jowett takes us up close and personal to the heart of war – from the crumps, whumps and booms of attack to the sickening sight of a man down and the sheer exhaustion of almost non-stop fighting.
In charge of a new unit, which took the letter E and soon became known as ‘Easy Company,' Jowett's mission had been to hold the district centre at any cost but their base was a ramshackle compound and their defences were weak.
Cut off, outgunned and heavily outnumbered by the Taliban in the town, the British soldiers were a sitting target for their enemy who began launching wave after wave of brutal attacks, including crawling up the compound walls and having to be driven back with hand grenades.
Finally, as they came down to their last rounds and with 80 men left to face 500 of the enemy, death seemed to stare Easy Company in the face. The battlegroup did not have the resources to bring in more ammunition by convoy and the danger of flying in Chinook helicopters made that method of resupply too risky.
‘The statistics weren't great on paper,' writes Jowett, ‘but they didn't take into account that my small number of British soldiers were amongst the best trained infantry in the world, and that they would fight like dogs.'
The night before what many knew could be their last day, Jowett like every other man in the company, marked out his last magazine. ‘When I was down to my last few rounds, I would make sure I died upright and fighting. Better that than the alternative of falling into the hands of the Taliban, which was far worse than death.
‘Tomorrow, our enemy would come and try to kill us, and it was my job – my duty – to see they died instead.'
Surrounded by the enemy and with their backs to the wall and no way out, no one in Easy Company could have foreseen that the siege was destined to take an extraordinary turn…
Gripping, emotionally charged and intensely powerful, No Way Out is a dramatic and yet straightforwardly honest first-hand account of war in all its grim reality; but it is also Jowett's moving tribute to the gallant men of his unit.
Some were injured and some did not come home alive but it was ‘their courage, their grit, and their sheer unbreakable spirit' which defied the greatest odds to beat back ‘an unrelentingly barbaric enemy' and which will forever be a part of the man who led them.
Lest we forget…
(Sidgwick & Jackson, hardback, £18.99)
Roasting conditions and the shadow of Paddy Maguire chasing him around Pairc Sean Mac Diarmada made for a tough afternoon for Conor McManus but one of the country's finest forwards still emerged with a personal tally of five points.
Having patiently signed every autograph and posed for every selfie sought by both Monaghan and Leitrim fans, Conor gave his thoughts on Monaghan's performance and acknowledged it was a difficult afternoon despite the 1-19 to 0-9 scoreline (see report).
“It was tough, we wouldn't be accustomed to that sort of weather for prolonged periods of time in Ireland but it was the same for us as it was for Leitrim.
“It was just about getting off to a fast start and Leitrim put it up to us early on. We were slow to get going but as the game wore on we grew into the game and probably took control towards the end of the half but conditions were tough.”
Leitrim appeared to be a lot more running in the opening stages but Conor insisted it wasn't a deliberate decision to conserve energy.
“It wasn't a tactic, no. You go out and you give it your all from the start and Leitrim were full value for their place in this round of the Championship because they were full of energy and full of life early doors. It took us until later in the game to wear them down.”
A trip to Pairc Sean to face a team they may have been unfamiliar with could have been viewed as a potential banana skin but Conor felt the most important thing from a Monaghan point of view was to focus on their own game.
“It can be tricky but I suppose the key to it is just focusing on yourself and what you can do for you own team.
“There is no point getting caught up too much on the opposition, you just have to focus on your own performance and trying to improve that every day you go out and it is a case of trying to do that more so than anything.”
SEE THIS WEEK'S LEITRIM OBSERVER AND WWW.LEITRIMOBSERVER.IE FOR MORE FROM LEITRIM'S QUALIFIER GAME AGAINST MONAGHAN.
NEW DELHI: The counting of votes for bypolls to four Lok Sabha seats - Palghar and Bhandara-Gondiya in Maharashtra, Kairana Lok Sabha constituency in Uttar Pradesh and Nagaland parliamentary constituency - has begun on Thursday. The polling was conducted on May while the re-polling was held on May 30.
A positive outcome is necessary for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to maintain its majority in the Lok Sabha. The results will also test the mettle of a united opposition with that of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Although after losing from Gorakhpur and Phulpur, the saffron party had profusely campaigned to win the Kairana seat in Uttar Pradesh. Elections were necessitated in Kairana after the seat fell vacant in February following the death of BJP leader Hukum Singh. The BJP has fielded Mriganka Singh, daughter of Singh, from this seat.
In Maharashtra's Palghar and Bhandara-Gondiya, all four major parties - the BJP, Congress, Shiv Sena and NCP are the main contenders. Palghar is a reserved seat, which was previously held by the BJP. The seat fell vacant after sitting BJP MP Chintaman Wanga died in January. In Bhandra-Gondia, Nana Patole quit as the BJP MP and resigned from the ruling party to return to the Congress earlier this year, necessitating the by-election.
In Nagaland, Neiphiu Rio of the Nationalist Democratic Progressive Party was the representative of the lone Lok Sabha constituency in Nagaland. Rio, who represented this constituency, quit in February to contest in the assembly election. Rio is the chief minister of Nagaland.
The full list of candidates, who have won the four Lok Sabha seats, is given below. The list will be updated as and when results come in.
bypoll results, Lok Sabha bypoll results, Assembly bypoll results, byelection results, Lok Sabha, winning candidates, winning candidates list
LOS ANGELES (WTNH) — Call it a possible nod to John Mellencamp, but some houses in a Los Angeles suburb are making a bold political statement.
The architect of an upcoming apartment complex hired an artist to paint the houses bright pink. The artist says they were painted in an effort to draw attention to lack of housing across the country.
The homes are drawing some ire from neighbors, however, they are set to be demolished soon to make room for a new apartment complex.
At a time when air travel is quickly replacing all other modes of travel - both within and between countries - the need to ferry more passengers in a single flight is being felt by many airlines. Little wonder then that GE Aviation recently tested a jet engine which is bigger and more powerful than any seen before.
The GE9X is reportedly capable of being fitted in planes that can carry up to 407 passengers courtesy its 100,000 pounds of thrust and front fan which measures 11.2 feet. A high-pressure compressor, new combustor and carbon-fibre blades are some of the other highlights. Expected to be incorporated into Boeing's latest 777X series by 2019 - once the large plane completes its flight test, the focus now is on improving efficiency further rather than just making an engine with an enormous dimension and capacity.
Aviation experts are predicting the GE9X in the 777X series to be a game-changer with major international carriers showing interest in incorporating these in their long-distance routes. It can also be boon for passengers who are looking for a seat in busy sectors - especially during holiday season.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's party time as The Cambridge Blue kicks off its 10th anniversary celebrations today - and what better way to celebrate than with an epic TEN DAY beer festival?
The popular Cambridge pub on Gwydir Street is a firm favourite amongst locals as well a visitor to the city, with fans regularly taking to Trip Advisor to leave feedback: "A wonderful pub nestled in the side streets of Cambridge.
"With an exceptional selection of draught and bottled beers it has an amazing beer garden and a great atmosphere."
We couldn't agree more!
And for a local pub on a residential street, they haven't been slacking off when it comes to pulling pints.
Manger Ben Aker says: "We've had a count-up and we reckon over the 10 years we've sold 1.7 million pints of beer, and so far have served 4,690 different real ales in the 10 years that we've been here."
Wow, that sounds like a serious hangover.
The festival
Ben says: "This is a festival with a difference.
"It's going to have our highest number of international beers served on draught at the same time (over 20) and we've assembled a line-up of all six Oktoberfest beers.
"There will be plenty of other German, Belgian, Dutch and US craft beers in kegs, plus a load of special beers, including new Cambridgeshire craft brewery BrewBoard, and a specially-brewed Cambridge Blue collaboration IPA with Three Blind Mice brewery (widely regarded by beer enthusiasts as the county's best brewery).
"Plus our summer collaboration beer from Nene Valley is making a welcome return.
"With all this plus our usual range of 14 real ales, real ciders and perries, make sure you call it at some point and wish the team a Happy Anniversary!"
Visitors to the pub over the next ten days can expect live music, food and of course plenty of drinks.
For a full programme of what's going on visit The Cambridge Blue.
Visit Cambridge Blue, 85-87 Gwydir St, Cambridge CB1 2LG
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
LONDON — British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating three allegations against the former “House of Cards” star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify him by name but said Wednesday that detectives had received a total of five allegations of sexual assault and one of assault against a man.
Five of the alleged offenses took place in London between 1996 and 2008, and the sixth in the western English city of Gloucester in 2013.
Spacey, a two-time Oscar winner, has been accused of sexual assault and inappropriate behavior by numerous men since actor Anthony Rapp alleged last year that Spacey had climbed on top of him on a bed when Rapp was 14 and Spacey 26.
After Rapp's allegation, London's Old Vic theater, where Spacey was artistic director for 11 years until 2015, launched an investigation into its former leader. The theater said in November that it had received 20 allegations of inappropriate behavior by Spacey, and had encouraged 14 of the complainants to go to the police.
Spacey apologized to Rapp in October for “deeply inappropriate drunken behavior” and later released a statement saying he was seeking unspecified treatment. He has not commented on the other allegations.
In the wake of the allegations he was fired from political drama “House of Cards” and erased from the Ridley Scott feature “All the Money in the World.” The film “Billionaire Boys Club,” a financial drama Spacey shot in 2015, is due for release this summer.
The Japan Tamil Sangam (Japan Tamil Association) is hosting the third annual Vanakkam Thamizhagam festival (meaning “Hello Tamil Nadu (Tamil Country),” a state in the southernmost tip of India). The festival will focus on Tamil traditional sports, food and culture and take place on Saturday, October 7. The festival showcases a variety of traditional games and foods enjoyed by Tamil speakers for centuries. Explanations of the games and their significance will occur in Tamil, Japanese and English.
One of the crowd favourites is Kabaddi, an intense contact game as fun to watch as it is to play. The Japan National Kabaddi Team will also be there to put on exhibition games.
Visitors will also see Kolam, the traditional rice flour-based art that decorates the entrance of each Tamil home. Japanese and Tamil artisans will be on hand to demonstrate and explain the significance of the designs.
A Tamil traditional folk dance, Kummi Aattam, will also be demonstrated along with Uri Adithal, a game where blindfolded players attempt to find and break a ceramic pot. Various traditional foods made from millet and rice will also be available. Visitors will find plenty to sample and learn about as they explore.
Vanakkam Thamizhagam 2017
Saturday, October 7
Shinden Koen, Nishi Kasai
8 Chome-7 Nishikasai, Edogawa-ku, Tōkyō-to 134-0088
Dear Abby is written by Abigail Van Buren, also known as Jeanne Phillips, and was founded by her mother, Pauline Phillips. It is the most popular and widely syndicated column in the world - known for its uncommon common sense.
DEAR ABBY: I am a 53-year-old woman who has finally met a kind, decent man after many abusive relationships. I honor our bond and have been open about my past, which has been colorful, to say the least.
I was an addict. It was a long addiction that left me homeless and almost killed me many times. I have kept this part of my life a secret from everyone out of shame and fear of judgment. I would love to be open about it with him and let him know how much drugs affected me, but I don't want to drive him away. Any advice is appreciated.
- Ex-addict in California
DEAR EX-ADDICT: In one sentence you say you have been open about your past; in the next you say you are keeping your addiction and what it cost you a secret. You don't say how long you have known this man, or whether you plan to make this relationship permanent. If you do, you should tell him about your entire past because if he finds out some other way, that is what could cause him to end the relationship.
Dinged for not driving
DEAR ABBY: I have a problem with my family. I am a woman in my 60s who does not and never has driven a car or any other vehicle. My older sister and brother think I have leprosy because I don't drive. How can I, or anyone in the same position as I am, get through to them that not everyone drives, and that those of us who don't or can't are like anyone else on this planet?
- Not Behind the Wheel
DEAR NOT BEHIND THE WHEEL: Please clip this and share it with your sister and brother. Not everyone drives or aspires to. Some people are phobic about getting behind the wheel. Others recognize they are not good at it, while still others can't afford a car. Unless you have been imposing upon your relatives for transportation, they should not be critical of your choice.
My late mother was a nondriver. She quit after skidding into the back of a coal truck during a Wisconsin winter. I'll never forget it because it left me with a scar on my knee when it hit the air-conditioning vent. Viewed from my perspective, she made the right choice, and so have you. It's a wise person who knows her limitations.
Feeding office hogs
DEAR ABBY: This may seem minor in the scheme of things, but it's driving me crazy. Occasionally we have a potluck day at work. The problem is, while there are always people who eat, others never bring food to share. It's usually the men in our office - those who hold higher positions and make far more money than the rest of us. They are also the ones who eat the most. They go back for seconds before the rest of us have eaten. If they do occasionally bring anything, it's usually a bag of chips.
I'm tired of paying for their lunches when they are more than capable of providing something - takeout from a deli or even asking their wives to help. I'm also tired of going to get my lunch and discovering most of the food is already gone. I would welcome your advice or any tips your readers may have.
- Fed up in Des Moines
DEAR FED UP: Try this: Assign a list of what people need to bring to the potluck so there won't be duplication. And when you do, specify that only those who participate can eat the food.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
If you want to be in a World Cup stadium this summer but haven't got a ticket or Russian visa, the BBC is offering a way to get the full experience from the comfort of your own arm chair.
As part of a virtual reality trial, the Beeb is offering live coverage of all 33 BBC World Cup matches to be viewed through VR headsets. It will place you in your own private box as you watch the action unfold.
The experience will be akin to that of the presentation crew in the ground. A giant window will look out onto the pitch as you sit on a virtual BBC Sport sofa.
You will also be able to access live match statistics that pop up from a virtual coffee table. And you will be able to switch your view to behind either goal.
The VR experience will even be available when there are no live matches to view, with highlights and other on-demand content on offer.
All you need to do to watch in virtual reality is download the BBC Sport VR - FIFA World Cup Russia 2018 app that will be available soon for iOS, Android, Gear VR, Oculus Go and PlayStation VR. Just head to the respective app store and, when available, you can download and use it for free.
GALVESTON, Texas -- Love it or hate it, brown water is the normal sight on Galveston Beach.
But not this past Memorial Day weekend. Images and video of blue, clear water have gone viral, and many people just can't believe it.
Jake Andrews took the following aerial photos and shared them with KHOU 11 News. He says his band "Sol Flair" was playing in Galveston when they noticed how blue the water looked on Memorial Day.
Photos: Aerial photos of the blue, clear water in Galveston
Photos: Aerial photos of the blue, clear water in Galveston Jake Andrews took these photos and shared them with KHOU 11 News. He says his band was playing in Galveston when they noticed how blue the water looked. 01 / 05 Jake Andrews took these photos and shared them with KHOU 11 News. He says his band was playing in Galveston when they noticed how blue the water looked. 01 / 05
And Cameron Holmes' video of it posted to Twitter got plenty of “You lying, bro,” comments.
Dr. Tom Linton, a marine biologist and Texas A&M University-Galveston professor says wind and current determine how brown or clear the water appears in Galveston. Usually, Spring rain sends mud from area rivers that flow into the Gulf of Mexico. Currents bring even more mud from the Mississippi River.
Also read/watch: VERIFY: Yes, the water in Galveston really was clear and blue
However, this year, a gyere in the Gulf drifted north. Currents changed and brought water from the south and less mud.
© 2018 KHOU
Conversations about unity will be part of several Hispanic meetings in conjunction with the Southern Baptist Convention's (SBC) June 12-13 annual meeting in Dallas at the Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center.
BP file photo by Adam Covington
Estefan Sarabia, center, a member of Tierra Fertil Christian Church in Yuma, Ariz., leads two youth in prayer during the 2017 National Hispanic Fellowship meeting in Phoenix.
“A good number of Southern Baptist Hispanic leaders are beginning to look at the future with more intentionality and see the need for more unity and collaboration among us,” said Luis Lopez, associate director of missions for ethnic work with the Robertson County Baptist Association in middle Tennessee.
“We must intentionally work in words and deeds to positively impact the church's unity,” said Lopez, who was a member of the Hispanic Advisory Council under the SBC Executive Committee (EC) from 2011-2014. Lopez currently is a member of the EC's Convention Advancement Advisory Council and a featured columnist for Baptist Press (BP) en Español, the Spanish-language edition of BP.
This year in Dallas, unity primarily will be envisioned; at next year's SBC annual meeting in Birmingham, Ala., it may be increasingly evident – particularly as a Hispanic Baptist Leaders' Council takes shape and various Hispanic groups plan for a single meeting in tandem with the convention.
Creation of the council reflects a consensus among leaders of various Hispanic organizations who attended a gathering in December in New Orleans as part of the Executive Committee's initiatives to broaden ethnic Baptists' participation in Southern Baptist life. Currently, more than 3,400 Hispanic churches and missions are part of the SBC, reflecting a diverse cultural heritage of more than 20 countries.
Hispanic leaders are slated to meet again in November to set the Hispanic Baptist Leaders' Council in motion with key objectives and a working structure.
In Dallas, Hispanic Baptists will have several opportunities for fellowship, networking, discussion and prayer:
AVANCE, the highlight Hispanic Baptist event in recent years, will convene in Rooms A309-310, Level 3, of the convention center from 7:30-9 p.m. Monday, June 11, as a time of “fellowship, networking and prayer” with light snacks, said Bobby Sena, Hispanic relations consultant with the SBC Executive Committee, looking toward “a smooth transition for next year's combined meeting of all Hispanic fellowships and networks.” AVANCE's theme this year is “Time with God and the brethren.”
The Church2Church fellowship (De Iglesia a Iglesia), formed last year during the SBC annual meeting in Phoenix, will meet from 10 a.m. to noon Sunday, June 10, at Primera Iglesia Bautista Nueva Vida in Dallas.
The National Hispanic Fellowship of Southern Baptist Churches (Confraternidad Nacional de Iglesias Hispanas Bautistas del Sur), the oldest Hispanic organization in the SBC, will meet from 1-5 p.m. Monday, June 11, in Rooms A306-307, Level 3, of the convention center.
The Hispanic Baptist Pastors Alliance (Alianza Hispana de Pastores Bautistas), launched in 2015, will meet from 8-10 a.m. Tuesday, June 12, in Rooms A309-310, Level 3, of the convention center.
‘We will be stronger'
Unity “matters to God. Jesus Himself prayed that we may be one – ‘I am in them and you are in me, so that they may be made completely one,'” Lopez said, citing John 17:23 (CSB). “As Hispanic Southern Baptist churches, we should follow the example set by the Master.
“When we let our differences divide us” on such matters as “dwelling on the past, pushing our own preferences and personal agendas and fighting over secondary things, we become less effective,” Lopez said.
“When we are united, we can carry on His mission better. To share the [g]ospel and to make disciples of all nations, to care for those in need and to encourage and admonish one another in our heavenly Father is so much easier when we do it God's way.”
Robert Lopez, co-founder of the Church2Church fellowship, voiced appreciation for former EC President Frank Page “for the inclusiveness he set in place. The ethnic initiatives he was instrumental in implementing must live on.
“Thanks to his effort ... we are now coming together like never before,” said Lopez, lead pastor of Centro Christiano Vida in Ocala, Fla.
Despite the tendency to want the spotlight, Lopez stated, “We need to hold on to each other and do low-profile ministries without having to be on the front page. ... We have excellent leaders who have been empowered to do an exceptional job and we need to join them and follow them as they perform their roles.”
Augusto Valverde, president of the National Hispanic Fellowship, described unity as “always important and vital to accomplish great things. I believe that we are stronger when we are united, that's the heart of Jesus.”
Whenever criticism and division occurs among Hispanic leaders, “we need to humble ourselves and ask forgiveness and learn to love and respect each other to reach this intrinsic unity that we need so much as the people of God.,” said Valverde, lead pastor of Iglesia Bautista Un Nuevo Amanecer in Miami.
“We must not see the victories of our partners as rivalries. Let's join in their joy! Their triumph should be my triumph and their defeat should be mine too,” Valverde said in comments translated from Spanish.
Felix Cabrera, co-founder of the Hispanic Baptist Pastors Alliance, said cooperation is “an essential belief and value of Southern Baptists” in “making Christ known to the ends of the earth.”
“As Christians first, and as Hispanics second, our focus needs to be the glory of God, not our glory,” Cabrera said. “If each Hispanic leader continues working and serving to make Christ known and focus on the glory of God, serving our churches and reaching our communities, we will be stronger.”
Evidences of Southern Baptist unity in Hispanic outreach, Cabrera said, can be seen in “more Hispanic churches being planted, more Hispanics leading or serving in different areas in our convention, more Hispanics in our seminaries doing master's or doctoral studies” and, now, the Hispanic Baptist Leaders' Council that will seek key goals “we can work on together.”
Insights in Dallas
Apart from the AVANCE fellowship, a number of speakers are scheduled by the other Hispanic organizations:
– The Church2Church fellowship will feature Ramon Osorio, Hispanic church planting catalyst with the North American Mission Board.
Robert Lopez described the Church2Church fellowship as “a network of Baptist churches, united by the same purpose, to implement the strategies of the North American Mission Board and International Mission Board in the area of evangelism and church planting, through increasing the Cooperative Program,” Southern Baptists' channel for missions and ministry support across the U.S. and globally.
“We exist to foster a healthy relationship between the churches of the Southern Baptist Convention in partnership and cooperation with the convention's entities,” Lopez said, along with fostering “the participation of our leaders in denominational life through the SBC's committees and ministries and the Great Commission.”
– The National Hispanic Fellowship will feature Jesse Rincones III, executive director of the Convención Bautista Hispana de Texas; Mike Gonzales, director of Hispanic ministries for the Southern Baptists of Texas Convention and a featured columnist with BP en Español; and Oliver R. Martinez, lead pastor of Iglesia Bautista Getsemane in Fort Worth.
Also, Valverde said seven Hispanic churches in Dallas will join in an evangelistic crusade in their communities, June 4-10, working in tandem with Hispanic volunteers from across the country and the International Commission ministry. The campaign will culminate with a Night of Victory on Sunday, “expecting hundreds of new converts and believers reconciled with God.”
Valverde, who has been elected five times as the group's president since 2002, said the fellowship emphasizes “the need to recover the vision for the Great Commission and evangelize to the ends of the earth, and to grow in Hispanic national unity.”
– The Hispanic Baptist Pastors Alliance will feature J.D. Greear, pastor of The Summit Church in Raleigh-Durham, N.C.; Hance Dilbeck, executive director of the Baptist General Convention of Oklahoma; and Otto Sanchez, pastor of Iglesia Bautista Ozama in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.
Cabrera described the alliance as “a network of Hispanic Southern Baptist pastors who want to see Christ exalted and His Word proclaimed in the Hispanic community and in Spanish-speaking congregations.”
Lifeway Español also has scheduled a leadership session from 11:30 a.m.-2:30 p.m. Tuesday, June 12, in Rooms A130-131, Level 1, of the convention center. Presenters will include David Sills, Christian missions and cultural anthropology professor at Southern Baptist Theological Seminary; Ramon Medina, pastor of Champion Forest Baptist Church en Español in Houston; and Ariel Irizarry, LifeWay's director of Hispanic ministerial relations. Pre-registration is required at sbc2018liderazgo.eventbrite.com, with seating limited to 100 and no more than four attendees per church.
We need to be present'
Leaders of the various organizations are united in the value of attending the Hispanic sessions and the SBC annual meeting.
“Attending the SBC annual meeting is a great opportunity to fellowship with other Southern Baptists around the nation,” Luis Lopez said. “It provides a local pastor a chance to see how God is working in our convention to fulfill the Great Commission. It gives pastors the opportunity to connect with other leaders, not only in their own state but throughout the nation. It is a time to be encouraged and encourage other ministry partners in the work of the Lord.”
Robert Lopez of the Church2Church fellowship noted, “If we have any concerns about issues related to the SBC, then we need to be present at the annual meetings – number one, to inform us better; number two, to express our concerns; and number three, to have us count and have representation.” Many Hispanic Baptist pastors are not well-informed about “the many aspects of SBC and need to get closer to the core of our convention,” which will help build unity and fortify pastors in their biblical theology, he said.
Valverde told BP, “I am Hispanic Baptist. I do not speak or understand English, but I've always attended the SBC for the last 25 years, and do you know why? Because I want to see my brothers and sisters and worship the Lord together. I rejoice with my brethren.”
Cabrera noted that Hispanic Baptists “cannot forget that our congregations have been greatly blessed by the Southern Baptist Convention, through our state conventions and each of the SBC entities and seminaries.
“Most Hispanic work begins with the support of a mother church, associations, state conventions and/or the North American Mission Board,” Cabrera continued. “Through the Cooperative Program, millions of dollars have been designated to reach the growing Hispanic community here in North America and Puerto Rico. Many Hispanics have been prepared in our seminaries through scholarships or discounts. And in most of the natural disasters which Hispanics have faced, Southern Baptist Disaster Relief and [the North American Mission Board's] Send Relief have responded and given us a hand.
“However, we must not forget the words of our Lord Jesus Christ in Luke 12:48: ‘... veryone to whom much was given, of him much will be required.' Each Southern Baptist pastor must understand the importance and value of the cooperative work that unites us in the Southern Baptist Convention and join it.
“I do not think it is optional; I believe it is a moral duty that each Hispanic Baptist pastor and our respective messengers needs to participate in each annual meeting,” Cabrera said. “We are part of the family and we need to be present.”
(EDITOR'S NOTE – Art Toalston is senior editor of Baptist Press, news service of the Southern Baptist Convention.)
The latest round of BMW spy photos from the Nürburgring show not one, but two performance variants of the highly anticipated 8 Series coupe from Munich. We've seen the M8 and its quad-tipped exhaust previously, but the second car with the trapezoid exhaust outlets and exposed lower side trim is believed to be an 8 Series M-package version, which will seek to find balance between the standard grand tourer and the hardcore M8.
“The conception and development of the standard BMW 8 Series and the M model run in parallel,” said M Division President Frank Van Meel. “The future BMW M8 will build on the genes of the 8 Series and augment its DNA with added track ability and generous extra portions of dynamic sharpness, precision and agility. It all flows into a driving experience that bears the familiar BMW M hallmarks and satisfies our customers' most exacting requirements.”
As far as specifics on those genes, much is still unknown. Current thinking suggests the M8 will borrow the 4.4-liter biturbo V8 destined for the next M5, sending its power to all four wheels through the manufacturer's M xDrive system. At the very least a V8 is likely to be found in the standard 8 Series M-Package, but talk of V12 power still churns in the rumor mill. Regardless of the engine, the range-topping M8 will likely have more than 600 horsepower, which is the figure expected to come from the next M5. Naturally it will be paired with upgraded brakes, suspension, and all the other wizardry that takes place behind the closed doors of BMW's M division.
BMW announced the M8 GTE would have its endurance racing debut in January for Rolex 24 Hours at Daytona. While the automaker hasn't given an official reveal date for the production 8 Series, we expect it to happen sometime this fall with sales beginning the second half of 2018. The M8 will likely follow for 2019.
Source: Automedia
In order to drive traffic to your website you must engage in the practice of search engine optimization, also referred to as SEO. The ultimate goal of search engine optimization is to get a specific website to appear in the first few pages of a search engine result. It is search engines that generate the most search engine traffic.
If you operate a WordPress blog, the best way to handle SEO is to grab one of the server's many plug-in options. Instead of looking around and reading articles, you can handle everything on-site. A lot of the difficult steps of the past have been automated on a site like WordPress, so tinkering with the site a little bit, can turn you into an SEO aficionado.
This seems basic, but a good practice to follow is to constantly monitor your page rank using independent traffic monitoring services. Doing so will help you determine whether your optimization is having any effect on your site traffic. A good site to use is Alexa, which will show an abundance of useful statistics.
Before venturing into the world of optimizing your search engine results, it can be beneficial to learn the lingo. Many terms such as HTML and SERP will come up regularly, and understanding them can be a huge benefit as you grow your page hits. There are many books and websites to help you learn the lingo fast.
When linking back to your homepage through other parts of your website, be sure that you are linking to the domain name and not /index.html or another iteration that has something appended to the end. Your homepage will be placed higher on search results pages if you help search engines recognize that the domain name is the anchor of your site, rather than confusing the search engines by having two (or more) separate homepages (such as /index.html).
Use the most searched keywords in your HTML title tag. Search engines weigh the placement of keywords and the most weight is given to those in the title. Putting the most important words right in your title will get you to the top of a search query and drive users to your site.
A great way to get your site more visible is to begin posting blogs on your site. Blogs increase the size of your site and give you a way to connect with your visitors. This, in turn, increases your search engine visibility, which will give you many more visitors.
Ask questions of your audience. Regardless of whether you are asking their opinions or testing their knowledge, people love to answer questions. Allowing them to comment their answers directly on your website is an easy way of getting search engines to notice you, as well as building rapport with your readers.
Create a series of email auto-responders for customers who sign up for your mailing list. Offer a tip a day or a relevant series of articles and have them set to go over a set amount of time. Include both content and a sales pitch in your emails to help convert potential prospects into paying customers.
If you have a competitor whose SEO performance you would like to emulate, find out how many visitors the competitor's site draws from the search engine results pages. If you intend to combat the competitor head-to-head, this gives you a goal for your own efforts. If you simply want to keep pace with the pack, you can use the competitor's traffic as a yardstick
When making a page redirect use the 301 server redirect as opposed to 302 or meta refreshes. A 301 redirect is telling the search engines that this is a permanent change and that they should update their indexes to the new page. The other types are used frequently by spammers so stay away from them unless they are needed.
Using analytic tools will help the savvy webmaster judge the effectiveness of his or her search engine optimization. Analytic tools can show exactly what keywords searchers used to locate the webmaster's site. This allows the webmaster to tailor his or her SEO strategy even further and focus on those keywords that have proven most effective.
Hopefully, this information has helped you to get a better understanding of ways to enhance your search engine optimization techniques and strategies. Go ahead and start to put this information to use today, to see just how much of an improvement it can make on your site's search engine results.
The Chief Minister's Special Monitoring Unit in collaboration with the Punjab Safe Cities Authority and the Punjab Commission on the Status of Women (PCSW) will the launch the Women Safety Smart Phone Application on January 4.
The smartphone application developed by the Punjab Safe Cities Authority includes a special button for women's safety that provides access to the PCSW helpline (1043), SMU's Women-on-Wheels campaign, and the Police, and allows users to avail an option to mark unsafe spaces. The launch will be attended by government officials and members of civil society.
In regards to the launch of the app, Law and Order Special Monitoring Unit Head Salman Sufi said that the Punjab Government is keen to launch the Women's Safety app to ensure that women have an effective platform to report incidents of harassment.
The Punjab Commission on the Status of Women Chairperson Fauzia Viqar added that the application includes a button connecting the application with the Punjab Women's Helpline that provides information on available laws and services for women and to address complaints of inaction or discrimination by other government institutions. She assured women and girls of support from the Government of Punjab to protect their safety in public spaces. PSCA Chief Operating Officer Akbar Nasir Khan stated that the application will make it easier for women to report harassment at all hours and will also be available offline.
The app will allow women to notify Police Integrated Command, Control and Communication (PPIC3) officials regarding the kind of harassment they are subjected to along with their exact geographic location. The law enforcement agencies will dispatch a team of first responders to immediately tackle the situation upon receiving the notification. The app has been comprehensively designed to allow women to report any experience that renders public space unsafe.
The Punjab Safe Cities Authority, Special Monitoring Unit and Punjab Commission on the Status of Women are working in their respective areas to make Punjab a safer province for women. SMU's Women-on-Wheels campaign alongside being the first government-sponsored initiative to provide free motorcycle training to women also raises awareness regarding street harassment.
The Government of Punjab is taking steps to ensure women's safety through various initiatives.
Here are the top playmakers from the Cowboys' 30-10 win over the Giants
The Dallas Cowboys found enough big plays, including a 50-yard touchdown catch by Dez Bryant and a 54-yard reception by Cole Beasley to pull away against the New York Giants 30-10 at Met Life Stadium.
London: Romelu Lukaku can attack his first Manchester United season under no pressure after scoring two goals on his Premier League debut against West Ham United, according to manager Jose Mourinho.
Lukaku, a £75 million ($97.6 million, 82.5 million euros) capture from Everton, netted United`s first two goals as Mourinho`s men cantered to a 4-0 home win in their opening fixture on Sunday.
Having scored in United`s UEFA Super Cup loss to Real Madrid, he has three goals in his first two official games for the club and Mourinho said it would expedite his adaptation to life at Old Trafford.
"He scored in the Super Cup, he scored today. He`s playing well, he`s working hard. He likes the team, the team likes him," Mourinho said.
"For any striker, they can play phenomenally well, but if they don`t score goals, the pressure is on them.
"So good for him, good for (Everton`s) Wayne Rooney, for (Arsenal`s Alexandre) Lacazette, for (Chelsea`s Alvaro) Morata, for all the guys arriving in new clubs and scoring goals on the first day.
"It`s always oxygen, happiness and confidence for them. Romelu knows me well. He knows that sometimes strikers can play very well for the team without scoring goals.
"He knows that from me, no pressure at all. But today was good. Very effective, with the first goal especially."
Lukaku, 24, finished crisply off the post from Marcus Rashford`s pass in the 33rd minute and climbed to head in a Henrikh Mkhitaryan free-kick early in the second period.
Late strikes by substitute Anthony Martial and Paul Pogba gave United their biggest opening-weekend win since a 5-1 rout of Fulham in 2006 and sent them to the top of the fledgling standings on goal difference.
Mourinho, however, was eager to point out that despite a 3-1 win at Bournemouth in their opening fixture a year ago, United had finished the season in sixth place."Last season we were also top of the league in the first match and we finished sixth, so this means nothing," said the Portuguese, whose side visit Swansea City on Saturday.
"I want to make it clear. This just means we played well and with confidence levels really high and now our challenge is to keep these confidence levels.
"The fans have reasons to be optimistic, because we also are optimistic. But for me, (with) years and years of experience, and experience in the Premier League, my feet are on the ground and I`m calm."
While Nemanja Matic also excelled on his home debut, there was no place in the squad for United`s third new signing, Swedish defender Victor Lindelof, but Mourinho said he would be eased into action gradually.
"I think Victor needs a little bit of time," the United manager said. "He`s going to have that time."
West Ham had four debutants on show in Joe Hart, Pablo Zabaleta, Marko Arnautovic and Javier Hernandez, but despite procuring a couple of sights of goal, they never looked like causing their hosts problems.
With London Stadium off-limits due to the World Athletics Championships, the east London club face two further away trips before their first home game against Huddersfield Town on September 11.
But manager Slaven Bilic played down the inconvenience and expressed confidence that his team would be able to flush their opening-weekend thrashing out of their systems.
"It is difficult, but it`s not that difficult," he said of West Ham`s run of away games.
"We`re not going to forget about this game and say, `It just happened.` We have to analyse this game.
"But we can`t lose confidence just because of one game and especially a game against Man United."
Bilic will have Michail Antonio back from injury for Saturday`s trip to Southampton and hopes to have Cheikhou Kouyate, Manuel Lanzini and Andy Carroll at his disposal for the game at Newcastle United on August 26.
After Judwaa 2‘s dominance in the previous week, this week amongst few small releases Saif Ali Khan's Chef released. The movie opened to an extremely dull response in the morning.
Saif Ali Khan's Chef is an official adaption from Jon Favreau's film with the same name. Yes, it's genre is limited to the multiplex audience and this seems to be a major issue. The movie was received very well by critics but the opening of the film remained low.
As per the early estimates, the movie had one of the lowest opening days of 2017. Estimates indicate it has collected 1.75-2 crores on its 1st day. If this happens it'll be lower than Simran (2.77 crores) and Lucknow Central (2.04 crores).
Saif, who is married to actress Kareena Kapoor Khan, believes that parents accord more respect to their children's aspirations now.
Trending :
“Earlier, parents used to decide a lot of things for you. In my family, we always listen to our children — Sara wants to join films; that's fine as that's something she has always wanted to do. I am happy with what my children want to be,” said the actor, who has daughter Sara and son Ibrahim with former wife Amrita Singh and nine-month-old Taimur with Kareena.
Best known for his roles in films like Main Khiladi Tu Anari, Hum Saath-Saath Hain, Hum Tum, Salaam Namaste, Omkara and Love Aaj Kal, most of which have been multi-starrers, Saif is now more inclined towards working in solo-hero movies.
“I prefer working in solo-hero projects because there you can be more relaxed and work at your own pace. But I am happy to do a two-hero film — if the role is good. I have had a wonderful timing with Shah Rukh. I really enjoyed Kal Ho Naa Ho.”
Beijing: The Chinese Commerce Ministry on Monday announced a complete ban on coal, iron, lead and seafood imports from North Korea.
The ban, to come into force on Tuesday and in accordance with the sanctions approved by the UN Security Council on August 5, excludes imports authorized before that date and which will be allowed to enter Chinese territory until September 5.
It also excludes imports originating in third countries but supplied via North Korea's port of Rason with approval from the UN Security Council.
China, a permanent member of the Council with the power of veto, voted in favour of Resolution 2371, which imposes sanctions against North Korea.
On Saturday, Chinese President Xi Jinping had asked his US counterpart, Donald Trump, to exercise restraint to prevent a further escalation of tensions in the Korean peninsula after the recent flurry of threats between Washington and Pyongyang.
Ripon is set to raise a glass to fundraising to help renew Ripon Cathedral.
The Cathedral's beer festival, including live music and family entertainment, will take place on Bank Holiday Monday May 7, 11.30am-5pm, in the Dean's Garden.
A spokesman said: “The event has been kindly sponsored by CNG a commercial gas supplier based in Harrogate that is committed to supporting the local community and is also delighted to have become a Principal Business Partner.
“We are also grateful to our Principal Business Partners Stratstone BMW and Mini who will be showcasing their latest models at the Beer Festival and also Brewin Dolphin of Leeds for their generous support over the last year.
“Many other local businesses have generously supported this community fundraising event, with a view to raising more funds towards the proposed new development plans. Ripon Cathedral Renewed, supporting the Dean's development plans for a 21st Century Cathedral.”
As we have already witnessed the launch of all the flagship smartphones of this year, it is time to focus on the upcoming ones. The rumor mills have started churning out details about the 2018 flagships speculating when these devices will be launched and what specs we can get to see on them.
Talking about Xiaomi, we came across a report claiming that the flagship Mi 7 and Mi 7 Plus are likely to be unveiled together in March 2018. Now there is an image that shows the alleged back panel of the Mi Mix 3. A Weibo post via GizmoChina has revealed the image alleged to be that of the Xiaomi Mi Mix 3.
The rear panel design of the Xiaomi Mi Mix 3 has been revealed by the leaked images and it looks like the device will be similar to the iPhone X with a similar vertical dual camera placement. It appears to have a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor as there is a cutout for the same as well on the case leaked by another source seen below.
For now, it is early to talk about the design and specs of the Xiaomi Mi Mix 3 as the Mi Mix 2 is barely a few months old. Given that the previous generation Mi Mix models feature a full-screen design, we can expect the upcoming one also to flaunt such a design. Even the previously leaked photos of the alleged Mi Mix 3 prototypes show that there will be negligible bezels at the side and a very high screen-to-body ratio.
Well, we still have a long time for the launch of the Mi Mix 3 and the focus now will be on the Mi 7 and Mi 7 Plus as these smartphones are said to be launched in the first quarter of the next year. And, it goes without saying that the rumor mills will heavily churn out details about the upcoming flagship smartphone duo.
April 20 Landi Renzo SpA:
* Landi Renzo and AVL sign a preliminary agreement for the sale of business unit related to part of research and development center to AVL
* Can continue to use the portion of the R&D center managed by AVL Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Monday, August 14, 2017
SPAIN: Cats have assumed various roles in human societies: house pets, rodent deterrents, even Internet memes. In Spain, some 1,000 years ago, it appears that they were also exploited for their fur. Analysis of nine cat skeletons from a medieval rubbish pit at the El Bordellet site shows that the skinning process left definitive cut marks on the bones. The cats ranged from 6 to 25 months in age, apparently the optimal age for producing a suitably sized hide but young enough so the fur was unlikely to have been damaged. —Jason Urbanus
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
MADRID (AP) — Spain and Portugal have issued warnings of high winds and heavy rain as a storm reaches the Iberian Peninsula from the Atlantic.
Spain's weather service has issued its highest warning level – “red” for extreme risk – for the adverse conditions Sunday generated by Storm Ana. It says the biggest threat to public safety will be the strong winds, which could reach 120 kph (74 mph) in mountainous regions and the country's northwest.
Portugal's weather service has also issued warnings of extreme risk due to high winds for its northern and central areas.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court will today hear a petition filed by advocate Harvinder Choudhry seeking a ban on jokes against the Sikh community.
Choudhary had earlier contended that such jokes portray the Sikh community in negative light and wants such websites, which disseminate such `insensitive` jokes, to be prosecuted under laws that carry a prison term of six months to five years.
The petitioner argued that such jokes on many social network websites portray Sikhs as "unintelligent", "foolish" and "naïve", making them an easy target of ridicule and racial abuse.
Choudhary, herself belonging to a Sikh family, said that she too had been a target of ridicule and abuse because of such jokes.
The apex court has asked an expert panel headed by former apex court judge HS Bedi to submit draft guidelines so that appropriate orders can be passed to prevent circulation of Sardar jokes on websites.
In July, a bench of Chief Justice TS Thakur and Justice DY Chandrachud gave six weeks time for the panel to hold discussions and submit the guidelines.
The bench passed the order after hearing the counsel for various parties including the Shiromani Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee (SGPC) which said that the community is being bullied by such jokes.
With ANI inputs
New Delhi: The Central government on Tuesday told the Supreme Court that death by hanging is not as "barbaric, inhuman and cruel" as an execution by firing squad or lethal injection.
Supporting a legal provision that a death row convict would only be hanged to death, the Ministry of Home Affairs told a bench headed by Chief Justice Deepak Misra that death by hanging was "quick, simple" and free from anything that would unnecessarily sharpen the poignancy of the prisoner.
"Execution, as contemplated under section 354(5) of the Code of Criminal Procedure, is not barbaric, inhuman and cruel as well as in compliance with safeguard no. 9 of the resolutions adopted by the United Nations Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC)," said the affidavit filed by the ministry.
The affidavit came while responding to a PIL filed by advocate Rishi Malhotra challenging the constitutionality of hanging to death as a mode of execution. Section 354 (5) of the Code of Criminal Procedure mandates that a person sentenced to death shall "be hanged by the neck till he is dead". The apex court had termed the Constitution as a "compassionate and organic" guiding book and asked it to consider changing the law so that a convict, facing death penalty, dies in peace and not in pain. The affidavit of the ministry further stated: "Lethal injection, which is believed to be painless, has also been contested on the ground that it may lead to uncomfortable death wherein the convict is unable to express his/her discomfort because of paralysis by the paralytic agent injected. It is believed by many that lethal injection, as is practised currently, is designed to create only an appearance of serenity and painless death." It added that such injections, if made available, can be misused, and also ruled out the option of execution by a firing squad contending that it was not "fail-safe" and can be extremely painful if shooters miss the heart by accident or by intention. "Hanging with more advanced procedures is far safer than techniques such as lethal injections. The procedure by which a death sentence is to be executed is dependent upon a variety of factors such as economic feasibility, availability of skilled and technical personnel, equipment and resources, rate of botched executions," the affidavit said, adding that the mode of execution is a "matter of legislative policy".
Mexico has agreed to a trade deal with the European Union amid Washington's push to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). The new agreement will eliminate tariffs for almost all goods traded between the EU and Mexico. Sputnik discussed this with Antonio Moreno, head of the business department at the University of Navarra.
Sputnik: How do you assess the revamped Mexico-EU agreement? How profitable is it for both of them?
Antonio Moreno: I think that it's been moderated by the fact that Mexico, I think, is suffering the consequences of the new and likely forthcoming trade policies by the US. I think that they have a lot of questions lingering as to whether NAFTA is going to be changed, and of course in a way NAFTA has had some positive impact in Mexico, so if NAFTA now changes, I think, Mexico is going to suffer a lot. So it makes sense for them to diversify their trade partners and to revamp the previous trade agreements, including more products that they could export and import.
Sputnik: So do you think this is going to fairly well compensate Mexico for what it lost in regards to the NAFTA deal?
© REUTERS / Leah Millis Trump Warns Mexico About NAFTA Withdrawal If Illegal Migration Issue Not Tackled
Well I think it's going to take some time, in the scenario in which it's going to be the US-Mexico trade agreement breaks in an important way, I think it's going to take some time for Mexico to actually get back to the previous situation. Mexico has been one of the top exporters in the world over the last 10 years and I think it's going to take time, because you need to build your network, you need to spend time with companies, and I think that the situation is a blow for Mexico, and it's going to take time to mend the situation for them.
Sputnik: And of course we have the US, Mexico and Canada expected to reach a new deal on NAFTA. Donald Trump has called the current deal the worst deal possible and the worst trade deal ever signed by the US. Do you think that the fact that you have now revamped the Mexico-EU agreement, it's positioning Mexico in a better way to go into the NAFTA renegotiations?
Antonio Moreno: Well definitely, I think it's going to give them some bargaining power. Actually, there's one other thing that we should take into account, it's not only about trading more but the quality of the products that you export.
Sputnik: What kind of deal do you think Mexico is looking to get, what kind of concessions will be considered by Mexico to the US? What are your thoughts on what the new deal is going to look like?
Antonio Moreno: I think that we have to depart from this view that this renegotiation attempt is a bad scenario for Mexico, so it's about time for Mexico to have the list, the renegotiations list, or the list of changes to NAFTA. That's probably not going to be possible, but I think going forward the smart thing would be to have an industrial strategy for Mexico to try to build these industries also based on what they can export to the US; but I think also to the EU because this diversification has an advantage for Mexico and for the EU.
READ MORE: Optimism in Ottawa: Canadian PM Trudeau Confident on NAFTA Despite US Scepticism
Sputnik: Going forward then, do you think that it's a pretty much a done deal that we're going to see a NAFTA agreement that's going to be good for Mexico and that the US will accept?
© AFP 2018 / NICHOLAS KAMM Trudeau Says Canada Does Not Link Trump Tariffs to NAFTA Deal
I don't think that's going to happen, I think Mr. Trump's trading strategy has been, well, he's putting everything into question, but when it comes to the actual renegotiations we are seeing more talks and more conversations than you deduce from his words, and now we're seeing the secretary of treasury going to China and I think that's also going to be the same thing with Mexico. Maybe in the end the renegotiations will not be that hard for Mexico even if the words from Mr Trump have been very, very harsh. 3.45 — 4.11 (can't make out) Going forward, I think, “very bigly,” the US may not go through the end, to an end that has many changes. I think it's all a game of trying to use their political base, about what matters and what you have to write to get an agreement. Maybe it's not going to be as many changes as thought. The near expectations of the change in NAFTA is taking a toll on Mexico, that's the point I want to make, there a lot of fear and expectations of devaluation of the Mexican peso are high now.
The views and opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
An Post are known for delivering even the most challenging of letters, with maps instead of addresses and coins taped to envelopes instead of stamps.
But they've really excelled themselves here, and it looks like postal workers in Finland play ball too!
There is a beermat postcard code and we are here to tell you that it's real.
Legend has it that if you tear the paper off one side of a beermat, write a note on it, draw on a stamp of some sort and pop the address on one side and then post it - the beermat postcard will arrive at it's destination.
Edward Brennan was living in Helsinki when he heard about this incredible claim and he decided he had to put it to the test.
So he made his own and popped it in the post.
He then forgot all about it, until one week later, when he got news that his postcard had managed to wing it's way all the way from Helsinki to Kilkenny and into the hands of his mammy.
HOLY CRAP HOW DID WE NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS BEFORE?
Edward joined Dermot & Dave to tell them all about this amazing discovery:
Coastal Alabama Pickleball Club supasses 600 member mark
By Bob Webb
The Coastal Alabama Pickleball Club, the 7th largest Club in the U.S. surpassed the 600 Member mark on February 13, 2017. The Club was founded on February 1, 2015 and has reached its current number of Members (604) in less than 25 months. Per a March 2014 NBC TV News Report by Brian Williams, there were 250,000 people playing Pickleball in the U.S. as that time. The U.S. Pickleball “population” is expected to exceed 8 million people by the end of 2017. Pickleball is far and away America's fastest growing sport. 67% of the public tennis courts in the U.S. are being modified to accommodate both Tennis and Pickleball or being converted to dedicated Pickleball Courts.
CAPC-Three (3) Area Venues
The CAPC offers Pickleball at three local venues: The Cultural Center in Gulf Shores (Ralph Perada-Site Director) The Orange Recreation Center (Jonathon Langston-Site Director) and the Lake Osprey RV Resort (Penny & Gary Ratliff Site Directors). Go to coastalalabamapickleballclub.com to join the Club (membership is free) and to find the “Open Play” schedules for the aforementioned venues. Each venue offers three courts and three levels of play A, B, and C, which promotes both safety and competitive balance. There is a $3 facility fee per three (3) hour session at each of the venues. Loaner paddles are available at all 3 locations and Demo paddles (try before you buy) are available at Lake Osprey.
3rd Annual CAPC Tournament Series
The CAPC will conduct its 3rd Annual Club Tournaments Series of 7 tournaments including Mixed Doubles, Ladies, A, B, C and Men's A, B, C, the week of February 20-24: February 20-A Level, February 21-B Level, February 22-C Level and February 24 Mixed Doubles. Ladies Tournaments are held in the mornings and Men's Tournaments are held in the afternoons. The Tournament is free to its Members and lunch (also free) is provided by the Cultural Center, where the Tournaments are held.
The CAPC Opens Online Store
On February 11, the Coastal Alabama Pickleball Club opened its Online Store. Member can now purchase CAPC Logo clothing (shirts, shorts, jackets, caps, and visors) and novelty items. The idea of having Logo gear came from Member Bob Connor who suggested to the Steering Committee to make CAPC shirts and other logo items available. After conducting a Public Logo Art Contest, which was won by local teacher Hal Huber, and locating a screen print/embroidery vendor equipped provide the Logo items with the ability to ship items directly to each buyer, the store is now a reality.
Go to www.coastalabamapickleballclub.com to browse the online store. Thanks to Members Bob Connor and the CAPC Webmaster, Brent Cooper of Atlanta for making the store possible.
COPA AIRLINES has moved 26 ski and summer resorts closer to Panama with the introduction of direct flights to Denver. Colorado.
The Panamanian company which has been a member of the Star Alliance since 2012 and is considered the most punctual airline in Latin America, inaugurated the direct connection between Panama and Denver, capital of the state of Colorado and one of the most important ski destinations in the United States on Monday, December 11.
“For Copa Airlines it is a source of pride to start new flights to the attractive city of Denver, which today becomes the thirteenth city we serve in the United States,” said the company's chief executive, Pedro Heilbron.
Flight CM 476 will operate initially with four weekly frequencies (Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday) departing at 11.50 a.m. local time (16.50 GMT) from Tocumen International Airport, in Panama, and arriving at 4.16 p.m. local time (9.16 GMT) at Denver, the airline said.
Panama's Tourism Director, Gustavo Him, was on hand to point out some return benefits. “Each direct flight represents more arrival of tourists and economic movement that permeates the entire sector: hotels, restaurants, transportation and tour operators, among others,” he said.
Copa flies to 75 cities in some thirty countries on the continent.
We all are well-versed with Salman Khan's tender and helping attitude.He has launched a lot of newbies and star kids in the industry. Be it Katrina Kaif to Sonakshi Sinha, he has been a helping hand to many. We can also call his as a ‘saviour',as he has given a lift to many people's career. Salman Khan will now help his Bodyguard Shera's son to launch his career in Bollywood.
A source very close to Salman said, “It was a promise Salman made to Shera when his son Tiger was born. Salman had picked up the newly-born boy and said, ‘Yeh hero banega. Main banaunga.' Shera thought it was just a passing comment made in excitement on seeing the newly-born. But as Tiger grew older Salman would frequently mention the boy's debut. In recent times Salman had become more resolute about Tiger's launch. He reassured Shera that Tiger would be launched right after Salman's brother-in-law Aayush's Loveratri is out.”
It is said that he will make his debut with an action movie and is undergoing extensive training for that.
A friend close to Salman said, “Salman will ensure Tiger's debut is as promising as Aayush's. Shera can give his life for Salman. This is the least Salman can do for him.”
It will be very exciting to see Shera's son on-screen. We all hope that Salman keeps bestowing his graciousness on all the laudable people.
click to enlarge Provided
Famulari's has four locations
In order to help those less fortunate, Famulari's is asking guests to help fight hunger on National Pizza Day.On Feb. 9, for very slice a customer buys for a person at One80 Place homeless shelter, Famulari's will donate an additional slice.Famulari's will match all of the donations, up to $1000 worth of pizza. The pizzeria will then coordinate with One80 Place shelters located in downtown Charleston to schedule when to deliver the donations.To get involved, visit one of the following Famulari's locations, or donate online at famspizza.com.
1:29
AMBER, Blue and Silver Alerts: What you need to know
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of her two teenage sons
3:13
Dépaysement (2017)
Foreign/National
Read more
'Dépaysement' is the sound of being somewhere far, far away from home. It hums with the shock of being suddenly alone - in a place where no one cares who you are or what you're doing.
Pitti Uomo occupies a special place in the realm of menswear. The biannual shows in Florence are a celebration of dandyism at its finest, and bring out some of the proudest peacocks out there. What to expect: bright colors, out-of-control tailoring, dapper headgear, and no shortage of cigars. Click through our favorite sartorial highlights here.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge's guided busway will close this week for maintenance work.
Cambridgeshire County Council said the busway will be closed temporarily between Histon and Park Lane on Wednesday (December 13), from 10am to 4pm, for tree-cutting along the route.
A temporary bus stop will be put in place on Station Road in Histon for passengers who normally use the Histon northbound stop towards St Ives.
The council announced the closure on Twitter earlier today (December 11).
The Guided Busway between Histon and Park Lane will be closed temporarily on Wednesday (13 Dec.) 10am - 4pm for maintenance work. Passengers using the Histon northbound stop towards St Ives please use the temporary bus-stop on Station Road. Thank you for your patience. — Cambridgeshire CC (@CambsCC) December 11, 2017
A spokeswoman for the county council said it is likely the busway will only be closed for one day.
Here is what is making headlines today:
1. 39 Indians missing in Iraq's Mosul since 2014 are dead: Sushma Swaraj
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Tuesday declared that 39 Indians, who were missing in Iraq's Mosul since 2014, are dead. ''Out of the 40 who were kidnapped, one person managed to escape, and others were confirmed dead after DNA samples were matched from bodies exhumed from a mound, '' EAM Swaraj said in Rajya Sabha. Read full report
2. Mumbai local live updates: Over 60 trains cancelled as job aspirants cripple Central line services
Several job aspirants on Tuesday staged protesting between Mumbai's Matunga and Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway stations, stalling local train services in the Maharashtra capital leaving hundreds of commuters stranded. Read full report
3. Arvind 'Sorry' Kejriwal - Congress suggests new name after Delhi CM apologises to Gadkari, Sibal
The Congress party has now advised the Delhi Chief Minister to change his name to Arvind Sorry Kejriwal hours after the latter tendered an apology to BJP leader and Union Minister Nitin Gadkari and Congress leader Kapil Sibal for making unverified allegations of corruption against them. Read full report
4. Political uproar in Tamil Nadu over Rath Yatra, Stalin says 'stop it immediately for peace'
DMK acting president MK Stalin has urged the Tamil Nadu government to act immediately to stop the Ram Rajya Rath Yatra from entering the state. According to the DMK strongman, the Rath Yatra will disturb the communal harmony and peace in Tamil Nadu. Read full report
5. PNB scam: Mehul Choksi again writes to CBI, reiterates he can't come to India
Responding to the fresh set of summons sent by Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), absconding jeweller Mehul Choksi again wrote a letter to the investigative agency stating that was impossible for him to return to India and join the investigation due to the suspension of his passport and ill-health. Read full report
6. Congress playing with fire, says BJP as Karnataka recognises Lingayat as separate religion
The BJP appears to be in a fix and has slammed the Karnataka government for its decision to recommend separate religion status for the state's powerful and electorally crucial Lingayats in the Congress-ruled state. Read full report
Photo: Greg Williams
By Jon Wiederhorn
Heading into the 2018 GRAMMY nomination season, many expected Ed Sheeran to sweep numerous categories. While he was nominated for two GRAMMYs – Best Pop Solo Performance (“Shape Of You”) and Best Pop Vocal Album (Divide) — Sheeran isn't on the ballot for the biggest awards, including Record of the Year, Album of the Year and Song of the Year.”
Related: Ed Sheeran Trades Beer-Stained Shirt For Niall Horan Hockey Jersey
In a recent interview, Sheeran said he wasn't upset when he found out about the snub; in fact, he believes it was ‘meant to be.'
“There's a very clear reason why that happened and it's bigger than me, like much bigger than me. And like it's just something that, again, it was just meant to be,” he told Billboard. “That is the way that this year was meant to roll out.”
Sheeran added that he has everything going for him, and he has received numerous recent honors and accolades, so why complain?
“You know, I'm not dying. It's not like I'm never gonna be nominated for a Grammy again,” he said. “And I was nominated for two GRAMMYs. This is why everything's meant to be. The week after that, I get an MBE from the palace, I go Number One on Spotify, I go Number One on Billboard. I'm about to have my second ever Billboard Number One. Like, there are so many other things in the mix that counterbalance it.”
“That's just the way I live my life,” he concluded. “When one door closes, another door opens. You'll really, really send yourself mental if you think into things too much, and I'm just so easy-going when it comes to that.”
As a first grader, she survived the tornado that destroyed Moore's Plaza Towers Elementary. But back on May 20, 2013, Haleigh Legg says she huddled next to her classmates as the EF5 tore through everything in its path.
Her brother Christopher, who was also in a different building at the school, fell victim to the storm.
Eleven surgeries later and Haleigh Legg still suffers from permanent hearing loss.
“I just remember going to school,” Legg says, "and they went over a bunch of tornado drills. At first, we were in the hallway and I think I got knocked out by a brick or something. All I remember is being pulled by the back of my shirt into a bathroom.”
Haleigh says she had to quit dancing. It was too hard to find the rhythm with her hearing aid. She immediately set her sights on recovery and turned her focus to archery. She says it helps target and treat the trauma the tornado left behind.
“To me,” Legg says, "it's a really fun sport and I really enjoy it, and yes, some days I consider it a release from the world. It does help and then some days I am like, 'It doesn't help at all.'"
Her mother, Danni, says she is at the top of her game. Today, Legg competed in the ASA Indoor State Championship. Tomorrow, she'll face some of the best in the State Games of Oklahoma. She says with a little ambition, you can accomplish a lot.
“I want to go to the Olympics," Legg says. "I really do."
As the anniversary of her brother's death approaches, she reminds herself to breathe and focus on the future, while remembering Christopher with love. Next weekend, she'll be in Las Vegas for the Vegas Shoot, an international competition hosted by the National Field Archery Association.
Monday's dry and breezy weather contributed to high pollen and increased brush fire danger in CT. We expect the pollen count to stay high on Tuesday as dry weather continues. The fire danger should not be as high because of a lighter breeze. Dry weather continues on Wednesday, and that means those suffering from the tree pollen and mold spores will still be sniffling and sneezing.
Showers are likely Thursday and Friday, but neither day looks like a washout. The showers will be enough to nudge the pollen count down a bit late in the workweek. The outlook for this weekend is for dry weather Saturday, and mainly dry on Sunday. Rain is in the forecast for early next workweek. In fact, it may arrive as soon as late Sunday. It's early, but the storm early next week has the potential to bring a soaking rain that would help both the pollen and brush fire concerns in CT. Remember, most of the state is still in a drought, so it will also help with that!
Late night showers lingering across the region, with only a stray rumble of thunder. By morning we will experience low clouds, fog, and high humidity. The same story applies as it did today, clouds early, sun and clouds, then developing showers and storms. High pressure is situated across the northern Gulf of Mexico and extends out towards Bermuda. Of course, this time of year the circulation taps plenty of sub-tropical moisture and feeds the region with all this fuel or humidity. The triggering mechanisms for storms are day-time heating and a cool front draped across the Tennessee Valley. The cold front this far north will send a few waves of energy into norther and central Alabama and Georgia. This will set the stage for a line of storms that can build in the late afternoon and the timing of the day will help to sustain them with all the daytime heating. These storms will pulse and form news storms ahead of this line until they reach this far south. We will see this front lift farther north in this extended forecast, which means we will return to more of the conventional “type” of pop-up convective storms building across the region.
Exclusive First Alert forecast and webcast
Social Media Week is fast approaching. And, if you're not familiar, this is a leading news platform and worldwide conference that curates and shares the best ideas and insights into social media and technology's impact on business, society and culture.
February 27 – March 1 marks the first ever independent satellite experience in Atlanta to further its effort in connecting people, content and conversation as well as advancing the understanding of social media's role in society, a provided statement to MMW reads.
Social Media Week Independent Atlanta (SMWi Atlanta) is organized by Social Fancy – a branding and media agency specializing in the industries of beauty, fashion, lifestyle, health and emerging technology.
We're told that the event will take place at Steelcase, a leading furniture provider whose innovative showroom provides the perfect backdrop to the exploration of human connectivity.
“We are very excited to bring the global stage of Social Media Week to Atlanta,” says Amyr Heard, President and CEO of Social Fancy. “It goes without saying that social media fuels the way we live, and it is our highest priority to provide the necessary tools, tips and resources for us to thrive personally, professionally and beyond!”
Want to know more? Click here.
The Clarendon Tavern
11 George St., 613-422-5111, theclarendon.ca
Open: 11:30 to 2 a.m. Daily
Prices: all dishes under $20
Access: steps to front door and to the backyard patio, which can also be accessed separately
The arrival in late May of the Clarendon Tavern in the ByWard Market strikes me as practically a defiant gesture against recent conditions that have made opening and running restaurants in Ottawa more difficult.
The eatery replaces the Black Tomato, which was shuttered last fall after its owner proclaimed that Ontario's minimum wage was the last straw that broke the back of his two-decade-old business.
And yet, at a time when most of Ottawa's new eateries seem to be small Asian businesses popping up where rents are cheapest, the Clarendon, located in a beautiful heritage stone building on George Street at Sussex Drive, is the latest venture by the expanding Eighteen Hospitality Groups, which includes the nearby restaurants Eighteen, Social and Sidedoor, plus another newcomer, Jackson in the Ottawa Art Gallery.
Furthermore, at a time when the costs of ingredients are rising and thereby driving up menu prices, the Clarendon keeps everything on its one-page gastropub menu under $20.
During the recent swelter, I've had three meals on the Clarendon's charming, 50-seat backyard patio, beyond its renovated interior, which seats 90, and includes circular banquettes next to its bar. Overall, I've found that food-wise, the Clarendon's executive chef, Chef Dave Godsoe, who also runs the haute-cuisine kitchen at Eighteen, has pulled it off, with the Clarendon's best dishes combining big and admirable flavours, some interesting tweaks to standard fare, and good value.
All of our smaller plates and snack-sized items were on the mark. We thought very highly of Godsoe's crisp and spicy “K.F.” Cauliflower ($12), its bed of chili-cashew spread, and smear of cooling raita. Another well-fried choice — especially when discounted during happy hour — was the Clarendon's chorizo Scotch egg ($8, or $5 during happy hour) with its properly molten yolk lovingly encased in sausage. Tuna poke ($16) registered more as a Asian tartare to me, but nomenclature aside, its tuna was fresh and its well-made accompaniments played well together.
Roughly a third of the Clarendon's savoury offerings are thin-crust flatbreads and we were happy with the two that we tried. The more straightforward of the two featured tender shrimp ($16) and some surprising but meaningful heat from chili flecks. The duck confit flatbread ($16) was another tasty choice, although it skewed just a little sweet from its orange-spread component, while its black garlic, miso and sesame notes seemed underplayed.
We liked some larger plates more than others. While nothing that we tasted was bland, there were quibbles here and there. Cod with chips ($18) delivered a hearty crunch thanks to the crushed chips that coated the fish and the fries, “thrice-cooked,” the menu says, were pretty good, if not exemplary in their combination of a crisp exterior and yielding interior. A lamb burger ($19) was easily enjoyed, although its spicy jerk mayo was surprisingly timid. Fried chicken ($18) consisted of three small, moist thighs whose batter delivered a good hit of flavour, but no crispness. Tender brisket was bolstered with a superior barbecue sauce, but the pickles on the plate could have been punchier. Chicken tikka ($18) won over the person who ordered it, even if he was not wowed from the start. A pork stir fry ($18) drew successfully on Vietnamese flavours with its chili, ginger and caramel notes, but the dish did put a lot of fat on the plate.
Desserts (all $8) at the Clarendon were sweet and classic rather than adventurous. I'd choose the apple crumble again for sharing, or the cookies and cream milkshake with deep-fried Oreos if I were to hog dessert to myself. A cheesecake fan approved of Godsoe's sous-vide creation, and chocolate pot au crème was a thick, rich indulgence tucked under peanut butter mousse and slices of caramelized banana.
Service has seemed a little slow to us, although at one lunch we were at least warned that we should be patient, as there was a large party eating inside.
Drinks here keep value in mind: Most cocktails are $11 or $12, a dozen beers on draft are $6.50, $7.50 or $8.50, and most of the 20 wines on offer are $10 or less for a glass or $55 or less for a bottle.
There are fancier, pricier restaurants than the Clarendon in the ByWard Market, including its sister businesses. The Clarendon's predecessor, the Black Tomato, was also significantly more expensive. But given the struggles of the restaurant industry today, plus the virtues that the Clarendon offers at its price point, you have to wonder if this new tavern on the corner hasn't done a better job of keeping focused on value and viability.
phum@postmedia.com
twitter.com/peterhum
BOONVILLE — The Starmount Rams defeated the Lady Cardinals of East Wilkes on Friday afternoon by a score of 4-2. The Lady Cardinals scored the first goal of the game with 13:02 left in the first half when Shelia Aguilar scored off the assist of Ciara Pierce for a Lady Cardinals lead that they would take into the half.
“I felt good about the first half with the exception that we were down 0-1, but we missed several point blank shots and the ball crossed the goal face and we did not finish,” said Starmount head coach Dale Draughn of his team's first-half play. “East played a good first half, but I told the girls at half to continue to shoot and they would start going in.”
With 26:22 the Lady Rams finally found the back of the net when Irene Villanueva Adame off the assist of Maggie Freed. The Lady Rams then added to their lead when Jackie Catalan scored her first varsity goal off the assist of Alyssa Yanez with 21:45 remaining in the game for the first Rams lead of the game.
The Lady Rams Maggie Freed would put the Rams up 3-1 off the assist of Jackie Catalan with 19:33 remaining in the game. The Lady Cardinals got a goal back with 16:07 when Christa Burchette scored off the assist of Ciara Pierce with the Lady Rams leading 3-2.
The Lady Rams scored their final goal when Kimberly Catalan scored off the assist of Emily Parker with 7:46 and the final score of 4-2.
“We have had to move some JV players up, due to some injuries and other reasons, and they made an impact on today's game. Coach Lincomfelt is doing a good job with them JV team, as they have to train and play against the varsity team in practice,” said Draughn.
Starmount's goalie, Stephanie Brown, recorded eight saves on 10 shots, while East Wilkes' Anna Parks recorded nine saves in goal for the Lady Cardinals.
The win improves the Lady Rams overall record to 11-3 and their conference record to 8-2, while the loss drops the Lady Cardinals record to 5-9 overall and 4-6 in the conference.
Maggie Freed (15) and Christa Burchette (13) make a play for the ball last week in Boonville. https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_DSC_0315.jpg Maggie Freed (15) and Christa Burchette (13) make a play for the ball last week in Boonville. Kristian Russell | Yadkin Ripple
Nitesh Tiwari's directorial venture Dangal has crossed the 500 crore benchmark at the worldwide box office.
After grossing 378.65 crores (nett. 270.47 crores) at the domestic market, the film has also grossed 139.42 crores at the overseas box office.
Dangal now stands with a global total of 518.07 crores. It is currently the 5th highest worldwide grosser of all time.
This biographical sports drama will soon surpass the worldwide collections of Dhoom 3 (542 crores) to grab the 4th position in the list.
(Please rotate your screen for best viewing)
Washington: White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders has discarded the media reports on Secretary of State Rex Tillerson`s way out and maintained that President Donald Trump still has confidence in Tillerson.
"Nothing has changed despite what you may read in the media or watch on TV. I would certainly trust the president and my comments far above those of other reporters," Sanders said.
According to the Hill, Tillerson said that he has never considered leaving and Trump addressed the issue at a hospital in Las Vegas where he met the victims of the mass shooting, by saying that he has total confidence in Tillerson.
However, stories are still doing the rounds that Trump and Tillerson's relationship has been damaged beyond repair due to clashes over Iran and North Korea policy.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Justice Neil Gorsuch dived into the public side of his new job Monday, piping up early and often as he took his seat on the Supreme Court bench for the first time to hear arguments.
The new justice waited just 11 minutes before asking questions in the first of three cases the court heard Monday, its first session since President Donald Trump's pick was sworn in one week earlier.
The 49-year-old Gorsuch echoed his own confirmation hearing testimony with questions focused on the text of federal laws and rules at issue before the court. He employed a bit of humor, expressed a modicum of humility, showed a hint of irritation and even channeled Justice Antonin Scalia, the man he replaced, with a touch of sarcasm.
“Wouldn't it be a lot easier if we just followed the plain text of the statute?” Gorsuch asked during the first argument, a highly technical case about which court federal employees go to with some discrimination claims.
Advertisement
That question sounded a lot like the answer Gorsuch gave last month, when he was pressed to defend an opinion he wrote against a fired trucker. “Senator, all I can tell you is my job is to apply the law you write,” he said then.
While some of the other justices slouched, rocked back in their chairs or leaned their chin or forehead on their hands, Gorsuch sat straight in his high-backed chair, to the far left of Chief Justice John Roberts.
The justices sit by order of seniority, with the two longest-serving members of the court flanking the chief justice. The two newest justices sit on either end of the bench. The justices had removed one chair from the bench after Scalia died more than 14 months ago. Monday's session was the first since then with the ninth chair restored, and nine justices present.
Roberts issued the standard welcome for new justices, wishing Gorsuch “a long and happy career in our common calling.” Gorsuch thanked his new colleagues for their “warm welcome.”
He shared a laugh with his seatmate, Justice Sonia Sotomayor, before arguments began.
The first case was so dense that even the justices who can wax eloquent over a misplaced comma were beside themselves.
“Who wrote this statute? Somebody who takes pleasure out of pulling the wings off flies?” Justice Samuel Alito said to laughter.
Gorsuch drew a few laughs of his own in an exchange with lawyer Christopher Landau, who is representing a former federal worker.
“I think I am maybe emphatically agreeing with you and…,” Landau said.
Gorsuch cut in: “I hope so.”
But at another point, when Landau said his client wasn't asking the court to break new ground in its decision, Gorsuch launched a zinger reminiscent of Scalia.
“No, just to continue to make it up,” he said.
He also apologized to Landau for asking so many questions in a row. “I'm sorry for taking up so much time,” Gorsuch said.
In the second case, he repeatedly tried to elicit an answer from lawyer Shay Dvoretzky.
“If you'd just answer my question, I'd be grateful,” Gorsuch said, flashing frustration.
The cases are expected to be decided before the end of June.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A doctor who saw Prince in the days before he died had prescribed oxycodone under the name of Prince's friend to protect the musician's privacy, according to an affidavit unsealed Monday.
The document is one of several affidavits and search warrants unsealed in Carver County District Court as the yearlong investigation into Prince's death continues.
The documents don't say where Prince got the fentanyl that killed him, which was obtained illegally and not by prescription. But they do shed some light on Prince's struggle with addiction in the days before he died. Oxycodone was not listed as a cause of Prince's death.
Prince was 57 when he was found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at his Paisley Park home on April 21. Autopsy results showed he died from an accidental overdose of fentanyl, a synthetic drug 50 times more powerful than heroin.
According to the search warrants, authorities searched Paisley Park, cellphone records of Prince's associates, and Prince's email accounts to try to determine how he got the fentanyl.
A search of Prince's home yielded numerous pills in various containers. Some were in prescription bottles that were under the name Kirk Johnson, Prince's longtime friend and associate. Some pills in other bottles were marked as if they were a mix of acetaminophen and hydrocodone — but at least one of those tested positive for fentanyl, meaning it was counterfeit.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The documents suggest Prince was struggling with an addiction to prescription opioids. Just six days before he died, Prince fell ill on a plane and made an emergency stop in Illinois as he was returning home from a concert in Atlanta. First responders revived him with two doses of a drug that reverses the effects of an opioid overdose.
One affidavit says Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg, who saw Prince April 7, 2016, and again on April 20, admitted to authorities that he prescribed oxycodone for Prince the same day as the emergency plane landing "but put the prescription in Kirk Johnson's name for Prince's privacy."
Authorities also searched Johnson's cellphone records, to see who he was communicating with in the month before Prince died.
Messages left with attorneys for Schulenberg and Johnson weren't immediately returned Monday. Schulenberg has an active medical license and is currently practicing medicine in Minnesota. His attorney, Amy Conners, told the AP last week that there are no restrictions on his license.
Investigators haven't interviewed either Johnson or Schulenberg since the hours after Prince died, an official with knowledge of the investigation told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing.
While authorities have the power to ask a grand jury to investigate and issue subpoenas for testimony, that step hasn't been taken, the official said.
Prince did not have a cellphone, and authorities searched multiple email accounts that belonged to him, as they tried to determine who he was communicating with and where he got the drugs that killed him, according to the search warrants. The search warrants don't reveal the outcome of the email searches.
The documents say some of the drugs in Prince's bedroom were in a suitcase with the name "Peter Bravestrong" on it. Police believe Bravestrong was an alias that Prince used when he traveled. The suitcase also contained lyrics for the song "U Got the Look" that appeared to be in Prince's handwriting.
Investigators have said little about the case over the last year, other than it is active. The official who spoke to the AP said the case has taken investigators to Illinois and California, as authorities have interviewed friends, family and any potential witnesses, including the flight crew and hospital staff that were present when Prince overdosed on the plane.
Shaving your bikini line isn't hard. Shaving your bikini line without any irritation, razor burn, or post-shave bumps is near impossible. The hair-removal method is simple, cheap, and quick—which is why it's so popular—but it also presents the most annoying side effects.
Improving your technique can make the whole experience a lot less irritating, literally and figuratively. That's what we learned after following the tips of these skincare pros, below. Read on for our comprehensive no-razor-burn guide to shaving your bikini line.
Exfoliate
Before you apply any type of shaving lotion or cream, you need to prep that delicate skin. Master esthetician Amy McLain says this will remove dead skin cells, allowing you to get a closer shave. "I recommend my clients use HydroPeptide 5X Power Peel before shaving," she says. "They are actually designed for acneic skin, but are wonderful for clients' bikini lines. They contain gentle acids—glycolic, salicylic, and lactic—which exfoliate the skin, as well as prevent over drying. They are also individually packaged in a towelette, which make them super easy to use or travel with." If you're sensitive, you should do this the day before you shave.
RELATED: Why I Stopped Shaving My Bikini Line
Moisturize
Just like you moisturize your arms and legs every day, you should keep this spot hydrated. "Be sure to moisturize the area liberally in the days before any type of hair removal," Nandi Wagner, the lead esthetician at Bliss Spa in New York City, says. "When the hair is well-moisturized, it is easier to remove and the skin is less likely to become irritated."
Picking gentle moisturizers or those free of fragrance will help avoid irritation even more. There are also products—like Bliss Your Situation Oil—that actually soften the hair follicle before you shave.
Change Your Razor
Yes, that five-blade razor is actually worth it. "The razor should be sharp and preferably more than one blade, that makes the chances of getting a smooth shave with the least amount of passes betters," Dr. Purvisha Patel, a Memphis-based dermatologist and founder of Visha Skincare, says. You should also make sure it's a clean razor free of rust or mildew (those need to be tossed immediately). If the blade tugs at your skin instead of gliding smoothly over the surface, it's a sign it needs to be replaced. We love the Venus Swirl Razor ($9; target.com) because it features a flexiball head that helps the blades maneuver hard-to-reach areas.
RELATED: The Secret to Shaving Your Knees Without Missing a Spot
Use Shaving Cream
Never dry shave if you don't want bumps or burn. Wagner suggests using an emollient cream, gel, or conditioner when shaving. It should create a surface that your razor can gently glide over. The best time to apply and shave, she says, is towards the end of the shower when your skin is the softest.
We love using Skintimate Women's Moisturizing Shave Gel Sensitive Skin ($3; walmart.com). When picking products, Dr. Patel says to avoid anything edible, like coconuts or butters. "If we can eat a product, bacteria and fungus can to. This could increase the chance of making shave bumps," she explains.
You can also always use a facial cleanser or a conditioner if you're out of traditional shaving cream—just be sure to check the ingredients first.
Shave with the Grain
"When shaving the bikini area, it is ideal to shave in the direction of hair growth—AKA with the grain—to prevent ingrown hairs and irritation," notes Wagner. "Shaving against the grain can pull the hair follicles, which can lead to irritation as well as increase the likelihood of nicks and cuts."
Moisturize and Soothe
After you shave, Dr. Patel says to dry the area well and apply a soothing moisturizer with ingredients like aloe or tea tree oil. You should also regularly exfoliate to prevent any clogged pores. You can use pads, like Completely Bare Bikini Bump Blaster and Bump Attendant Ingrown Eliminating Pads, that are made with gentle acids to keep skin soft and smooth. All you have to do is cleanse, wipe the pad over the skin, and you're set.
With an aim to empower women in the rural areas, a number two telecom player Vodafone has introduced a new voucher 'Vodafone Sakhi' in which women can make private recharge through an OTP code without mobile number sharing.
Vodafone Sakhi is currently available in select areas of Dehradun, Saharanpur & Firozabad in UP West and Uttarakhand starting at Rs. 52 only.
This OTP can also be used for all recharges done over a 24 hour period. An emergency calling feature enables seamless connectivity with 10 minutes of calling even with zero balance in their phone. A bonus feature is free health and beauty tips pack for the first 90 days.
SEE ALSO:TRAI directs Quadrant Tele to continue its services in Punjab till the license is operational
The 30 days packs are available at Rs. 52, Rs. 78 and Rs. 99 which will offering 50 MB of 2G/3G data.
The Vodafone Connected Women Report 2014 states that around the world, an estimated 300 million fewer women than men own a mobile phone. This gender gap is the largest in the emerging economies and prevents many women benefiting from mobile services. Added to this are the privacy issues for rural women and hesitancy to share mobile numbers at recharge outlets.
"With a view to address these concerns of women from rural India, to bring them into the forefront of the Digital revolution and empower them to stay connected with their near and dear ones, Vodafone India has introduced Vodafone Sakhi, a unique proposition empowering women in the rural areas of UP-West and Uttarakhand," Vodafone said.
While announcing this initiative, Dilip Kumar Ganta, Business Head UP-West and Uttarakhand, Vodafone India said, "Our studies show that women in rural areas face socio-economic challenges in accessing mobile services. They tend to follow a shared phone concept, as they are hesitant to share mobile number due to security concerns. They rely almost entirely on incoming calls and depend on their families for recharges."
"Vodafone Sakhi have been designed especially to bridge the telecom needs of women in rural areas and address their barriers to access mobile services at will. We are very proud to introduce Vodafone Sakhi, a unique product aimed at empowering women across UP-West. We want the women to use mobile as tool to empower themselves and optimize their efficacy," he added.
Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NANTICOKE, Pa. -- A mother and grandmother are locked up in Luzerne County, accused of neglecting a 2-year-old child.
Nanticoke police say the boy's mother, Tatiana Moore, 20, and grandmother, Trisella Hubbard, 42, are facing charges of child endangerment after the child was found alone on a busy street twice in two months.
Moore and Hubbard are accused of neglecting the 2-year-old child in their care.
Police say the child got out of their house at 200 West Main Street in Nanticoke twice in two months.
Police say Moore is the child's mother. Hubbard is the grandmother.
Neighbors say they haven't lived there long.
“It seemed like about a year or so, I think, the people in that front house because for a while there wasn't anybody there,” said neighbor Ed Greenleaf.
According to Nanticoke police, a passerby called police on April 17 after finding the 2-year-old boy alone, wearing a diaper, on the curb of West Main Street and Slope Street around 1:30 in the afternoon.
Police say that intersection is busy that time of day.
“Quite busy, yeah. I mean there's traffic flying up and down this road all the time,” said Joseph Daniel. “My kid, my daughter's 12, and I don't even like her going out.”
“It's always got traffic going back and forth,” said Greenleaf. “Yeah, the child could have been hit and killed or something or hurt badly.”
Luzerne County Children and Youth spoke with the women. They said they didn't realize the child had gotten out of the house. It was arranged that the grandmother would be responsible for the child.
Then on May 16, police were called again just before 11 a.m. when a driver saw the child in the middle of the road, telling officers she almost hit the boy. She told police the child was only wearing a diaper, and it was raining.
Court papers show that police were called back to the house later that day on May 16 for a report that the 2-year-old was hanging out of a second-floor window.
Police say when they arrived around 2:45 p.m., they found Children and Youth workers at the home.
Children and Youth took the child, and the women were charged with child endangerment.
Moore and Hubbard are locked up at the Luzerne County jail on $75,000 bail.
Solomon Islands has launched its first poverty map.
It has found nearly 13% of the population is poor.
Most of the poor live rurally.
It's the first time officials have been able to measure poverty in the Islands at a village level.
As a result, the survey found that the poor number 78,500.
That compares with a total population of more than 600 thousand.
The Solomon's National Statistics Office drew the map with help from Australia.
The map's basis is 2012/13 Solomon's household income and expenditure survey.
It includes data from the 2009 Solomon Islands census.
The 2012 data includes comprehensive questions on household consumption and expenditure.
The finance and treasury minister Manasseh Sogavare says it's a challenge to bring development to rural areas.
Elections
The country faces national elections in 2019.
In addition to the current government's actions, Sogavare says the findings will guide future leaders in reducing village poverty.
Furthermore, the Solomon's government statistician says the poverty maps are simple to read, and show the spread of high and low poverty through the provinces.
Sources:
Image credit: Solomon Star
News category: Asia Pacific.
With weeks until flu season begins in earnest, health officials are already warning that it could be a tough one.
That could cause further problems for Ottawa's already overcrowded hospitals.
Public health officials have been watching flu activity in the southern hemisphere with concern. Australia has had its worst flu season in recent memory with at least 166,000 cases and more than 370 deaths, compared to 91,000 cases the year before.
That is often — although not always — a good indication of what the flu will be like in the northern hemisphere during the upcoming season.
“What is of concern is the heavy activity reported out of Australia,” said Dr. Michelle Murti, a public health physician at Public Health Ontario. “It is always hard to predict what exactly we are going to see, but we look to Australia and the Southern Hemisphere to sometimes give us an indication.”
In the past few years, she said, Ontario has tended to flip between two strains of flu — H1N1 and H3N2. Last year H3N2 dominated in Canada, which suggests it might not this year — which could be good news. Australia's bad flu season has been dominated by the H3N2 strain. It has also seen both A and B strains of the flu at the same time. Typically in Canada, B strains come later in the season.
Early surveillance from the Public Health Agency of Canada points to H3N2 as the dominant strain so far and, even in late September during what is considered an “interseasonal” period, shows higher numbers than usual. Flu seasons in which H3N2 is dominant are typically more severe, Murti said.
“We don't know the kind of season we are going to have, but it is always important to be prepared,” she said.
Public health officials are not the only ones watching the upcoming flu season with concern. Even a standard viral season puts extra strain on hospitals. A severe flu season could result in serious issues for hospitals in Ottawa, which are already chronically overcrowded. That means they have less room to manoeuvre when viruses put extra strain on emergency departments.
As of Thursday, the Civic campus was at 111 per cent capacity, with 23 patients waiting in the emergency department for beds on a nursing unit. Overall, the hospital was at 109 per cent capacity, with a total of 42 patients waiting in emergency departments at both main campuses to get beds in nursing units.
Queensway Carleton Hospital has also remained overcapacity throughout the summer — traditionally a time when numbers go down.
Spokesperson Ann Fuller said capacity at Queensway Carleton has been fluctuating between 114 and 124 per cent between May and September “which is typically much quieter.” During that time, hospital capacity never fell below 100. It was forced to cancel 30 elective surgeries since April to cope with the overcrowding.
“This certainly creates concern for the upcoming flu season,” she said.
The hospital is investigating using “unconventional” space that could be used to increase its capacity as needed during viral season.
Meanwhile, public health officials are encouraging people to get the flu shot, wash their hands frequently and stay home if they are sick.
In Ottawa, there were just over 500 cases of flu confirmed during the 2015-16 season and 922 the year before.
Murti said those who are the highest risk of complications from the flu — the elderly and those with chronic respiratory illnesses, especially — might want to talk to their physician in advance about getting access to antiviral treatment if they do get the flu, to lessen the symptoms.
Last year's flu shot was less effective than usual — about 30-40 per cent effective, according to Murti, compared to about 40-60 per cent effective in a typical year.
Its coverage is not as high as vaccines for diseases such as measles, she noted, “but it is the best tool we have and still the most recommended thing to do.”
In addition to standard vaccines, which protect against two strains of A influenza and one strain of B, there is a quadrivalent vaccine, that protects against two A strains and two B strains, available for children between six months and 17. Children's flu vaccines are also available by flu mist, both are recommended by public health officials. The mist is recommended for children from two to 17.
Flu shots are available at pharmacies, through public health clinics and at doctors offices, beginning later this month.
Ottawa Public Health is in the process of distributing vaccine to long-term care centres, hospitals and doctors offices for high-risk patients. More than 200 Ottawa pharmacies will start receiving vaccine shipments in the next two weeks.
epayne@postmedia.com
LONDON, April 12 Britain's Daily Mail agreed on Wednesday to pay Melania Trump an undisclosed sum and issue an apology after the newsgroup published an article about her previous professional work as a model.
She had filed a $150 million (120 million pound) lawsuit against the Daily Mail's owner in New York claiming the article had cost her millions of dollars in potential business.
On Wednesday, the Daily Mail apologised for the article and said it would issue a retraction.
"We have agreed to pay her damages and costs," it said.
A person familiar with the situation said the settlement was worth less than $3 million, including legal costs and damages. (Reporting by Costas Pitas and Michael Holden; editing by Stephen Addison)
1:53 The Pastor at Babe's Chicken Dinner House Pause
0:52 Remains found in shallow grave identified as missing college student Zuzu Verk
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
2:21 Pickup crashed through store wall
3:30 Victim of romance scam tells her story
2:18 Bucking horse dies after running into wall at Fort Worth rodeo
0:48 Arlington jewelry store hit by robbers
4:34 Woman and daughter arrested after reporting assault in southwest Fort Worth
3:06 From jail Joshua Henry talks about his arrest in the murder of Nicole Blahitka
Good afternoon and welcome to The Point!
Daily Point
Could Singh have saved the Islanders?
Testimony in the federal corruption trial of former Nassau County Executive Edward Mangano, his wife, Linda, and former Oyster Bay Town Supervisor John Venditto showed how hard Mangano tried to keep the New York Islanders in the county.
In July 2012, Mangano turned to restaurant owner Harendra Singh, who arranged a meeting among Mangano, Hempstead Councilman Edward Ambrosino, and Barry Edelstein of Structured Growth Capital, according to testimony Monday in the trial.
The goal? To determine whether the county could get financing for the Coliseum, possibly guaranteed by revenue from the Coliseum's naming rights.
But a lot more was going on in Mangano's effort. That same month, Mangano released a request for qualifications, seeking a developer to remake the Coliseum and build on the 77 acres around it. The request sought a renovated or new arena, a convention space, biotech park, retail and housing. The winning developer, the request said, would “immediately begin negotiations” with the Islanders to attempt to retain the team.
The RFQ came after a referendum to build a new Coliseum with public funds failed in August 2011, and Mangano spent much of the following 12 months intensely focused on plans to get the team to stay, plans that included, apparently, his meetings with Edelstein.
By the end of July, several developers had submitted plans for the request for qualifications, including the eventual winner, Plainview developer Donald Monti. At the time, Monti said he was committed to finding a way to keep the Islanders in Uniondale.
But, according to Edelstein, the key question of private financing “kind of just fizzled out” after a couple of meetings. After that, Mangano had almost no other options. Less than four months later, Islanders owner Charles Wang held a news conference in Brooklyn, announcing plans to move the team to the Barclays Center. Monti's RFQ proposal never went anywhere, and by 2013, a new request for proposals was issued — one that developer Bruce Ratner and his team eventually won.
Relying on Singh to be the dealmaker to keep the Islanders didn't break any laws, but if it did, Mangano would have good grounds to assert an insanity defense.
Randi F. Marshall
April 3 Sfinks Polska SA:
* Said on Friday that under new strategy for 2017-2022 it aims to increase P/E indicator to the level of market leaders in HORECA segment and to pay dividend
* Plans to reach the above goal by organic growth and acquisitions
* Aims to manage networks with the total number of restaurants no lower than 400 premises
* The company intends to develop Chlopskie Jadlo, WOOK and Fabryka Pizzy brands as well as design and implement new brands in fast casual dining (Middle East cuisine) and QSR (Polish cuisine)
* Sfinka Polska is planning to expand its network both in its own and franchised restaurant model, with the assumed share of franchise restaurants at 70-90 pct depending on network kind
* Under 2017-2022 strategy the company is to implement a master franchise concept and launch a chain of restaurants in at least 3 countries
* Sfinks Polska wants to achieve an average ROI of 25 pct, the financial debt/EBITDA ratio at the level 3.5 of consolidated results and maintain EBITDA/revenue at level of 15 pct
* Plans to finance new strategy from funds from franchising and leverage
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
Both the Times and CNN, which has published its own story about the intercepted communications, cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
Michael Flynn, whose tenure as national security adviser lasted less than four weeks, was among the Trump insiders who were regularly in touch with Russians, according to CNN.
Flynn resigned late Monday after reports alleged that he had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with that country's ambassador — and then misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations. The chain of events emerging today suggests that those contacts in late December are separate from the calls cited by officials who discussed contacts between Trump campaign aides and Russian nationals during the heat of last year's election season.
President Trump called the new reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday.
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. He then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
In Washington, government leaks have fueled a succession of unflattering stories about the new administration, from details about President Trump's phone calls with foreign leaders to rumored rivalries among senior White House Staff.
Faced with a new leak Wednesday, Trump tweeted, "The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by 'intelligence' like candy. Very un-American!"
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate himself last July, when he urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
That work, he said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of his contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairman last August amid reports of his attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed himself as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said he had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
YOUNG Elsi and Vespa are preparing to spend a lifetime lending a helping paw to Australians living with disability.
The Guide Dogs SA/NT pooches are currently in various stages of training, with Vespa on the road to becoming an autism assistance dog.
Although they are unlikely to ever ask for anything in return for their work, the dedication of guide dogs across the world will be recognised at International Guide Dog Day celebrations this week.
While the annual event technically falls today, Guide Dogs SA/NT will hold a “Paws Parade” through the city on Friday.
The parade, featuring 200 clients, volunteers, supporters, staff and dogs, will start from Guide Dogs SA's Morphett St office at 9.30am.
It will travel down King William St to Government House, where awards will be presented to graduating and retiring guide dogs, autism assistance dogs and therapy dogs.
Guide Dogs SA/NT chief executive officer Aaron Chia said it was “an opportunity to honour and express our gratitude to the dogs who change the lives of people living with disability”.
The Royal Society for the Blind will also mark International Guide Dog Day with puppies at Rundle Mall.
New Delhi: After coming to know of Supreme Court's hard decision of dismissing him, BCCI president Anurag Thakur says he respects the decision and hopes Indian cricket continues to do well.
In a video posted on his official Twitter account, Thakur said, "I had the honor of serving Indian cricket. Over the years, Indian cricket saw its very best in terms of administration and development of the game. BCCI is the best managed sports organisation in the country. India has the best cricket infrastructure built and maintained by State Associations with the help of BCCI."
"India has more quality players than anywhere else in the world. For me, it wasn't a personal battle but a battle for the autonomy of the sports body. I respect Supreme Court as any citizen should. If SC thinks Indian cricket would do well under retired judges, I wish them all the best. I am sure Indian cricket will do well under their guidance. My commitment to the best of Indian cricket and autonomy of sports will always remain." concluded Thakur.
My statement on the Supreme Court @BCCI verdict. pic.twitter.com/cXvEx6eIU4 — Anurag Thakur (@ianuragthakur) January 2, 2017
My statement on the Supreme Court @BCCI verdict today. pic.twitter.com/4zZf44hTgf — Anurag Thakur (@ianuragthakur) January 2, 2017
Sacked BCCI secretary Ajay Shirke also voiced his take on the decision, saying he is "absolutely fine" with the Supreme Court order asking him to leave office but hoped that the Board does not lose its international standing owing to the administrative upheaval here.
"I have no reaction to that (to his sacking). If that is the Supreme Court order, I cease to be secretary. It cannot get any simpler than that. My role in BCCI is over," said Shirke shortly after Supreme Court removed him and president Anurag Thakur as the office-bearers of the BCCI.
The two faced the wrath of the Supreme Court after BCCI failed to implement the Lodha panel reforms under their leadership.
When asked whether the situation could have been avoided had the Board implemented the sweeping reforms earlier, Shirke said there was no question of handling the issue differently.
"At the end of the day, the BCCI comprises of members. It is not about me or the president. It is about the members.
"I have no reason to go into history. History can be judged by people differently. I have no personal attachment to the post. In the past also I have resigned and I have lots of other things to do. I came back to the Board as there was a vacancy and I was elected unopposed. Now it has come to this (the Supreme Court). I am completely fine with it and I have no regrets," said Shirke from the UK.
The apex court had also decided to initiate contempt proceedings against Thakur by seeking his response as to why he should not be held liable for obstructing the implementation of the court's directions aimed at reforming the BCCI.
A bench headed by Chief Justice T S Thakur said the working of BCCI will be looked after by a committee of administrators and requested senior advocate Fali S Nariman and senior advocate Gopal Subramanian, who was assisting in the matter as amicus curiae, to assist the court in nominating persons of impeccable integrity for the panel.
Shrike hoped the Board does not lose its powerful position on the global stage.
"I hope the new dispensation continues the good work done by the BCCI. Hope the Board doesn't lose more face globally. I also hope the Indian team is able to maintain its supremacy in all three formats of the game," Shirke added.
(READ: Anurag Thakur, Ajay Shirke shown exit door – Top 10 developments from Supreme Court's verdict)
Justice R M Lodha, who headed the three-member panel formed by Supreme Court to make structural reforms in the BCCI, said it was only a matter of time for the reforms to be implemented.
"This is logical consequence because once the reforms were accepted by the Supremer Court, they had to be implemented. There were obstructions and obviously this had to happen and it has happened," said Lodha.
"One should understand that once the order of the Supreme Court has come, it has to be obeyed. It is law of the land. It is victory for cricket. The game will flourish. Administrators come and go but the game goes on," Lodha added.
The Supreme Court bench, also comprising Justices A M Khanwilkar and D Y Chandrachud, said that Nariman and Subramanian will complete the task in two weeks and the matter for passing the direction for nominating the persons in committee of administrators will be taken up on January 19.
Meanwhile, the cricketing fraternity led by former India spinner Bishan Bedi hailed the apex court's verdict.
"This is a landmark judgement. It is good for Indian cricket and it will be back on track. There is light now and we are thankful to the Supreme Court. I don't have to get into debate. This is full and final. This is going to be great news for Indian sports and cricket in particular. If you are watching IOA, it is in shambles. That will be clarified too," said Bedi.
The Lodha committee recommendation on one state one vote was also opposed by the BCCI, especially its affiliate Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA).
76-year-old Pawar, who resigned as MCA president last month to adhere to age cap of 70 years recommended by the Lodha, was left disappointed after the Supreme Court order today.
Implementing one-state one-vote would mean Mumbai, Maharashtra and Vidarbha will have to right to vote on rotational basis.
"It is the saddest day for Mumbai cricket. Mumbai cricket has produced so many international stars and done so much for Indian cricket (including record 41 time Ranji champions). The decision to keep Mumbai away from voting is painful," said Pawar.
Veteran administrator Niranjan Shah, who is secretary of Saurashtra Cricket Association, said there was no option other than implementing the Lodha reforms.
"Whatever Supreme Court says is final. We will have to abide by that," said Shah.
Tamil Nadu Cricket Association secretary Kasi Viswanathan too concurred with his Saurashtra counterpart, saying the body will adopt Lodha recommendations.
"We will have to go by what the Supreme Court has ordered. Anything else will be contempt of court. It has to be followed. We will soon call for a Special General Meeting to chart the road ahead," Viswanathan told PTI.
Brijesh Patel, secretary of the Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA), said they were awaiting a copy of the Supreme Court order.
"I can't say anything until I read the order. Only after going through the order we can discuss the road ahead," Patel told PTI when asked whether KSCA would implement the Lodha reforms.
(With PTI inputs)
Legendary designer Hervé L. Leroux has died at age 60. The Féderation de la Haute Couture et de la Mode released a statement confirming the news on Friday, according to The Cut.
Leroux—born Hervé Léger—got his start in fashion began at brands like Fendi and Chanel, before he started his own label Hervé Léger in 1985 and moving on to become celebrated for his bandage dresses, which were especially popular with celebrities in the '90s and early 2000s. He lost commercial use of his birth name in 1999 when BCBG Max Azria acquired his Hervé Léger brand.
Following the news of his passing, celebrities like Dita Von Teese took to social media to honor the late designer. “Very sad we are forced to say farewell to the genius @hervelegerleroux,” she wrote alongside a photo gallery of the designer and her in his pieces. “He made the most exquisite dresses that showcased a woman's beauty, rather than distracting from it. I'll always treasure my afternoons in his atelier just next to @maisonladuree, trying on dress after dress, really just for the fun of it.”
RELATED: Celebrities Pay Tribute to Rock Legend Tom Petty
“We would have the best time, I honestly could have only ever worn his dresses. @hervelegerleroux IS Herve Léger (he had to change his name and start over) and he is the inventor and only true master of the iconic bandage dress,” she continued. “Thank you, Dear Hervé, for all of it. Rest in glamour, you'll never be forgotten.”
Pat Cleveland and Cameron Silver also paid their respects on social media.
RIP talented & kind #HerveLeroux who's bandage dress defined a decade & continued timeless… https://t.co/myCjgnqqkh — Cameron Silver (@CameronDecades) October 6, 2017
My wonderful talented joyful lovely friend Designer Herve Leger has just passed away we have had soo many funny stories together wearing lobster hats and crazy adventures in the desert of Egypt....I will miss his voice and smiles. Rest In Peace my friend😪 A post shared by Pat Cleveland (@patcleveland) on Oct 5, 2017 at 7:35pm PDT
RELATED VIDEO: Rock Musician Tom Petty Dies at 66
Our thoughts are with Leroux's family and friends.
CLEVELAND — LeBron James will sit out Friday's exhibition game against the Indiana Pacers as he recovers from a sprained left ankle.
James got hurt on Sept. 27 when he stepped on a teammate's foot in practice. He took part in Cleveland's workout on Thursday and the club wanted to see how he responded before deciding if he would try to go against the Pacers. He's going to sit again as a precaution, the team said.
The three-time champion also missed Wednesday's preseason opener against Atlanta. Cleveland next plays on Tuesday against Chicago.
James and his teammates attended Thursday night's AL Division Series matchup between the Indians and New York Yankees.
A Sydney children's author is in a legal battle with fashion giant Zara over the name of a character in her books
The chief prosecutor of Iran says 29 women detained over hijab protests were possibly incited or even funded by people from outside the Islamic republic.
Chief Prosecutor of Iran Mohammad Jafar Montazeri called the protests by 29 women in Tehran against public morality norms "childish" and "emotionally charged" and underscored that the protesting women were most likely incited by foreigners.
Wearing headscarves, or hijab, in public is mandatory for women in the Islamic Republic of Iran. The women who took theirs off in protest have been accused of public order offences and referred to the state prosecutor's office. According to Al-Araby, women showing their hair in public can be jailed for up to two months or fined $25.
Montazeri's statement is not without ground, as in May 2017, Masih Alinejad, a US-based journalist and activist, started a campaign dubbed "White Wednesdays," encouraging women to wear white headscarves or take them off in public entirely in protest against civic norms.
According to the Guardian, Iranian officials accused Alinejad, who works for the US government-funded media organ Voice of America, of receiving money from foreign governments to fund her campaign.
The protests, during which women climbed on top of telecom boxes in the middle of the street, waving their doffed scarves tied to the ends of sticks, mirror a similar event that happened in December 2017, when a 31-year-old woman, identified as Vida Movahed, reportedly inspired by Alinejad's White Wednesdays' campaign, took off her hijab and tied it to a stick in the middle of the street in Tehran.
Vida Movahed waving her hijab in protest against the compulsory hijab rule.
Revolution Avenue, Tehran, Iran pic.twitter.com/xoxyZOnlTv — Aniket Alam (@aniketalam) 31 января 2018 г.
​According to the Times of Israel, Tehran police detained Movahed and she reportedly refrained from further protests after spending a month in jail.
The United States condemned the reported arrests in a press release Friday.
"We condemn the reported arrests of at least 29 individuals for exercising their human rights and fundamental freedoms by standing up against the compulsory hijab," State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said.
ANKARA - Turkey's main opposition party urged the country's electoral board Monday to cancel the results of a landmark referendum that granted sweeping new powers to the nation's president, citing what it called substantial voting irregularities.
Bulent Tezcan, deputy chairman of the Republican People's Party, or CHP, cited numerous problems in Sunday's vote, which gave a narrow victory to President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's long-time plans to greatly expand the powers of his office.
Turkey's electoral board confirmed the "yes" victory in the referendum and said the final results would be declared in 11-12 days. The state-run Anadolu Agency said the "yes" side stood at 51.4 percent of the vote, while the "no" vote saw 48.6 percent support.
An unprecedented electoral board decision to accept as valid ballots that didn't bear the official stamp has led to outrage among opposition parties. The board made the announcement after many voters complained about being given ballot papers without the official stamp. The board said the ballot papers would be considered invalid only if it was proven they were fraudulently cast.
"There is only one way to end the discussions about the vote's legitimacy and to put the people at ease, and that is for the Supreme Electoral Board to cancel the vote," Tezcan said.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan waves to supporters during the last rally ahead of Sunday's referendum in Istanbul on Saturday, April 15, 2017. Photo Credit: AP Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan waves to supporters during the last rally ahead of Sunday's referendum in Istanbul on Saturday, April 15, 2017. Photo Credit: AP
He said it was not possible for authorities to determine how many ballot papers may have been irregularly cast.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Electoral board head Sadi Guven rejected opposition claims of foul play, saying none of the ballot papers that were declared valid was "fake" or fraudulently cast. Guven said the decision was taken so voters who were by mistake given unstamped ballot papers would not be "victimized."
"The ballot papers are not fake, there is no (reason) for doubt," Guven said.
Earlier Tezcan said any decision that changes Turkey's political system to such a vast extent should have been passed with an overwhelming endorsement.
"This is not a text of social consensus but one of social division," Tezcan said. "There is a serious and solid problem of legitimacy that will forever be debated."
The margin reported Sunday fell short of the sweeping victory the 63-year-old Erdoğan had sought in the referendum. Nevertheless, it could cement his hold on power in Turkey for a decade and is expected to have a huge effect on the country's long-term political future and its international relations.
"I suspect the result was narrower than what Erdoğan expected," said Howard Eissenstat, associate professor of Middle East History at St. Lawrence University in Canton, New York. "Erdoğan has ruled with a narrow victory before. He does not see a narrow victory as anything less than a mandate. His tendency has been to not co-opt the opposition but to crush it."
The referendum approves 18 constitutional amendments that will replace Turkey's parliamentary system of governance with a presidential one.
The new presidential system takes effect at the next election, currently slated for 2019. Other changes will take effect sooner, including an amendment that scraps a clause that required the president to be impartial, allowing Erdoğan to regain membership of the ruling party he founded — or even to lead it.
Opponents had argued the constitutional changes give too much power to a man who they say has shown increasingly autocratic tendencies.
The referendum campaign was highly divisive and heavily one-sided, with the "yes" side dominating the airwaves and billboards. Supporters of the "no" vote complained of intimidation, including beatings, detentions and threats.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
CHP legislator Utku Cakirozer told The Associated Press his party would file official objections Monday to results at local electoral board branches, before taking their case to the Supreme Electoral Board.
"At the moment, this is a dubious vote," he said.
The country's pro-Kurdish party said it may take the case to the European Court of Human Rights if the electoral board does not reverse its decision and nullify the ballots lacking the official stamps.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, whose monitors observed Sunday's vote, were to announce their findings later Monday on how the ballot was carried out.
In Istanbul, hundreds of demonstrators opposed to the amendments marched in a central neighborhood late Sunday, clanging pots and pans.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Ismail Calisan, an Ankara resident, accepted the result with grace.
"Even though I choose "no" and the results came out "yes," I wish the best to our country," he said.
In Istanbul, accountant Mete Cetinkaya was worried about his country's future.
"I don't see the country is going down a good path," he said, sitting by the Bosporus. "Tayyip Erdoğan may have done more good than the other big players (of Turkish politics) ... but I think of Tayyip Erdoğan as just the best of the worst."
Many pro-government newspapers praised the results. The Sabah newspaper's headline read: "A popular revolution."
The Sozcu newspaper, one of a few newspapers critical of Erdoğan's government, referred to the alleged irregularities and asked in its headline: "Is your conscience at ease?"
An 18-year-old was charged with felony drunken driving after he crashed his car into a tree in Holtsville and fled, leaving a 14-year-old passenger unconscious in the front seat, Suffolk County police said.
Nicholas Criesi, of Woodycrest Drive in Holtsville, was arrested less than an hour after he crashed his 2010 Honda Civic about 9:05 p.m. Sunday on the north service road of the Long Island Expressway, police said.
Both occupants of the car were taken to Stony Brook University Hospital, police said. The passenger had serious injuries, but they were not life-threatening, and Criesi had minor injuries, police said.
Criesi was awaiting arraignment in First District Court in Central Islip on charges of aggravated driving while intoxicated, endangering the welfare of a minor, leaving the scene of an accident with serious injuries and aggravated unlicensed operation of a vehicle, police said.
He was charged with DWI under Leandra's Law, which makes it felony to drive drunk with a passenger under 16 in the vehicle, police said.
COLUMBIA, Mo. (AP) — Sophie Cunningham had a career-high seven 3-pointers and a season-high 35 points and No. 17 Missouri rolled to a 78-48 win over Southern Illinois-Edwardsville on Sunday for the Tigers' ninth-straight win.
Cunningham was 11-of-16 shooting with all five of her misses coming behind the arc to reach 30 points for the fifth time in her career.
Cunningham had 11 in the first quarter as the Tigers (9-1) opened a 19-9 lead and 18 at the break when the lead was 37-28.
Missouri made 10 of 14 shots, including 6 of 8 behind the arc, to break the game open, outscoring the Cougars (3-5) 28-14. Cunningham had three 3s to help the Tigers to a season-high 15 on 31 attempts. Jordan Chavis, Jordan Roundtree and Cunningham scored from distance to cap a 13-0 run that made it 59-34.
Gwen Adams led the Cougars, who shot 26 percent (16 of 62), with 12 points.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Here is Vince Cable's message for Hannukkah.
As we usher in the long, dark nights of winter, so begins the Jewish festival of lights. Hanukkah is a celebration of one of the greatest miracles in the Jewish history and for more than two millennia, Jews everywhere have celebrated the wonder of the lamp that miraculously burned for 8 days.
The story of Hanukkah is a story of faith and hope even in the most difficult of circumstances. It is also a reminder of the strength and resilience of the Jewish community; a strength we continue to see, even today, in the continued fight against anti-Semitism, hate and discrimination.
Wishing you and your loved ones a joyous and peaceful Hanukkah. Chanukah Sameach!
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RALPHO TOWNSHIP, Pa. -- A police officer in Northumberland County is charged with driving under the influence.
According to court papers, Shamokin Police Officer Scott Weaver was driving on Route 54 near Lindy Acres Road in Ralpho Township last month when he missed a turn in the road and crashed. Police on scene say Weaver admitted to drinking and driving.
Court papers indicate at the time of the crash, Weaver's blood-alcohol level was .119 percent, which was over the legal limit.
Weaver was charged with two misdemeanors of driving under the influence. He was not on duty at the time but is on duty this week.
Shamokin Mayor John Brown says Weaver is entitled to due process, but the city's labor attorney is looking into the situation.
"Innocent until proven guilty. Let his peers make that decision whether he has his job or not," the mayor said.
Scott Weaver is scheduled for a court appearance next month.
TORONTO - Home Capital Group (TSX:HCG) says it has reached an agreement to pay $29.5 million to settle Ontario Securities Commission and class-action lawsuit matters related to allegations of misleading disclosure.
The embattled alternative mortgage lender will pay $10 million to settle with the OSC and reimburse the provincial securities watchdog costs of $500,000.
Under terms of the proposed deal, Home Capital founder Gerald Soloway will pay an administrative penalty of $1 million and will be barred from acting as a director or officer of a public company for four years.
Former CFO Robert Morton and former CEO Martin Reid will each pay an administrative penalty of $500,000, and will be prohibited from acting as a director or officer of a public company for two years.
About $11 million of the payments being made to the OSC will go toward the $29.5-million, class-action settlement.
The settlements are subject to approval and each settlement is conditional upon the approval of the other.
Concerns about Canada's real estate sector have intensified after the OSC announced in April it was conducting an investigation into Home Capital, alleging it misled investors through falsified loan applications.
A 12-year-old girl faces two felony counts in connection with a shooting at a middle school that left four students and an adult injured, the Los Angeles County District Attorney's office said Friday.
Warrants will be issued for being a minor in possession of a firearm and bringing a weapon on school grounds, the DA's office said in a statement. She is expected to be arraigned Monday.
The girl, being held in Los Angeles County Central Juvenile Hall, was also booked for negligent discharge of a firearm, authorities said. The incident involved a semiautomatic weapon, which was confiscated, Los Angeles Police Lt. Chris Ramirez said.
Police earlier said the Thursday shooting was “unintentional.” Police didn't say what led to the shooting, which unfolded at the Sal Castro Middle School in the city's Westlake district.
While “negligent” use can cover a variety of activities, it most likely refers to “mishandling” in this case, Ramirez said.
“This continues to be an active investigation,” according to an LAPD statement. “However, at this time, the information suggest that this was an isolated incident, involving the negligent discharge of a firearm, where innocent children and a staff member were unfortunately injured.”
The girl was taken into custody without incident after she and witnesses were interviewed, officials said.
California state law says information about juvenile court proceedings must be confidential except when juveniles are accused of specific serious or violent felonies, the DA's office said Friday.
Victims are expected to recover
The shooting was reported to police Thursday at 8:55 a.m. It happened in an elective class with students from different grades, LA School Police Chief Steven Zipperman said.
The victims include a 15-year-old boy who was shot in the head but is expected to recover, said officials at Los Angeles County + USC Medical Center. He was shot in the temple and was “extremely lucky” that the bullet missed vital structures, said Dr. Aaron Strumwasser, a trauma surgeon. The student remains in intensive care.
A 15-year-old girl who was shot in the wrist also was hospitalized.
Two other students, ages 11 and 12, suffered graze wounds and were treated and released, Strumwasser said. A 30-year-old woman suffered a minor injury in the chaos after the shooting, officials said.
After the campus was declared safe Thursday, the school day continued, and students could talk to counselors about the shooting, said Vivian Ekchian, interim superintendent of the Los Angeles Unified School District. The school was to hold classes Friday.
Girl ‘didn't mean to' shoot
A student who was in the class when shots rang out said he thought the gunfire was an accident, CNN affiliate KABC reported. The girl holding the firearm “didn't mean to” shoot the 15-year-old girl, he said, according to the station.
“They thought it was a toy gun, but then it shot,” KABC reported, quoting Benjamin Urbina.
Few details were released about the girl who was detained. Her grandmother spoke briefly with KABC. The woman, who was not identified, told the station that her granddaughter was caring and loving but didn't have many friends and had been bullied by another girl.
Third school shooting
This was at least the third school shooting in recent weeks in the United States.
A student is accused of shooting 16 people — killing two — on January 23, at western Kentucky's Marshall County High School in Benton.
A day earlier, a 15-year-old student was injured in a shooting in the Texas city of Italy. A suspect, a 16-year-old male, was “apprehended within minutes,” city officials said.
When it comes to the web, smaller is always better. If an image-heavy site takes too long to load, visitors will just click over to something else. While there are plenty of software tools for optimizing image files on the Mac, few do it with the simplicity and speed of Squash.
Crushing it
Over a year ago, I reviewed a useful Mac utility called JPEGmini, which reduces image files with no discernable loss in image quality. Although limited to JPEG, the software was easy to use and produced impressive results, but at $99, it's clearly not aimed at casual users.
Realmac Software Drag and drop one or more image files onto the Squash window, and within seconds you'll have optimized versions a fraction of their original size.
Enter Squash ($20, available on the App Store), which offers the same quality and simplicity for less, and does it faster. The premise is the same: Drag and drop one or more images onto the application window, and within seconds you'll have optimized versions a fraction of the size that look identical to the naked eye.
The more versatile Squash works with PNG and GIF files as well as JPEG, and can also be used to create JPEGs from TIFF or PSD files; there's currently no PDF support, however. While Photoshop users can perform such conversions, Squash launches in the blink of an eye and is nimbler at quick conversions you may want for sending client approval emails or uploading images to the web.
Realmac Software After each task is finished, Squash shows how much space has been saved and allows users to drag and drop converted files anywhere they'd like.
Make some noise
Squash displays the cutesy animation of a vice squeezing a photo into a gift-wrapped present as it works. It's mildly entertaining the first few times but gets old after a while, especially accompanied by raucous sound effects. Thankfully, you can disable them entirely in settings. There's no way to cancel the process once it's started, short of quitting the application, but everything happens quite fast.
Squash reduced an 852.5MB folder containing 230 JPEG files to 258.2MB in just under 40 seconds, a savings of 594.3MB with no visible differences in image detail. By comparison, JPEGmini took three times as long but only saved 581MB, gobbling up significantly more CPU time in the process. JPEGmini displays animated thumbnails as images are optimized and an option to resize images, which Squash does not.
Both are minimalists when it comes to settings. By default, Squash users must choose where to save converted files, but this can be changed to a specific location or replace original files instead. (Originals are never actually replaced, only moved to Trash in case you change your mind.) You can also drag-and-drop optimized images from the save button to any desired destination, a convenient hidden shortcut.
J.R. Bookwalter/IDG There are only a few settings in Squash, but you'll want to disable the often-overbearing sound effects after the first few conversions.
Bottom line
Step aside, JPEGmini. Squash for Mac is now the fastest, cheapest, and most versatile image optimization utility in town.
SHENANDOAH — The first “Kielbasi-Pierogie Drop” held New Year's Eve in Shenandoah drew about 300 people to usher in the new year.
The cold weather and some very light snow did not deter the crowd from showing up at Legion Memorial Garden on the 100 block of North Main Street for the 7 p.m. drop.
The unique way of saying goodbye to 2016 and welcoming 2017 was the idea of four Shenandoah Valley seniors — Emily Tovar, Liz Rosa De Aza, Lynn Rosa De Aza, and Marisol Velasquez — as their senior project.
When people arrived, they saw the Rescue Hook and Ladder Company Telesquirt truck parked on the street with a ladder extended into the garden. The students were getting the kielbasi-pierogi combo ready to be hoisted to the top of the ladder by a vehicle with a front winch with the help of borough Fire Chief Russell Schumack and firefighter William “Bill” Moyer. The combo was held stable to face in the proper direction by ropes held by members of the Shenandoah Fire Police.
The crowd stood in the garden, located next to the American Legion Anthony P. Damato Medal of Honor Post 792, and on the sidewalk to see the inaugural drop. The pierogi, made of plywood, cloth and stuffed with plastic bags, was 8-feet wide and 4-feet high. The kielbasi, also made of cloth filled with plastic bags, were 10-feet long and decorated with blinking lights. Most of the work to make both items was done at the Downtown Shenandoah Inc. office, also located in the Damato building.
The event was held at 7 p.m. to allow younger children to attend. The timing was appropriate since it was midnight at the Greenwich Meridian in England. The meridian separates east from west on the globe.
Shenandoah Valley English teacher Anne Taylor, who is also the DSI Promotions Committee chairwoman, has been assisting the students with the project. A last-minute change occurred with the type of fire equipment on scene.
“The ladder truck would not start for some bizarre reason, so we got the Telesquirt,” Taylor said before the drop. “We had to change the trajectory with the other truck, but it's all moving thanks to the cooperation from our firefighters and fire police and our police department. It's a shorter drop than was planned.”
Noisemakers were distributed to the crowd, and the sounds were heard before the drop. Taylor said 200 noisemakers were available, and they were gone about 15 minutes before the event.
“I am so proud of those girls,” Taylor said. “The girls have been best friends since I taught them in their freshman year. They're in the band together, they're all on student council, they're all National Honor Society members, and they have always helped out with our community events, such as making floats for us and have worked at the Kielbasi-Pierogie Golf Tournament. They're very community oriented. They're just good, good, good kids and I'm thrilled that they have such a great turnout for their project.”
Attending the event was Tom Twardzik Sr., president of Ateeco Inc., maker of Mrs. T's Pierogies, his son, Tom Twardzik Jr., and Heidy Mora, who distributed cups of sparkling apple cider.
“It took I don't know how long,” Twardzik Sr. said. “I congratulated the girls because this has been talked about for at least a decade. It's been a lot of talk and these girls went and did it. It's pretty cool. The turnout is fun. I think it was a stroke of genius to use Greenwich Mean Time. I'm thrilled.”
Twardzik was given a small, hand-size pierogie by the students as a souvenir.
When it was time for the drop, the crowd shouted and used their noisemakers without reserve. The countdown began and the kielbasi-pierogi combo was slowly lowered. It touched the ground just as the clock outside the Legion post hit 7 p.m.
On Thursday, the Treasury Department inspector general found that Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin's seven flights on military planes were all legally approved by the White House but suggested that the $811,798 cost to taxpayers was poorly justified by repeated use of an inadequate "single boilerplate statement" about "scheduling, logistics, and communications needs." "Just because something is legal doesn't make it right," wrote IG counsel Rich Delmar, who investigated the nine military fights Mnuchin has requested, including the withdrawn request for his European honeymoon and a trip to the Middle East later this month.
Mnuchin's travels on government aircraft include a round trip from Washington, D.C., to New York to meet with President Trump at Trump Tower ($15,112), the infamous trip to Kentucky with his wife during the solar eclipse ($26,900), a C-32 jet to Italy for the G-7 summit ($314,442), and a $43,726 flight to Miami with Mexico's finance minister that the Treasury Department's travel office pointedly noted at the time would cost $688 round-trip commercial. "Treasury secretaries generally take commercial flights except in extenuating circumstances because of the exorbitant costs of using military planes," The New York Times notes.
A Treasury Department spokeswoman thanked the inspector general's office for finding "no violation of law, regulation, or ethics requirements in connection with the department's requests." Four other Cabinet officials and former Health and Human Secretary Tom Price are still subject to inspector general inquiries about their travel. Price racked up at least $500,000 in taxpayer-funded charter flights before resigning last Friday, and Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, Energy Secretary Rick Perry, EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, and Veterans Affair Secretary David Shulkin — who reportedly mixed four days of taxpayer-funded sightseeing in Europe with his wife in July — collectively racked up tens of thousand of dollars in questionable flights. Peter Weber
Kenny Hill and the TCU Horned Frogs host West Virginia in a top-25 game Saturday at Amon Carter Stadium. LM Otero AP
There are times when Odell Beckham Jr. calls his shot. Such as Monday, for instance, when he told teammates he was going to go out on the practice field and make a spectacular one-handed grab.
Then there are other times when the moment comes to him. When the ball and his position and the defense converge and allow him to snap the football from the air with one hand. Such as Sunday's practice, for instance.
Whatever the backstory, myth and mysticism behind them, there is no denying that Beckham has an ability to make plays that haven't been seen before in NFL history. In the past two days, he exhibited that to the crowds at Giants practices with a pair of remarkable grabs that left the fans shrieking and shaking their heads.
So this just happened at #GiantsCamp 👀🔥 pic.twitter.com/w3kFtK7gbK — New York Giants (@Giants) August 14, 2017
On Sunday, it was a one-handed grab for a would-be touchdown in a two-minute drill (Olivier Vernon was credited with a sack before the pass was thrown, though). Beckham came across the field and had a step on cornerback Eli Apple, and just as the pass from Eli Manning seemed to be overthrown, Beckham jumped and caught it backhanded with his right hand. He switched it quickly to his left as he cruised into the end zone.
“He threw the ball and I was like, ‘I've seen this before,' ” Beckham said. “It felt like it was like a dream. Just being able to have that confidence and come down with those plays . . . I try and bring a lot of energy to this team, especially to my wide receiver room.”
He followed it up Monday in one-on-one drills against Janoris Jenkins. This time he jumped over Jenkins down the left sideline and made another backhanded grab with his right hand.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The action is almost like a slam dunk, his arm windmilling, only in reverse. Instead of starting out with the ball in his palm and throwing it down, Beckham begins with an empty hand and winds up with a fist full of leather.
As exciting as those plays are — and as many clicks and retweets and loops on the highlight shows that they garner — not everyone is a fan of them.
“I like two hands on the ball better than one,” Ben McAdoo said.
But he also said: “I like completions better than incompletions.”
As long as Beckham comes away with the football, it's hard to argue with his technique.
Giants videos
“Get the job done,” Beckham said. “That's just where I'm at, just get the job done however you can. If I've got to fight and scrap for it, whatever I've got to do to come up with it, it just has got to be mine. There's just no other way to put it.”
Beckham knows he is not a role model for young receivers.
“I'm not trying to teach the kids out here to use one hand,” he said. “I was taught growing up to use two hands.”
He also knows the coaches want him to do it that way, which is why after Sunday's grab, instead of running back to the huddle, he jogged.
“That way they can maybe forget about it and go to the next play,” he said.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Forgetting about Beckham's most dynamic catches is hard to do. And that's the point. He became an icon by making a one-handed grab against the Cowboys as a rookie, and his star has not stopped rising since. Even his mundane plays have a lively spark to them, a sense of excitement, a feeling of wondering what he'll be able to do next.
Beckham shares that sensation.
“It's really crazy, you know, you're running these deep routes, or any time the ball is coming to you,” he said of the anticipation and his thoughts in the millimoments before such plays. “It's a split-second of decision that could last a lifetime.”
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Philadelphia Phillies outfielder Rhys Hoskins is likely headed to the disabled list after a further examination Wednesday revealed he has a fractured jaw.
Hoskins was hit in the mouth by his own foul ball in the ninth inning Monday while facing the Dodgers' Kenley Jansen. He was removed from the game but examinations, including a concussion test, cleared him to play Tuesday and he delivered a pinch-hit double.
However, a more extensive examination Wednesday morning revealed the fracture.
"Rhys is likely to be a DL," Phillies manager Gabe Kapler said. "He had a CAT scan this morning that revealed a fracture. We're going to send him to Philly tonight to be evaluated by our oral surgeon. They wanted to do the CAT scan as a precautionary measure and they found a fracture in the jaw."
The Phillies did not immediately put Hoskins on the 10-day disabled list, leaving them one player down for Wednesday night's game against the Dodgers. Hoskins was 14 for 87 at the plate in May, after going 27 for 89 in March/April.
Infielder Mitch Walding was added to the Phillies' active roster, but that was as a replacement for utility man Pedro Florimon, who was placed on the DL after he fractured a bone in his right foot on a foul ball in Tuesday night's game.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Public sector workers along with their families and friends will march and rally later today (Saturday) in Edinburgh in support of fair pay for everyone working in Scotland's schools, local councils, police forces and hospitals.
The march will assemble from 11am in Johnston Terrace, Edinburgh, and set off down the Edinburgh's Royal Mile at 11.45am. The rally, outside the Scottish Parliament, will be addressed by Dave Prentis, general secretary of UNISON.
The event is part of UNISON's Pay Up Now! Campaign, which is keeping pressure on both the Scottish and Westminster governments to end the pay cap and give all workers a decent pay rise.
Public service employees have seen their pay held back right across the UK for almost a decade. Public sector pay rose by just 4.4% between 2010 and 2016, while the cost of living rose by 22%.
Lillian Macer, convener of UNISON Scotland said: “While we welcome the Scottish government scrapping the pay cap, there is still much more to do. Public sector workers play a vital role in our communities, looking after us by keeping us safe, healthy, educated, and cared for.
“We can't accept the end of a 1% pay cap to just implement another pay cap. Public sector workers need pay rises at least in line with inflation and recognition of the pay they have lost for the last decade.”
Dave Prentis, general secretary of UNISON said: “The UK and Scottish governments are now under real pressure to give all public service workers a decent pay rise. Employees across our public services have had their pay held back for far too long.
“Classroom assistants, care workers, hospital cleaners and police clerks need a wage rise above the rate of inflation, so they can recoup some of the pay they've lost over the past few years.
“Any pay rises need to be properly funded so they don't mean deeper cuts to jobs and services elsewhere. There must be no selective lifting of the cap for some public servants but not for others. All public sector employees, no matter where they work or what job they do, need and deserve a decent pay rise now.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Millions of football fans are expected to call in sick today (July 4) following England's dramatic win against Colombia.
The economy could be hit with a £500 million bill as World Cup hangovers and the 30C heatwave combine for the biggest sickie day of the year.
Eric Dier's penalty secured a place in the quarter finals for Gareth Southgate's Three Lions yesterday evening.
The last night heroics and celebrations mean employers are braced for £200m of costs today as the number of staff calling in sick or late is projected to rocket up to 400 per cent in some cities, The Mirror reports.
(Image: PA Wire/PA Images)
Absenteeism and lateness will have higher peaks today than the 300 per cent increase in Leeds the day after the opening game against Tunisia, according to BrightHR, which monitors absenteeism at 56,000 workplaces.
Sick days cost an average of £139 million per working day for employers' costs covering absent staff's roles, with numbers spiking in hot weather, a study by accountants PwC showed.
The economy would lose an additional £313 million through just one hour's lost work by half the working population today due to hangovers after the England game and hot weather, based on daily economy productivity of £5 billion from an eight-hour working day, Office of National Statistics figures show.
Around 70 per cent of workers is tempted to call in sick in hot weather, Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development research showed.
(Image: PA Wire/PA Images)
Jane Pearson, a spokeswoman for BrightHR, said: “An England football game is the single biggest factor affecting absenteeism and lateness across the widest number and spread of industries.
“Absenteeism rates are projected to be higher for the second round game than for group games, as England fans' excitement has increased.”
(Image: PA Wire/PA Images)
The Weather Outlook forecaster Brian Gaze said: "Many England fans will be tempted to call in sick or turn up late due to hangovers after a night in the pub."
The Federation of Small Businesses has said: "Employees' days off in hot weather do happen and can be a big problem."
BACK IN 2011, former Irish rugby captain Brian O'Driscoll visited kids in Temple Street hospital with the Heineken Cup, giving us one of the most joyful photos of the decade.
Last week, he shared a lovely reunion photo with the little girl in the picture – her name is Michaela Morley, she is now 13 years old, and since having a kidney transplant, she's doing much better.
Brian asked Michaela to come along to his interview on the Late Late Show last night, and she absolutely stole the show with her infectious giggle and sunny personality.
Brian told host Ryan Tubridy that they've met up quite a few times since the first picture was taken:
It's hard not to feel the energy, and I think you feel better about yourself in her presence. We've seen each other quite a bit over the course of the last six or seven years – in the hospital, we try to coincide with visits when she might be getting a treatment or a checkup.
Source: RTÉ Player
Michaela revealed the real story behind the picture, and it's maybe a little different to what we all expected:
He came in with the cup and he had a little ball with him, and he got me to throw it in [to the cup]… The reason I was like that was because I got it in, not because I knew him!
Brian let Michaela take the floor for her part of the interview, only interjecting to remind her to talk about something very important.
Brian: You're a big fan of organ donor cards as well, aren't you.
Michaela: I think everyone should carry an organ donor card because it means that you're doing a good thing for a person like me.
Everyone agreed that Michaela was one hell of a trooper:
Love #Michaela, what a fantastic young woman she is #latelate so happy & joyful, so important to carry a #donorcard so that children like Michaela get to live life to the full @RTELateLateShow — Andra Johnston (@unedeuxtroix) February 2, 2018 Source: Andra Johnston /Twitter
The most adorable BFFs ever.
DailyEdge is on Instagram!
Written by Valerie Loftus and posted on DailyEdge.ie
A Leeds-based Hip Hop act is bringing his rapping and production talents to Harrogate in a unique music event in Harrogate.
Since he released his first mixtape, Abstract Views, in 2013, Lence has evolved into one of the North's most progressive rappers.
His headlining appearance at 'Harrogate does Hip Hop' in Harrogate's North Bar's upstairs room on Friday, June 15 will be preceded by a selection of some of the greatest moments from hip hop history.
Inspired by the likes of Wu-Tang Clan, this event is presented at the North Bar by the town's longest-established music night Charm on Friday, June 15.
The fiercely intelligent musican and producer Lence is a former Harrogate resident and it will be a bit of a homecoming gig.
Known for his hard-hitting beats and atmospheric videos filmed in the dead of night in the heart of urban Leeds, Lence has won acclaim for his forward-thinking lyrics and sophisticated musical backdrops – like Wu Tang-Clan meets Massive Attack with a splash of Eminem.
Lence said: “I really want to connect with the listener through passion and emotion.
“My new track The Portal follows on from my last release The Brink. For The Brink I had a clear picture in my mind of what I wanted the video to look like and I made sure the lyrics fitted it.
“I wanted The Portal to represent a new level of progression. In order to have full control I direcrted the filming myself while my usual director Imran Naushad edited the footage.
“The beats were made by a producer I've been working with recently called Minos.”
Audiences can all expect classic recorded tracks from the likes of Jay-Z, Wu-Tang Clan, Grandmaster Flash, Kendrick Lamar, Public Enemy, Kanye West, A Tribe Called Quest and Run DMC.
Tickets are available now from Harrogate Theatre in person or online.
BRISBANE, Australia (AP) — French Open champion Garbine Muguruza finished off a first-round match for the first time at the Brisbane International, and extended Sam Stosur's unhappy run in the process with a 7-5, 6-7 (2), 7-5 win on Monday.
The fourth-seeded Muguruza saved three set points in the first and rallied from a break down in the third to finish off in 2 hours, 45 minutes on a humid afternoon. In two previous trips to the season-opening tournament, Muguruza struggled with injuries and hadn't completed a match.
“It was a battle,” Muguruza said. Stosur “played very well today. She served like a beast. It took three hours for that battle to see what happens in the end.”
Muguruza beat Stosur in the French Open semifinals last year and went on to beat then No. 1-ranked Serena Williams in the final to claim her first major title.
The loss extended a slump for Stosur, the 32-year-old Australian who hasn't won a competitive single match since the first round of the U.S. Open in September and hasn't advanced past the second round at her home tournament in Queensland state.
No. 5 Svetlana Kuznetsova, No. 6 Elina Svitolina and No. 8 Roberta Vinci were among the women's seeds advancing Monday.
Svitolina, the only player to beat both Serena Williams and Angelique Kerber in 2016, opened with a 6-3, 6-3 win over Olympic champion Monica Puig.
Kuznetsova beat American Louisa Chirico 6-2 6-4 and Vinci was pushed all the way in a 7-6 (4), 6-7 (4), 7-6 (5) win over qualifier Kateryna Bondarenko.
American qualifier Asia Mohammed advanced with a 7-6 (5), 6-1 win over Donna Vekic, and Zhang Shuai of China beat Laura Siegemund 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3.
In the men's draw, another of Australia's local hopes went out in the first round with No. 8-seeded David Ferrer beating error-prone Bernard Tomic 6-3, 7-5.
Nicolas Mahut advanced to the second round with a 4-6, 6-3, 6-4 win over fellow Frenchman Stephane Robert and Kyle Edmond held off American qualifier Ernesto Escobedo 7-6 (4), 7-6 (6).
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
A man has been charged over fires in Beckenham.
A man has been charged over fires in Beckenham.
ARSON Squad detectives have charged a suspected firebug in relation to two deliberately lit blazes in Beckenham.
It will be alleged a 48-year-old Beckenham man started two scrub fires in Bonewood Court around 5.25am on January 2 and again around 11.15am on January 20.
On both occasions Department of Fire and Emergency Services attended and were able to contain and extinguish the fires before any nearby homes were damaged.
The man has been charged with two counts of lighting a fire likely to injure or damage under the Bushfires Act.
He is due to appear in Perth Magistrates Court today.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Footage has emerged of the “extremely violent and organised” attempt by over one thousand would-be African migrants to break into Spain's North African territory of Ceuta on Sunday.
Five Spanish policemen and around 50 members of the Moroccan forces were injured during the massive border raid, including one who lost an eye.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The army of migrants used weapons including metal bars as they attempt to breach gates and double fences to enter the small piece of Spanish territory.
Video from the scene shows large numbers of migrants perched on fences where they were halted by Spanish and Moroccan forces before being removed with cranes.
WATCH: “Extremely violent and organised” refugees try to storm Spanish enclave of Ceuta from Morocco leaving 10 guards seriously wounded. pic.twitter.com/i2S7OT8Xfx — LEAVE.EU (@LeaveEUOfficial) January 2, 2017
Both Spanish and Moroccan authorities have responded with aggressive rhetoric, promising to punish and deport those responsible.
The migrants tried “to force open some of the doors in the external fence, using iron bars, wire cutters and large stones, with which they assaulted Moroccan forces and [Spanish] Guardia Civil [police] agents,” the central government's representative office in Ceuta said in a statement.
“From now on, those making such attempts will be presented before the competent judicial authorities, who will decree their expulsion from the kingdom [of Morocco] or heavier penalties, according the gravity of the act,” Morocco's interior ministry added in a further statement.
#Espagne : 1100 migrants ont tenté de surmonter les barrières de l'enclave espagnole de Ceuta.
1 Garde de la frontière a perdu 1 oeil… pic.twitter.com/FRtBr89Y5u — LEDOUAISIEN (@LEDOUAISIEN) January 2, 2017
Figures released last week by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) showed that whilst Spain is still a relatively unpopular destination for migrants compared to Greece and Italy, numbers are growing.
More than 173,000 migrants had entered Europe via Greece by December 29th, and nearly 7,000 had made the short crossing from Morocco to Spain.
Spain is keen for its small enclaves in Africa not to become easy entry points into Europe. Once inside the fenced off areas, migrants can claim asylum and are often transported to mainland Europe.
To stop this, Spain has built substantial fences and actively works to keep the exact location of the official border secret so migrants can be removed even if they cross the barriers.
This has led human rights groups to criticise the policy of turning people back to Morocco immediately after such incidents, depriving them of the chance to claim asylum.
In October of this year, there were two successful attempts to cross the fences in Ceuta, with around 70 sub-Saharan African migrants makingit across the barriers on the 14th, before chanting “victory, victory”, and a further 220 forcing their way in at the end of the month.
ANNE FLAHERTY
Washington, US.- President Donald Trump on Tuesday seized on an error by liberal activists who tweeted photos of young-looking immigrants at the U.S.-Mexico border in steel cages and blamed the current administration for separating immigrant children from their parents.
The photos were taken by The Associated Press in 2014, when President Barack Obama was in office. The photo captions reference children who crossed the border as unaccompanied minors.
Early Tuesday, Trump tweeted: “Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obama's term showing children from the Border in steel cages. They thought it was recent pictures in order to make us look bad, but backfires. Dems must agree to Wall and new Border Protection for good of country...Bipartisan Bill!”
The immigration debate has reached a fever pitch in recent months following reports that since October about 700 children crossing the U.S.-Mexico border have been separated from their parents.
The number of separated minors is expected to jump once Trump's new “zero tolerance” policy is enacted. That policy, embraced by Attorney General Jeff Sessions, would enforce criminal charges against people crossing the border illegally with few or no previous offenses. Under U.S. protocol, if parents are jailed, their children would be separated from them.
"So, if we do our duty and prosecute those cases, then children inevitably for a period of time might be in different conditions”
“The parents are subject to prosecution while children may not be,” Sessions said earlier this month. “So, if we do our duty and prosecute those cases, then children inevitably for a period of time might be in different conditions.”
Enter a June 2014 online story by The Arizona Republic titled “First peek: Immigrant children flood detention center.”
The story linked to photos taken by AP's Ross D. Franklin at a center run by the Customs and Border Protection Agency in Nogales, Arizona. One photo shows two unidentified female detainees sleeping in a holding cell. The caption references U.S. efforts to process 47,000 unaccompanied children at the Nogales center and another one in Brownsville, Texas.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman from Newmarket has admitted causing the death of two men in a road crash.
Marcus Geoacas, 20, and 43-year-old Paul Gale died in a crash on May 27 after two cars collided in Exning Road, Newmarket just before midnight.
Mr Geoacas, thought to have been driving the Renault Laguna - and Mr Gale, believed to have been the front seat passenger in the Volkswagen Golf, both died at the scene of the crash which happened over the late May bank holiday weekend.
Two other occupants in the Volkswagen Golf were injured and rushed to Addenbrooke's. Amy Hillario, thought to be the rear seat passenger, suffered serious injuries.
Sadie Fuller, of Exning Road, Newmarket, was arrested after the collision and put under police guard at Addenbrooke's where she was being treated.
Jailed in 2018: The 66 faces of criminals locked up in the last six months
At Ipswich Crown Court yesterday (July 3), Fuller pleaded guilty to two charges of causing death by dangerous driving, one of causing serious injury by dangerous driving and one of possessing a controlled drug.
A further charge of attempting to pervert the course of justice was ordered to lie on file and will not be proceeded with.
Fuller appeared via video link from HMP Peterborough, where she is being held, for the short hearing.
She was ordered to be remanded in custody until her sentencing, which is scheduled to take place at the same court on Friday, July 27.
Since the crash, local residents have called for safety improvements to be made to the road.
Heidi Hathaway says she witnessed six accidents in 14 years on the same stretch, two of which have proven fatal.
Restaurant chain, Nando's, is giving away free chicken to A-level students across the UK this week.
“On August 17 anyone picks up their A-Level (or equivalent) results will be able to grab themselves a free quarter chicken or Firestarter* on that day,” a Nando's spokesman confirmed.
Nando's
“Just bring your results papers, ID and spend a minimum of seven pounds in any restaurant across the UK (excluding Scotland) and you will be eligible.
“Don't worry Nando's don't need to see your grades, unless you want to brag about them!”
The deal does not include Wing Roulette or All Together Now and the offer is open to students who are legal residents of the UK with the exception of Scotland.
The offer runs until 17th August 2017 and can only be redeemed once.
For more information and the terms and conditions visit the Nandos website.
(CNN) -- Members of the Northern California Sikh community gave Lake Oroville evacuees what they needed most over the past few days: a place to stay.
"We announced that if anybody needs help, medical help, or anything we are open," said Ranjeet Singh, the manager of the Gurdwara Sahib Sikh temple in West Sacramento, California. Singh had said his temple has two large halls that can sleep about 400 people.
"People started to come here Sunday night and more than 200 people were here," he said. There were about 100 people at the temple on Tuesday.
"We have so many from Sikh community, and white community, and the black and Mexican communities also," he said.
Churches, fairgrounds, RV parks and other organizations also took in evacuees.
More than 188,000 people who live near the dam were told to evacuate on Sunday as workers scrambled to patch a giant hole in the spillway that lets out excess water when the lake level got too high.
Many left home in a hurry, and only had time to grab a few things, so the temple provided whatever necessities people left behind, Singh said.
The temple bought most of the supplies, but Singh said they also received donations.
"They call us and say 'do you need anything like blankets and food and water,' and they bring it," Singh said.
The temples also fed hungry evacuees.
Tuesday brought good news for residents and business owners, who were told they could head back to Oroville with the water level dropping.
Many started the trip home. But officials advised some of the townspeople who needed assistance to delay their returns.
The temples were willing to let them stay longer.
"We don't know how long they are going to be staying here. It depends on their situations," Singh said. "We welcome everyone for as long as they want to stay here."
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
This week of Off the Shelf has an all-star procurement panel focusing on GSA's Section 846 Implementation Plan.
Angela Styles, partner at Bracewell LLP, Jonathan Aronie, partner at Sheppard Mullin LLP, and Jon Etherton, president of Etherton & Associates, Inc., share their insights and analysis on the Implementation Plan findings and legislative recommendations.
In particular, the panel takes a close look at the implications of the proposed increase in the Micro Purchase Threshold and GSA's portal of portals concepts.
What key laws would be waived under plan? What is the impact on the procurement system as a whole? What are the next steps? Are the legislative proposals timely or premature? These questions and more are addressed in a wide-ranging, engaging discussion.
Don't miss our news
Get the latest on government waste, fraud, and abuse - directly in your inbox.
TORONTO (AP) — Russell Martin hit a tiebreaking home run in the bottom of the eighth inning to lift the Toronto Blue Jays to a 7-6 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Wednesday night.
Kendrys Morales homered among his two hits and drove in four runs for the Blue Jays, who won after giving up a three-run lead in the top of the eighth.
Trailing 6-3, the Rays tied it on Logan Morrison's 19th homer, a two-run shot off reliever Joe Smith (3-0) and Derek Norris' sacrifice fly.
Martin then connected for his sixth home run of the season off reliever Jose Alvarado (0-1) over the center-right-field fence in the bottom half.
Roberto Osuna ensured it stood up in the ninth, finally forcing Evan Longoria to pop out to second base to earn his 17th save of the season.
Tampa Bay lost for just the second time in eight games.
Toronto starter Francisco Liriano went seven innings for his longest outing of the season, giving up five hits and two earned runs while striking out nine. The no-decision left him at 99 career wins.
After surrendering two runs in the third, Liriano was on the verge of getting pulled after loading the bases with none out on two walks and a bunt in the fourth inning. However, he escaped the jam, giving up just one run, before retiring the next seven batters in a row.
With the Blue Jays trailing 3-2 in the fifth, Morales hit a three-run shot over the right-field fence into the second deck for his 13th home run of the season and fourth RBI of the game. Morales also had a run-scoring grounder in the third for Toronto's first run.
The home run chased Tampa starter Jake Odorizzi. It marked the ninth consecutive appearance that Odorizzi had allowed a honer, a career high and the second-longest active streak in the majors behind 11 by Jesse Chavez of the Los Angeles Angels.
The Rays had taken the lead in the third inning when Corey Dickerson continued his strong hitting with a two-run triple.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Rays: SS/2B Tim Beckham's knee responded well to treatment, according to Tampa manager Kevin Cash, and is expected to play this weekend in Detroit.
Blue Jays: OF Ezequiel Carrera was placed on the 10-day DL on Wednesday with a fractured right foot. The left fielder suffered fouled a ball off his foot in Tuesday night's loss to the Rays and while X-rays were negative, a CT scan Wednesday showed the fracture. The Jays summoned Dwight Smith Jr. from Triple-A Buffalo to take his place, and he started in left field. . Manager John Gibbons said OF Steve Pearce, out since May 15 with a calf strain, should rejoin the team by the weekend.
UP NEXT
Rays: The Rays visit Detroit for a four-game series beginning Thursday, when RHP Alex Cobb (5-5, 4.29) will take on RHP Justin Verlander (4-4, 4.68).
Blue Jays: After a day off, Toronto will open a three-game series against the White Sox on Friday with a matchup between RHP Joe Biagini (1-5, 3.38) and Chicago LHP Jose Quintana (2-8, 5.30).
WASHINGTON — As political leaders from both sides of the aisle speak out against the weekend violence that happened in Charlottesville, Virginia, between white nationalists and counter-protesters, one local Republican claims only half the story is being told.
“It's time to end the hypocrisy,” said Corey Stewart, chairman of the Prince William Board of Supervisors.
Stewart, who will challenge Democratic U.S. Sen. Tim Kaine for his seat next year, said there is plenty of blame to go around.
“People condemned all those far-right agitators, but no one seemed to condemn the left wing,” he said. “Clearly, half of that violence was committed by left-wingers.”
A planned rally by white nationalists turned deadly Saturday when authorities said a 20-year-old man drove a car into a crowd of counter-protesters, killing one woman and hurting 19 others.
James Alex Fields Jr. was arrested and charged with second-degree murder.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the ninth grade for his “deeply held, radical” convictions on race.
Following the chaotic incident, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, posted a message on Twitter, saying “elected officials in America must denounce white supremacy, Nazism & any rhetoric that empowers those who seek to divide us.”
Virginia Republican Ed Gillespie, who is running for governor against Democrat Ralph Northam in the upcoming election, also spoke out on Twitter.
“We've seen evil in white supremacist torches and howling neo-Nazism,” Gillespie said.
But Stewart had a different, more neutral message.
“Let's condemn both sides for their violence, including the violence that was committed by these far-left nutcases who showed up,” said Stewart.
Stewart made preserving Virginia's Confederate history a top campaign issue when running for governor earlier this year. He came close to winning the Republican nomination, narrowly losing to Gillespie in the primary election.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
By The Associated Press
Sunday, Dec. 10 EAST
Fairfield 76, LIU Brooklyn 72
Maine 104, Maine at Machias 51
Navy 73, Columbia 68
Robert Morris 74, Drexel 60
St. Francis (Pa.) 93, Niagara 87, OT
Villanova 77, La Salle 68
Wagner 75, Mercy 41
SOUTH
Chattanooga 64, Charlotte 50
Coll. of Charleston 92, North Greenville 60
ETSU 94, Hiwassee 48
FAU 106, Webber International 46
Florida St. 72, Tulane 53
High Point 110, Toccoa Falls 39
LSU 97, UNC-Wilmington 84
N. Kentucky 91, E. Kentucky 63
Richmond 74, James Madison 71
Southern Miss. 89, Troy 71
UNC-Asheville 97, Milligan 60
UT Martin 127, Cincinnati Clermont 92
Virginia Tech 93, Md.-Eastern Shore 40
MIDWEST
Arizona St. 95, Kansas 85
Cleveland St. 89, Notre Dame College 56
Iowa 91, Southern U. 60
Iowa St. 78, Alcorn St. 58
N. Iowa 80, Dubuque 47
Ohio 89, W. Kentucky 84
Purdue 86, IUPUI 61
SIU-Edwardsville 76, South Alabama 75
South Dakota 75, E. Washington 73
SOUTHWEST
Oral Roberts 73, Missouri St. 66
FAR WEST
Gonzaga 97, Washington 70
Hawaii 82, Hawaii Hilo 64
N. Colorado 104, Oklahoma Panhandle State 53
UNLV 89, Illinois 82
___
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A dominant scoring performance by import Curtis Washington was not enough to get Rockingham Flames over the line against Perry Lake Hawks on Friday night.
The men's side fell 82-79, but the Flames women got the better of their opponents in the earlier tip-off, with D'Lesha Lloyd, Jacinta Bourne and Maddison Allen impressive in a 58-51 win.
The Flames started hot and were out to an 11-point lead with a minute to play in the first quarter, but the Lady Hawks reeled them in to trail by just six at the main break.
The Hawks outscored the Flames in the third quarter to tie the contest at 43 heading into the final quarter.
The game continued to ebb and flow, with neither side able to break away until the final three minutes, when the Flames went on a 10-3 run to close out the game.
Lloyd was impressive running the floor and racking up 17 points, while Bourne tallied 16 points, six rebounds and four assists.
Match MVP Allen added 12 points to go with 12 rebounds and a perfect record from the free-throw line.
In the men's game, hearts were in mouths early on when Greg Hire collided with Hawks man-mountain centre Brian Carwell and was forced off with an apparent knee injury.
Thankfully for the home side, he returned shortly.
The sides traded buckets to enter the first break level, and in the second, the Flames started to gain the ascendency courtesy of fine shooting from Washington, Ryan Godfrey and and Beau Samuelson.
In an increasingly testy affair, the Flames took a three-point lead into half-time, but the Hawks fired back in the third to jump out to an 11-point lead with three minutes remaining.
The Flames rallied and a 13-2 run saw the sides level heading into the last 10 minutes. It took nearly two minutes for the Hawks to register the first score of the final quarter, and just as they had in the third quarter, they flew out to a 10-point lead with less than five minutes to play.
Back-to-back threes from Washington, Hire and Kevin White cut the margin to a point, and after a Washington lay-up and Justin Beard free throw after a technical foul on the Hawks' Ryan Smith, scores were locked at 74-all.
The sides traded baskets but a late tech on Hire put the Hawks out to a four-point lead with 34 seconds remaining, and despite a late three from Godfrey, the Hawks hung on for the win.
Washington finished with 27 points and seven rebounds, while Hire registered 15 points, 14 rebounds and eight assists, and Beard was solid with 10 rebounds to go with seven points.
The result leaves the men in seventh spot, while the women tightened their grip on third.
Both sides face Stirling Senators away this Friday.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Summer programs begin this week at Ferrum College and students of all ages and groups of all kinds including church retreats, athletic and enrichment camps, and family reunions will be gathering on our beautiful campus. We appreciate the work of Chip Phillips and his able crew who organize all of the activities, housing, and the multiple other pieces that are required to make this an important part of our Ferrum summer! We are also grateful to the dining services staff, the grounds crew, mail service, campus safety officers, housekeepers and all others who keep the campus looking good and our guests well-fed, happy, and safe.
While it has been challenging to work through the transitions of the past weeks, we thank the faculty, coaches, and staff for their continuing support. So many of these people have dedicated their lives and careers to making Ferrum College a wonderful place. They are positive and excited about welcoming new and returning students to campus in the fall. They are the “Ferrum Family” and represent many years of service, care, and commitment to generations of Ferrum Panthers. All of those who teach, mentor, advise, register, enroll, retain, coach, and care for our students, are always here to assist. Whether it is the academic affairs office, the Dean of the Chapel, the admissions, business, and financial aid offices, the student life and residence life offices, the development, alumni and career services offices, the academic support offices, or the myriad of others who make up our “team”, we are here to provide encouragement and support. We are available if you need assistance or have questions and we thank you for your ongoing support.
Dame Susan Devoy is currently in Geneva to give a report to the UN on New Zealand's progress on eliminating all forms of racial discrimination.
An analysis of the HRC report gives the impression that Devoy wants to implement and strengthen the very blasphemy laws in New Zealand that Labour MP Chris Hipkins wants removed from our law books.
…in a world where old Blasphemy laws are already being used to victimise people in the West, our New Zealand Blasphemy law needs to be eliminated as soon as possible with extreme prejudice. It is a dangerous law that can and will be used by Islamic activists to silence and punish critics of Islam in New Zealand. We need to remove the stick that will be used to beat us up with as soon as is humanly possible. When it has suited political parties in the past they have skipped due process and made quick changes to laws. Even the Labour Party would support this law being booted without further consultation. …Labour MP Chris Hipkins introduced an amendment to remove anti-blasphemy laws but both the National Party and the Maori Party voted against throwing it out of the Crimes Act… It comes after Prime Minister Bill English said earlier in May that he didn't previously know the blasphemy laws existed, but “we could get rid of them”. It's understood National changed its mind about dealing with the law quickly and with the help of the Maori Party stopped it going through.
Instead, the government wanted to go through the process of select committee and give the public the opportunity to submit on the potential law change. -Whaleoil
Susan Devoy and the Human Rights Commission are promoting legislation that will threaten free speech and enable Sharia compliant Blasphemy laws to be imposed on New Zealanders.
In the HRC report it said that it wanted to draw” four high level issues” to the Committee's attention. The one that concerns me the most is “(c) The importance of better data collection about hate crimes and the scope of the current “hate speech” legislation that is in place.”
There is no need to create hate crime or hate speech legislation as our laws already fully cover violence, harm, incitement and threats. The highly intoxicated young woman with bipolar disorder who was confronted by a large group of Muslim women in Huntly was punished successfully under our existing laws for verbally abusing the group and for assault.
..31. For example, it should be noted that both section 61 and section 131 are limited to instances of racial disharmony. Jurisprudence indicates that the provisions may only be applied to religious groups where membership is restricted to a pre-existing cultural group with a long-shared history and common belief as to their historical antecedents 11 . The provisions are therefore unable to be utilised in respect of religious hate speech directed at Muslim New Zealanders, who, for the most part, belong to a variety of ethnic minority communities in New Zealand.
The HRC and Susan Devoy are wanting the legislation changed specifically to enable them to criminalise what they call “religious hate speech” against one privileged religious group because they inconveniently belong to a number of different ethnic groups which makes it difficult for the HRC to accuse critics of racism. By strengthening our existing blasphemy laws criticism of Islam can then be labelled “hate speech” and those of us who do not agree with the values and laws of Islam can be prosecuted and silenced.
… the Committee urges the Government to: (a) Review the adequacy of current legislation in addressing and sanctioning hate speech and incitement to racial disharmony, including hateful and disharmonious speech targeted at the religion and beliefs of ethnic minority communities; and (b) Following that review, make any changes necessary to ensure that the legislative framework is adequate and contains appropriate and effective sanctions. -HRC report
The truly sad and ironic thing about all this is that the New Zealand Human Rights Commission report is being submitted for review to a committee includes countries that already enforce oppressive blasphemy laws and who therefore encourage blasphemy laws. The committee panel includes Pakistan, Turkey, Lebanon, Russia and China. How ridiculous that New Zealand should ask for guidance on preventing “Hate Speech” from countries like Pakistan where people are sentenced to DEATH for blasphemy.
The committee is so biased that it accepted the United Arab Emirates report without questioning or commenting on the below statement:
The President of the United Arab Emirates had issued a federal decree law No. 2 in 2015 on combatting discrimination and hatred, which criminalized acts related to blasphemy and defamation of any religion, provided for the fight against all forms of discrimination, and rejected hate speech made by any means or forms of expression. The law prohibited insulting the divine entity, any religion, any prophet, any messenger, any holy books or places of worship, as well as discrimination among individuals or groups based on religion, creed, doctrine, sect, caste, colour or ethnic origin. The law also criminalized any speech or conduct which might incite sedition, prejudicial action or discrimination among individuals or groups.
Not only was the above not questioned they commended the report for being well organised and the only concern they raised was that “some of the fundamental rights raised in the Constitution may not apply to non-citizens in the country.” The reality of the persecution of non-Muslims in the UAE resulting from Blasphemy laws was ignored by the committee.
Under Islamic law, it is considered a serious offense to criticize Allah, Muhammad or Islam. In countries like Pakistan, a Muslim can take a non-Muslim to court and claim he was “offended” by something that was said, resulting in a trial and jail time, even death, for the non-Muslim. Christians in Pakistan, Indonesia, Egypt, Sudan and other Muslim-dominated countries with significant Christian minorities have been the targets of brutal persecution, with the blasphemy laws often serving as the catalyst for their incarceration. Christians have been jailed, stoned, beheaded, and even had acid thrown in their faces for violating the blasphemy laws. -wnd.com
New Zealanders needs Blasphemy laws like we need a hole in the head. Blasphemy laws do not prevent crime they are a crime. Susan Devoy and the New Zealand Human Rights Commission are attempting to take New Zealand down a dark path that will discriminate against, intimidate and persecute anyone who disagrees with the values and laws of Islam.
Dallas Stars play-by-play announcer Dave Strader will receive the Foster Hewitt Memorial Award for outstanding contributions as a hockey broadcaster, to be presented by the Hockey Hall of Fame Media Award organizations.
Scott Burnside, President of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association, and Chuck Kaiton, President of the NHL Broadcasters' Association, made the announcement Monday.
Strader's career began in 1979 with the AHL Adirondack Red Wings. In 1985, Strader was brought to Detroit to broadcast Red Wing games until 1996. He then moved to national prominence when he was hired as one of the primary hockey voices at ESPN. He then went on to work at ABC and through the 2014-2015 for NBC as a play-by-play man at the 2006 Torino and 2014 Sochi Olympic games, as well as for the Florida Panthers, Arizona Coyotes and most recently the Stars.
Strader was diagnosed with bile duct cancer in 2016, but returned to the booth in a limited role this season and is currently calling Stanley Cup playoff games with NBC.
Cam Cole will receive the Elmer Ferguson Award for excellence in hockey journalism. He retired in after a long distinguished career with the National Post in Toronto and the Vancouver Sun.
Cole and Strader will receive their awards at the “Hockey Hall of Fame NHL Media Awards Luncheon” in Toronto on Monday, November 13, 2017, and their award plaques will be displayed in the Esso Great Hall at the Hockey Hall of Fame alongside past award recipients.
Recipients of these awards, as selected by their respective associations, are recognized by the Hockey Hall of Fame as “Media Honourees” ─ a separate distinction from individuals inducted as “Honoured Members” who are elected by the Hockey Hall of Fame Selection Committee.
By The Associated Press
Tampa Bay AB R H BI BB SO Avg. Bourjos lf 5 1 1 0 0 3 .229 Dickerson dh 5 0 1 2 0 1 .335 Longoria 3b 5 1 1 0 0 1 .259 Morrison 1b 4 1 1 2 0 2 .239 Souza Jr. rf 2 1 1 0 2 1 .259 M.Smith cf 4 1 1 0 0 2 .348 Robertson ss 2 0 0 0 1 1 .209 a-Rasmus ph 1 0 1 0 0 0 .275 Martinez 2b 0 0 0 0 0 0 .176 Norris c 3 0 0 1 0 0 .188 Featherston 2b-ss 3 1 1 1 0 0 .182 Totals 34 6 8 6 3 11
Toronto AB R H BI BB SO Avg. Pillar cf 4 2 0 0 1 3 .257 Donaldson 3b 3 0 0 0 2 2 .315 Bautista rf 4 1 2 1 1 1 .232 Morales dh 4 1 2 4 0 0 .254 Smoak 1b 4 0 0 0 0 0 .293 Tulowitzki ss 4 0 0 0 0 0 .226 Martin c 4 2 2 1 0 0 .227 Smith Jr. lf 4 0 3 0 0 1 .500 Goins 2b 2 1 1 0 0 0 .208 Totals 33 7 10 6 4 7
Tampa Bay 002 100 030—6 8 2 Toronto 001 041 01x—7 10 1
a-singled for Robertson in the 8th.
E_Norris (6), Featherston (1), Goins (4). LOB_Tampa Bay 6, Toronto 8. 2B_Souza Jr. (11), Bautista (10). 3B_Dickerson (3). HR_Morrison (19), off J.Smith; Morales (13), off Odorizzi; Martin (6), off Alvarado. RBIs_Dickerson 2 (34), Morrison 2 (43), Norris (21), Featherston (2), Bautista (30), Morales 4 (38), Martin (12). SB_Souza Jr. (3), Rasmus (1), Pillar (10), Smith Jr. (1). SF_Norris, Featherston. S_Goins 2.
Runners left in scoring position_Tampa Bay 4 (Bourjos, Dickerson, Robertson, Featherston); Toronto 4 (Donaldson, Bautista, Smoak, Tulowitzki). RISP_Tampa Bay 1 for 8; Toronto 2 for 12.
Runners moved up_Bourjos, Morales.
Tampa Bay IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Odorizzi 4 1-3 5 5 3 3 4 99 3.77 Whitley 2 2-3 3 1 1 0 1 31 3.07 Alvarado, L, 0-1 1 2 1 1 1 2 16 3.94 Toronto IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Liriano 7 5 3 2 2 9 100 5.36 J.Smith, W, 3-0, BS, 1-1 1 3 3 3 1 1 23 3.41 Osuna, S, 17-20 1 0 0 0 0 1 21 2.77
WP_Whitley.
Umpires_Home, Ron Kulpa; First, Brian Gorman; Second, Tripp Gibson; Third, Ryan Blakney.
T_3:07. A_37,734 (49,282).
A generic drug is a duplicate copy of original branded drug, which has same dosage form, active pharma ingredients (API), strength, route of administration, and also same intended use as the branded one. Regulatory authorities and governments have mandated that an authorized generic drug has to medicinally correspond to the branded drug and sanctioned as an Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). An authorized generic is the branded company's individual product, but repackaged and marketed as generic drug either via subsidiary or third party. These are already approved as a New Drug Application by the FDA, only they are promoted via private label. The authorized generics market grew rapidly in the past few years as these provide consumers with branded quality drugs at generic prices. Presently, there is a growing trend of original maker giving approvals to a subsidiary or a private label distribution company to sell its brand name drug as a generic drug at a subsequently low price.
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20609
An example of authorized generic drug is Azithromycin Pak which is sold under by the company name Greenstone. Pfizer's original branded drug Z-pak was approved by the FDA. Before patent expiry of Z-pak, Pfizer allowed Greenstone to sell Z-pak using authorized generic name Azithromycin Pak. Greenstone is a wholly owned subsidiary of Pfizer.
The global authorized generics market is expected to witness strong growth. Authorized generic drugs are priced at significantly discounted rate i.e. 50% to 70% as compared to branded counterparts. Additionally, many of the popular branded drugs of pharma companies are losing patent protection rights, which is also termed as patent cliffs. This would pave the way for entry of new complex generics in the market. These factors are likely to drive the authorized generics market in the near future. Other factors driving the market are health care plans by governments across the world, rapidly increasing cost of branded drugs, and aging populations. On the other hand, possibility of side effects, and lack of regulatory awareness about products and quality management are factors likely to restrain the global authorized generics market.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=20609
The global authorized generics market can be classified based on product type, application, end-user, and region.
In terms of product type, the global authorized generics market can be segmented into biosimilars, simple generic, super generic, and others. Based on applications the market can be classified into cardiovascular, anti-infective, anti-arthritis, central nervous system, anti-cancer, respiratory, and others.
Geographically, the global authorized generics market can be divided into North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America accounted for the largest share of the market, primarily due to technological advancements, rise in demand for generic drugs, increase in overall cost of branded drugs, and presence of key players. Europe held a significant share of the market attributed to advancements in generic drugs, rise in various types of cancer, and blood related disorders. Asia Pacific, however, has been exhibiting high growth rate on account of growing demand for generic drugs, rise in geriatric population, increase in disposable income, and government initiatives to support generic drugs. Rapidly rising population in the region has increased demand for better health care and induced both private and government players to meet the demand. Developing economies such as India and China have also made a significant contribution to the rise of the global authorized generics market by focusing on establishing a better health care infrastructure.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=20609
Key players in the market are Teva Pharmaceuticals, Sandoz, Allergan, Mylan, Sun Pharmaceuticals, and STADA Arzneimittel. Other prominent vendors in the market are Abbott, Amgen, Apotex, Aspen, AstraZeneca, Aurobindo Pharma, Baxter, Berlin-Chemie, Biocon, Biogen, Boehringer Ingelheim, Celltrion, Cipla, Coherus Biosciences, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories, Daiichi Sankyo, Eli Lilly and Company, Emcure Pharmaceuticals, Eurofarma Laboratories, Gedeon Richter, Gilead Sciences, and GlaxoSmithKline.
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
CLEVELAND (AP) — Indians manager Terry Francona returned to work Wednesday after being hospitalized for a few hours Tuesday night.
Francona felt ill late in the Indians' 7-5 loss to the Los Angeles Dodgers. He left the dugout in the eighth inning and did not meet with reporters afterward.
“I was having a hard time during the game,” he said Wednesday. “I was lightheaded. I knew my heart was going too fast and I had one of the trainers check me. I finally came inside because I was like ‘Something's not right.'”
Bench coach Brad Mills filled in for Francona for the final inning and for his postgame news conference.
Advertisement
“I was really out of it,” Francona said. “Millsie said something and I kind of looked at him. That's when he got nervous because I missed a couple of things.”
Francona said he was taken from Progressive Field to Cleveland Clinic in an ambulance. He underwent a battery of tests and was given an IV because he was dehydrated.
“It scared me a little bit,” he said. “That doesn't usually happen.”
Francona said team president Chris Antonetti drove him home from the hospital early Wednesday.
“You show up the next day and you're more embarrassed than anything,” he said. “I'm just tired today, which they said I would be but I'm OK.”
Francona managed to keep his sense of humor.
“They checked my brain and they didn't find anything, which did not surprise me,” he said.
The 58-year-old Francona missed a game last season in Washington because of chest pains, but said he didn't experience that symptom Tuesday.
He's in his fifth season with Cleveland after winning two World Series titles in Boston. Francona guided the Indians to their first World Series appearance since 1997 last year. Cleveland lost in seven games to the Chicago Cubs.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Turkish and American intelligence officials blame the Islamic State for a deadly gun attack on Istanbul's popular Reina nightclub at 1:15 a.m. on New Year's Day, according to a U.S. official and reports in Turkish newspapers on Monday. Turkey has mounted a nationwide manhunt for the lone gunman who killed 39 people — including 25 foreigners — and Turkish security forces reportedly have determined that he is from Central Asia, Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan, and possibly from the same ISIS cell that carried out the June attack on Ataturk Airport.
The shooting at the exclusive nightclub is the latest deadly attack in Turkey, despite a high-profile crackdown by the country's increasingly authoritarian president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. Erdoğan's government imposed a news blackout after the attack, ordering the press to report only official statements. "I don't know what to say," said Zeynep Ozman, the sister of a man wounded in the attack. "I don't want to say anything political, but this can't be accepted as the new norm. Terrorism is everywhere now, and the government has no control. Something needs to be done. There is no life left in Istanbul." The foreigners killed in the shooting or while trying to escape by jumping into the Bosphorus strait include victims from Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, Belgium, France, and India.
UPDATE: ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack on Monday, with its Aamaq News Agency saying the shooting was carried out "in response to the orders" of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi by a "heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast." Peter Weber
KALAMAZOO, Mich. (AP) - A man accused of killing two people in two counties in southwestern Michigan has been sentenced to life in prison without parole for one of the crimes.
A Kalamazoo County judge sentenced 33-year-old Zachary Patten on Monday after he was convicted last month of the first-degree murder of Graciela Portillo-Esparza last July.
The mother of four was fatally shot after stepping between her brother and Patten, who were arguing.
A detective testified Patten admitted shooting Portillo-Esparza, but said he was aiming for her brother, Oscar Portillo, the ex-boyfriend of Patten's girlfriend.
Patten is also charged with murder in St. Joseph County. Police say he drove about 30 miles after killing Portillo-Esparza and shot his ex-wife's husband. A trial date for that case hasn't been set.
Best Bet: JAVELIN (8); Best Value: CAPE FEAR (6)
FIRST: Parboo entry: Trinni Ninja makes first start with maiden-claiming tag and mate Dark Tricks owns speed; call in weak opener. Aly's All Out logged four tight works since game placing in debut on April 8; very dangerous. Lila Ruth fired half-mile bullet for debut with Linda Rice; must be given a look.
SECOND: Karma Delight drops and should pack amplified late wallop with cutback to sprint. Ranger in Paradise is speedy, rested and training with a purpose; dangerous. Too Fast to Pass did the dirty work on the lead when a determined third in last; right in the thick of this.
THIRD: Money Purse returns to grass after clear-cut placing behind a repeat winner in last; rates close call. La Naturel owns two seconds and a third from three starts; logical, short-priced threat. Full Tilt Treasure is fleet-footed and should be favorably positioned near the front at 6 furlongs on inner turf; must consider.
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
FOURTH: Converge owns fast late-pace and final figures and is training with a purpose for first start since moving to Rudy Rodriguez barn. Changewilldoyagood is quick from the gate and could prove very tough on an unchallenged lead. Samadi Sky makes third start of form cycle after solid third in last; price will be tempting.
FIFTH: Tough Old Bird was tough-trip third in last and should be well placed in field with ample speed. Jump for Joy has finished second in last three starts; continues trend? Jacqueline D logged five tight works since fast-figured fourth in last; very interesting.
SIXTH: Cape Fear packs powerful late punch and compiled solid work slate for first start since August; call based on price potential. Animauxselle made seven-wide sustained rally when a hard-charging third in last; very dangerous. Banty's Girl should be advantageously positioned near the front in big field.
SEVENTH: Starlite Mission logged a string of 5-furlong workouts for first start in seven weeks; primed for breakthrough. Adorable Song displayed speed in debut and is another that has compiled eye-catching training tab; price will be tempting. New Pass owns a second and a third in two starts; right in the thick of this.
EIGHTH: Javelin took backward step in last start after fast-figured placing in previous race; rebounds. Zap Zap Zap was geared down when a clear-cut winner at this price in last at Gulfstream; dangerous. May Be a Diamond exits front-running score versus N2L rivals last time; big-time threat in current form. Stretch's Stone owns fast numbers on “A” game but has been on the bench for 420 days; must take the good with the bad.
NINTH: Hawkish tallied rapid late-pace numbers in all three starts; swift recent work slate seals the deal. Catholic Boy is fresh and logs swift figures on best efforts; big-time threat. Analyze It is 3-for-3 and hails from Chad Brown barn; likely underlay.
TENTH: Reflected Star was pace and trip compromised when an even fourth in last; half-mile bullet last week is the clincher. Poshsky has notched game placings in last two starts; same finish on Saturday? Blarp compiled purposeful work slate for first start since September; right in the thick of this. Two Down One to Go moves to grass and could play out as the controlling speed at playable price.
By Ted Nuyten
Alliance In Motion Global (AIM Global) continues to demonstrate unprecedented success in Africa.
Last June 23, 2018, AIM Global Abuja marked its 4th anniversary with 5,000 distributors, top leaders and guests at the M&M Events Ltd., Garki District of Abuja, celebrating AIM Global Abuja's momentous anniversary and recognition rally.
The event was led by AIM Global Abuja Branch Manager, Mr. Rey Guiang, country manager Mr. Ahmed Kassim Basha and the whole AIM Global Abuja team.
It was also attended by AIM Global's Nigerian top leaders and dignitaries namely Ms. Grace Umezurike, Mr. Israel Ukoko, Mr. Paul Chukwu, Mr. Chikat Lekshak, Mr. Okoli Kanayo, Mr. Joseph Nnamani, Mr. Innocent Adah and Life Coach/International Trainer John Gay.
Coach John Gay at the 4th Anniversary of AIM Global Abuja in Nigeria
The distributors were all ears at the compelling testimonies on health and wealth of Top leaders Ms. Mary Anne Udoh and Mr. Vincent Nwosu, respectively. They learned all about the importance of perseverance, resilience and having the resolve of a true champion.
AIM Global Abuja's Top Contributors received plaques of recognition
Top leader and Gold Executive Mr. Vincent Nwosu conveyed that
“Life is all about survival. Life is about living to reach your full potential and AIM Global can help you get to reach the full potential that you want.”
The program focused on the awarding of the new members of Millionaires Circle, Global Ambassadors, Speakers Bureau, Silver Executives, Gold Executives, the Top 5 leaders based on Pairings, the Top 3 leaders based on Reorders, Top 5 leaders based on Income, the Top 5 leaders based on Total Sales, Top 5 RC contributors, Top 20 RCs and the Rising Star Award.
Top leaders and trainers such as Mr. Innocent Adah, Mr. Paul Azuka Chukwu, Ms. Victoria Olatunde, Mr. Chikat Lekshak, Mr. Okoli Kanayo, Ms. Grace Umezurike and Life Coach John Gay also shared powerful messages to the crowd of 5,000 distributors, earning thunderous applause and cheers for their uplifting and empowering words.
Ms. Victoria Olatunde, a Global Ambassador and Top 7 Nigerian Leader, deeply moved the attendees emphasizing that
“The hustle is tough… If you want to win in any type of business, find a mentor.
Find someone who is good in that business, stop listening to hear-says…
The fact that I found a mentor in this business really helped me.”
The event ended with a grand toast and a cake-cutting ceremony to celebrate AIM Global Abuja's continued accomplishments not just in Nigeria, not just in Africa, but in all of its branches worldwide.
ABOUT AIM GLOBAL
Founded by Network Marketing icons Raymond “John” Asperin, Engr. Francis Miguel and Dr. Eduardo Cabantog in 2006, Alliance In Motion Global (AIM GLOBAL) is the leading direct sales network marketing company in the Philippines. The company markets and distributes top of the line Nutraceutical supplements, weight loss wellness products, personal care and skincare products, functional beverages and premium lifestyle products.
The company is a proud member of MLMIA (Multi-Level Marketing International Association) in the USA, founding member of Direct Selling Association in Pakistan (DSAP) and Direct Selling Education Institute (DSEI) of Dubai, UAE.
AIM Global has 130 business center offices in the Philippines and has global offices in 18 countries namely Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan, Brunei, Papua New Guinea, UAE, Kuwait, Pakistan, Hawaii, Nigeria, Ghana, Kenya, Uganda, Togo, Ivory Coast, Cameroon and Tanzania.
AIM Global is categorized as “+AAA” business opportunity, Top 100 Solid MLM Direct Sales Company 2018, Top 25 Momentum Direct Selling Companies 2018, Founder/Director/CEO and Visionary President Dr. Eduardo Cabantog as one of the Ambassadors of Network Marketing – Hall of Fame 2018 by Business For Home. For more information please visit Alliance In Motion Global
AIM Global Abuja Team
Source:: https://www.businessforhome.org/2018/07/aim-global-abuja-nigeria-celebrates-4th-anniversary-with-5000-attendees/
It was last year that the Government of India had announced "all mobile phones sold in India would be required to have a physical panic button installed by the beginning of 2017."
This has now put many smartphone manufacturers to work and develop a technology that would facilitate the panic button fuction in their smartphones.
While Apple was said to already have been working on this feature, Nubia today announced that as per Indian Government's directive, it has updated its software for the power button to also function like the panic button.
The company has said in a statement that pressing the power button of the Nubia smartphones thrice will connect the consumers to the helpline and the GPS in the phone will help authorities track the location of the person. This move has also been directed to provide emergency assistance to women.
SEE ALSO: All Mobile Phones in India Must Have Panic Buttons from 2017
The feature will be available across all Nubia series of phones which includes Z11 and N1 and all the phones that nubia will be launching in India in the future. Existing owners of the Nubia devices will also be getting this feature through a software update. All nubia range of phones have GPS pre-installed and will continue to do so in the future.
Commenting on the update, Eric Hu, Country Manager, nubia- India said, "We adhere by the Indian government's directive and its laws.
Additionally, we would want every individual to be safe always. As a brand it is our responsibility to make sure we build technology that is meant to make life better and what better than using it for the security of an individual."
As for the update, Nubia smartphone users can now start downloading the update from www.nubia.com/in. All distress calls made by pressing the panic button will be connected currently to 100 and in future to India's forthcoming singe emergency response number 112, with the call going through even if the caller's phone balance is zero.
However, every user would need a SIM card to place the distress call. The call can be made by pressing the existing power button thrice, anywhere between 300 milliseconds and 500 milliseconds.
-Press Release
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
ISLAMABAD: Pakistan fast bowler Mohammad Amir was issued a British visa on Tuesday just a day after the team left for tours of Ireland and England.
“He has got his required visa and will be flying out on Wednesday,” Pakistan Cricket Board spokesman Amjad Bhatti told The Associated Press.
Amir, who has taken 95 wickets in 30 test matches, is the most experienced fast bowler in Pakistan's test team.
Local media reported on Monday that Amir had already applied for a longer term spouse visa because his wife is a British national.
It was not the first time that Amir has had a delay in obtaining a visa.
During Pakistan team's last tour of England two years ago he faced a similar problem before the PCB sought help from the England and Wales Cricket Board.
Amir was banned for five years in 2010 for his involvement in spot-fixing and also served a brief stint in jail in England for the same offence.
Pakistan will play a test match against Ireland in Dublin before traveling to England for a two-test series. The tour will end in June with two Twenty20s against Scotland.—AP
HIGHLIGHTS Entered Monday night batting .410
Didn't have extra-base hit in April 2016
Chase Headley's early struggles last year were so irrefutable that even the Yankees' scoreboard has to acknowledge them now.
The pregame scoreboard segments — usually bits of rah-rah positivity for early birds intent on watching batting practice — included an interview with Headley on Monday, and the very first question addressed the third baseman's woeful April 2016. That's about as much proof as you need that Headley's current April is going very, very well.
“I think it probably stands out more because it's pretty fresh in our minds, the struggles that he went through last year and how hard we were pulling for him to get going,” Joe Girardi said before the game against the White Sox, in which Headley batted fifth and had an RBI double in four at-bats. “He's used the whole field, he's been patient, he's taken his walks, he's been on base a ton for us, he's stolen some bases, scored runs, hit the ball out of the ballpark. He's done it all.”
Going into Monday, Headley had a slash line of .410/.531/.615 with two homers, 11 runs and three stolen bases. He had 16 hits by April 16; last year, he didn't have that many until May 11. He hit .150 with no extra-base hits in April 2016.
“It's the complete opposite of the way the year started last year, so it's great to see,” Girardi said. “We remember the struggles he went through last year and how hard it was.”
Judge making marked improvements
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Girardi said he can see how Aaron Judge has tweaked his game in an effort to improve from last year.
“It's a lot different,” Girardi said of Judge, who hit his team-leading fourth home run Monday night, a two-run shot, and drove in three runs. He's hitting .275.
“Much more consistent contact. I think [he's] ready to hit early in counts a lot of the time, into his legs more, mechanically more sound, and he's impacting the baseball, I think, more often. That's a lot of differences, but that's how I'd sum it up.”
Extra bases
Greg Bird, who went 3-for-3 Sunday after starting his season 1-for-26, was held out of the starting lineup Monday night against White Sox lefty Derek Holland. “We feel that he's an everyday player,” Girardi said. “Holland is tough on lefties. I mean, really, really tough. We got as many righties as we could in there.” . . . Adam Warren walked Tyler Saladino with two outs in the seventh inning, snapping a streak of 22 straight batters retired to start the season. He gave up a hit to Melky Cabrera to lead off the eighth before erasing him on a double play . . . Before the game, Brett Gardner was presented the 2016 Wilson Defensive Player of the Year award for leftfielders . . . The Yankees traded Triple-A reliever Johnny Barbato to the Pirates for a player to be named or cash.
The coaching carousel could have an impact on which teams from outside the five major conferences have the most success this season.
Western Michigan of the Mid-American Conference had an undefeated regular season in 2016, while Houston won the American Athletic Conference and upset Florida State in the Peach Bowl two years ago. Both teams are breaking in new coaches now that P.J. Fleck went from Western Michigan to Minnesota , and Texas hired Tom Herman away from Houston .
Herman replaces Charlie Strong, who was fired from Texas but landed at South Florida and now runs perhaps the nation's strongest “Group of Five” team.
Strong inherits a veteran roster that went 11-2 last season.
“They know how to work and they come out here with the (right) mindset,” Strong said. “After winning 11 games, that even helps more because now they understand what the target is and they understand they need to come out each and every day and just go to work.”
The Group of Five refers to conferences that aren't part of the Power Five (the Atlantic Coast Conference, Big Ten, Big 12, Pac-12 and Southeastern Conference). It includes Conference USA, the MAC, the Mountain West and the Sun Belt, as well as the American Athletic Conference.
A closer look at some of the top Group of Five teams heading into the season:
APPALACHIAN STATE
The Mountaineers have gone a combined 21-5 the last two seasons and won bowl games each of those years. Appalachian State returns Jalin Moore, who rushed for 1,402 yards last season and was named the Sun Belt's offensive player of the year. The Mountaineers also have an experienced quarterback in Taylor Lamb. After taking Tennessee to overtime in its 2016 season opener , Appalachian State kicks off this season by visiting Georgia.
BOISE STATE
The Broncos probably rank below defending league champion San Diego State in the Mountain West pecking order heading into the season, but the return of quarterback Brett Rypien should assure the Broncos remain competitive. Rypien threw for 3,646 yards with 24 touchdown passes and eight interceptions last season. Nose tackle David Moa is coming off an 8 ½-sack season.
MEMPHIS
Riley Ferguson and Anthony Miller give Memphis one of the nation's most dynamic pass-catch combinations. Ferguson threw a school-record 32 touchdown passes last year, while Miller had 95 catches for 1,434 yards. Memphis went a combined 12-48 from 2009-13 but now has posted three straight winning seasons and enters 2017 as the favorite in the American Athletic Conference West Division. A Sept. 16 home game with UCLA should provide a good measuring stick.
SAN DIEGO STATE
Each of the last two seasons, San Diego State has gone 11-3 while winning a bowl game and the Mountain West title. The Aztecs are favored to win a third straight conference championship this year. San Diego State has an exceptional running back and kick returner in Rashaad Penny. San Diego State visits Arizona State and hosts Stanford on consecutive September weekends.
SOUTH FLORIDA
The Bulls lost coach Willie Taggart to Oregon after going 11-2 last season, but they bring back quarterback Quinton Flowers. Last season, Flowers became the first player from any FBS program in the state of Florida to have 2,000 yards passing and 1,000 yards rushing in the same year. He rushed for 1,530 yards and averaged 7.7 yards per carry. USF could be favored in every game it plays this season. Its only matchup with a Power Five team is a home game with Illinois.
TOLEDO
The Rockets certainly should have an explosive offense. Logan Woodside returns after throwing 45 touchdown passes to lead all FBS players last season. The Rockets also bring back Cody Thompson and Jon'Vea Johnson, who combined for 21 touchdown catches a year ago. They helped Toledo go 9-4 last season. Toledo's veteran roster features 13 players who already have earned their degrees. Its schedule includes a Sept. 23 trip to Miami.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
___
Follow Steve Megargee at www.twitter.com/stevemegargee
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
By Peter Armaly
Learning seems like a straightforward proposition. You want to achieve something; let's call that something A. To achieve A, you need to understand, and make use of, some other important thing; let's call it B. Once you learn how B works, you can use that knowledge to accomplish A.
Pretty clear, right? Sure – until something muddies the water (i.e. time, money or other people).
Think of it another way. If there was a world where time, money, and other people didn't matter, you'd be able to architect and build your own suspension bridge. The bridge would be A. However, to build the bridge, you need to know algebra and understand parabolas, which, even though you didn't realize it in high school, offer important guidance for suspension bridges. Parabolas would be B. If you get them wrong, then, well, the bridge won't work. It won't suspend. So, you probably shouldn't attempt to architect a suspension bridge until you first understand algebra. That's also a good cautionary tale for the world of business software.
Charging for Education
For decades, vendors have offered product information to help their customers learn to properly leverage the solutions they've purchased. More often than not, though, vendors charged customers for the information. After all, the vendor had made a considerable investment to create and deliver material, so they felt that they'd want to recoup the costs (and maybe even squeak out some profit in the process). That approach made it more difficult for customers to to learn “algebra” and achieving A was that much harder.
We heard this loud and clear (not the algebra part) in our Voice of the Customer program. Our customers told us that fee-based education was slowing their teams' ability to adopt solutions. We like to think we're bright people, and so it wasn't hard for us to imagine where that story could end.
Cloud Sometimes Presents an Off-Ramp
As with so many other aspects of modern business, the cloud has upended that traditional vendor approach. Rapid onboarding and customer enablement are now seen as far more important than recouping costs (with apologies to CFOs everywhere for that blanket statement). Cost pressures have forced a shift in preferences to cloud-based, in-the-moment education. The shift is significant, and it's borne out in studies, such as this one from the research firm Software Advice. Retaining customers is a key board-level cloud metric for vendors and to retain customers requires that they be successful in the pursuit of their own goals. A straighter line has never existed, as one does now, between customer solution knowledge and higher rates of retention and growth. That's why education has become one of the great enablers of a customer's ability to be successful in the cloud. It's understood that you can't easily achieve A without being able first to consume B.
Oracle's Exciting New Learning Platform
That's also why Oracle has introduced a free digital learning platform designed to help customers take advantage of Oracle Cloud Applications. Called Oracle Launchpad, the goal is to assist our customers in achieving their business goals. Providing knowledge, not just information, is a plank in our customer success strategy and one we anticipate will help our customers realize a faster time to value. The onus is on us to clear the path as much as we can for our customers as they pursue their goals.
Read more about what the press thinks of our new strategy here, here, and here.
Source:: http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/itsallaboutrevenue/~3/rfnhEUa2Zew/why-learning-is-now-the-hot-word-in-customer-enablement
By Alana Cerrone
acerrone@abc6.com
@Alana_Cerrone
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (WLNE) -- The iconic 'Nibbles Woodaway' will be re-painted on Thursday.
He was vandalized last week. Folks at The Big Blue Bug Solutions say never in the 40 years that the bug's been up there have they had this happen.
"I said ugh are you kidding me - we were really shocked by it."
Tony DeJesus got wind of the vandalism early that morning. He says it must have happened in the overnight by at least two very daring culprits who had to climb to the top of the roof, and then to the top of nibbles.
The bug itself is raised up off the roof over 12 feet.
The vandals painted on both sides of the bug's head near his eyes. It seems to show initials too.
The graffiti is visible from the highway for all Nibbles' passers-by to see. That's why the company wants to get rid of it as soon as possible.
© WLNE-TV 2017
Small-company stocks fell more than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 index sank 10 points, or 0.7 percent, to 1,416. That suggests investors are worried about the economy, which could have an outsize effect on smaller, domestically-focused companies.
More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange. The S&P 500, Dow and Russell all closed at record highs Tuesday. The Nasdaq isn't far from the record it set last week, but it was hit particularly hard by the steep sell-off in technology companies Friday and Monday.
RETAIL SALES: The Commerce Department said people spent less money at gas stations, department stores and electronics retailers last month. The result was a surprise to analysts, who expected sales to grow. Video game seller GameStop gave up 63 cents, or 2.9 percent, to $21.35 and department store chain Kohl's dropped 87 cents, or 2.3 percent, to $37.17. Foot Locker declined $1.10, or 2 percent, to $54.
Elsewhere, the Labor Department said consumer prices slipped, mostly thanks to lower energy prices. That showed how little inflation there has been in the economy, a continued concern for Federal Reserve policymakers.
REACTION: Bond prices jumped and yields fell to their lowest level since November. Concerned about weak growth, investors bought bonds and high-yield stocks. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.12 percent from 2.21 percent. Utilities and household goods makers climbed.
Cereal maker General Mills rose 74 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $58.91 and PepsiCo advanced $1.52, or 1.3 percent, to $117.84. NextEra Energy, the parent of Florida Power & Light, jumped $1.42, or 1 percent, to $141.37 and American Water Works rose 93 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $81.11.
Banks fell. The drop in bond yields sent interest rates lower, which reduces the profits banks can make from mortgages and other loans. Citizens Financial dropped 98 cents, or 2.7 percent, to $35.90 and Lincoln National lost $1.49, or 2.3 percent, to $67.06.
COMMODITIES: Oil futures plunged after the U.S. government gave its weekly update on fuel stockpiles. The Energy Information Administration said oil supplies shrank slightly and gasoline stockpiles grew last week. Benchmark U.S. crude fell $1.67, or 3.6 percent, to $44.80 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, shed $1.66, or 3.4 percent, to $47.06 a barrel in London.
Exxon Mobil lost $1.09, or 1.3 percent, to $81.87 and Halliburton sank $1.37, or 3 percent, to $44.47.
FED WATCH: The Federal Reserve is expected to raise interest rates Wednesday afternoon. That would be the third increase since December. But Wall Street is attuned to signs of weaker economic growth, and the combination of sluggish growth and high interest rates, which slow the economy down, may have worried investors.
CURRENCY: The dollar slid to 109.18 yen from 109.96 yen. The euro jumped to $1.1267 from $1.1212.
THE REAL WORLD: Real estate investment trusts also traded higher. That was partly because investors bought them for their hefty dividend payments and partly because they were hoping for deals. Reuters reported Wednesday that Brookdale Senior Living could be acquired by Zhongzhong Zhuoe Group. Brookdale, which is not itself a real estate investment trust, jumped $1.12, or 8 percent, to $15.19.
Senior housing and health care REIT Welltower gained 42 cents to $74.56 and senior housing REIT Ventas picked up 62 cents to $68.88. Among other real estate companies, wireless communication tower company Crown Castle International gained 69 cents to $101.87.
BLOCK PARTY: Tax preparer H&R Block posted a bigger profit than analysts expected as well as slightly stronger sales. Its shares climbed $2.45, or 9.1 percent, to $29.44.
Residents in Milngavie are warning people not to feed the ducks with bread on Tannoch Loch because it causes a variety of problems.
Laura Gilchrist, who enjoys seeing the birds when she visits the loch, said: “After chatting with a woman I found out that they have lost three of their cygnets this spring due to people feeding them bread, and it has come to my attention that people are not aware of the problems it causes.
“Not only does it make the ducks ill, it also pollutes the water.
“As we are coming into summer now, there will be a lot of people out feeding the ducks.
“It would be good to let people know of the alternatives to bread such as oats, corn and swan and duck food pellets which can be bought in the garden centre.”
Some other foods suitable for ducks include cracked corn, wheat, barley or similar grains, oats (uncooked; rolled or quick), rice (cooked or uncooked) milo seed, birdseed (any type or mix) or grapes (cut in half or quartered).
HALIFAX - A Nova Scotia member of the Senate says the time may be right to re-examine the possibility of creating a Mi'kmaq seat in the provincial legislature.
Dan Christmas, who was appointed to Ottawa's Upper Chamber as a non-partisan senator last fall, said he thinks relations between the provincial government and Mik'maq First Nations have improved since the idea was first brought forward in the late 1980s.
The Liberal government announced prior to the May 30 election that it had formed an independent commission to consult Acadians and African Nova Scotians on effective electoral representation and also pledged to create a separate electoral boundary commission in late January of next year.
Christmas believes the process could provide an opportunity if there is support for the idea by the Mi'kmaq.
"It's still an open issue," said Christmas. "It's unresolved and if the province is going to hold meetings again then perhaps that can be considered again."
Christmas, who had previously served as senior adviser to Membertou's band council since 1997, admits the issue has been a quiet among First Nations representatives, but he said he doesn't necessarily see that as disinterest.
"I suspect that's a good sign because it sort of indicates that the relationship between the Mik'maq and the province is good, it's strong and it's productive," he said.
Christmas said the idea of some sort of Mi'kmaq representation in the legislature originated with some provincial parliamentarians who wanted to try to improve relations strained by a variety of issues, including those raised by the 1989 Marshall Inquiry. A Royal Commission eventually exonerated Donald Marshall Jr. in 1990, and determined systemic racism had contributed to his wrongful imprisonment for a murder in 1971.
The political effort resulted in an addition to the Nova Scotia House of Assembly Act that declares the "intention" of the House to include a Mik'maq representative as a member to "sit in a manner and upon terms agreed to and approved by representatives."
"The idea was reviewed and was considered by the Mi'kmaq, but it didn't get a very broad base of support at the time," Christmas said. "People couldn't see the benefit that this would have for Mi'kmaq people."
Christmas said he believes much as changed in provincial-aboriginal relations since 1989 and reviving the idea of some sort of representation could hold some appeal, although the role of a Mi'kmaq member would have to be determined.
"That's never been really truly resolved," he said. "It's not to say we can't revisit it, but at this point there are still some questions to be answered."
Last month's provincial election saw a bid by Eskasoni First Nation member Trevor Sanipass to become the first Mi'kmaq elected to the legislature.
The NDP candidate placed a strong third in the riding of Waverley-Fall River-Beaver Bank.
Following his election loss Sanipass said he hoped his candidacy would inspire other members of the Mi'kmaq community to run for political office.
Some women, and men, worry the same climate that's emboldening women to speak up about sexual misconduct could backfire by making some men wary of female colleagues.
Forget private meetings and get-to-know-you dinners. Beware of banter. Think twice before a high-ranking man mentors a young female staffer.
"I have already heard the rumblings of a backlash: 'This is why you shouldn't hire women,'" Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg wrote in a recent post .
"So much good is happening to fix workplaces right now. Let's make sure it does not have the unintended consequence of holding women back," said Sandberg, author of the working women's manifesto "Lean In."
Ana Quincoces, a Miami-based attorney and entrepreneur who owns her own food line, says her business and its success involves working mostly with men, and sales and other activities are often concluded over lunch or drinks. Those opportunities, she says, are dwindling, because many of the men she knows through her business "are terrified."
"There's a feeling of this wall that wasn't there that is suddenly up because they don't know what's appropriate anymore — it's disconcerting," Quincoces said. "I feel that they're more careful, more formal in their relationships with co-workers. And I can't say I blame them, because what's happened is pervasive. Every day there's a new accusation."
She said many of the men she knows are now avoiding one-on-one social occasions that were normal in the past.
"This is going to trickle down into all industries. ... It's going to become the new normal," Quincoces said. "It's a good thing because women are not afraid anymore, but on the other side, it's a slippery slope."
Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox daily. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Americans were already edgy about male-female encounters at work: A New York Times/Morning Consult poll of 5,300 men and women last spring found almost two-thirds thought workers should be extra careful around opposite-sex colleagues, and around a quarter thought private work meetings between men and women were inappropriate.
But in a season of outcry over sexual misconduct, some men are suddenly wondering whether they can compliment a female colleague or ask about her weekend. Even a now-former female adviser to the head of Pennsylvania's Democratic Party suggested on Facebook that men would stop talking to women altogether because of what she portrayed as overblown sexual misconduct claims.
Certain managers are considering whether to make sure they're never alone with a staffer, despite the complications of adding a third person in situations like performance reviews, says Philippe Weiss, who runs the Chicago-based consultancy Seyfarth Shaw at Work.
Philadelphia employment lawyer Jonathan Segal says some men are declaring they'll just shut people out of their offices, rather than risk exchanges that could be misconstrued.
"The avoidance issue is my biggest concern, because the marginalization of women in the business world is at least as big a problem as harassment," Segal says. A recent report involving 222 North American companies found the percentage of women drops from 47 percent at the entry level to 20 percent in the C suite.
Vice President Mike Pence has long said he doesn't have one-on-one meals with any woman except his wife and wants her by his side anywhere alcohol is served, as part of the couple's commitment to prioritizing their marriage. The guidelines have "been a blessing to us," the Republican told Christian Broadcasting Network News in an interview this month.
Employment attorneys caution that it can be problematic to curb interactions with workers because of their gender, if the practice curtails their professional opportunities. W. Brad Johnson, a co-author of a book encouraging male mentors for women, says limiting contact sends a troubling message.
"If I were unwilling to have an individual conversation with you because of your gender, I'm communicating 'you're unreliable; you're a risk,'" says Johnson, a U.S. Naval Academy psychology professor.
Jessica Proud, a communications professional and Republican political consultant in New York City, said it would be wrong if this national "day of reckoning" over sexual misconduct resulted in some men deciding not to hire, mentor or work with women. She recalled a campaign she worked on where she was told she couldn't travel with the candidate because of how it might look.
"I'm a professional, he's a professional. Why should my career experience be limited?" she said. "That's just as insulting in a lot of ways."
In an era of localized conflicts without clear front lines, jihad-mobiles equipped with anti-tank guns and IEDs, the idea of large tank armies facing off along vast fronts has become a thing of the past. Rossiya Segodnya journalist Andrei Stanavov takes an exclusive look at how modern warfare has changed Russian thinking on the use of armor.
To get better acquainted with Russia's tank doctrine, Stanavov visited the Pogonovo test range in Russia's Voronezh Region to observe tactical exercises by the 20th Guards Combined Arms Army, armed with T-72s of various modifications. The units' tanks include the T-72B3, an upgraded T-72 with a new main gun, digital fire control system, more powerful engine and advanced dynamic protection kit.
For training purposes, the older T-72s are often sufficient. "The main advantage of the T-72 family is the tanks' exceptional reliability and trouble-free operation even in the most difficult operating conditions – in heat, extreme cold, and high humidity. If the tank breaks, it can be repaired directly in the field," Stanavov wrote.
Tank Carousel
"This maneuver is called the 'tank carousel', " tank company commander Captain Roman Schegolev told the journalist amid the tanks' maneuvers.
"It allows us to fire over an unlimited time period. There can be three, six, nine or more machines. They move uninterrupted in a circular motion, one pummeling the enemy, the other moving to the rear and reloading, the third preparing to enter firing position, and so on. Non-stop shooting; just make to feed the shells," the officer explained.
© Sputnik / Dmitry Korobeinikov Real Reason Iraq's 35th Mechanized Brigade Swapped Abrams Tanks for T-90s
"In contrast to the Americans' Abrams, our tanks have one important advantage – an automatic loader, which significantly increases the rate of fire," Schegolev added.
"The carousel could be compared to the rotating drum of a revolver," Stanavov explained. "Only instead of cartridges there are tanks, and instead of bullets – powerful 125-mm shells. The scheme is used when it is unknown what kind of armament the enemy has at his disposal – tanks, anti-tank guided missiles (ATGMs) or grenade launchers."
© Sputnik / Andrey Stanavov Т-72B1 firing at the Pogonovo test range.
Intense, sustained blanketing fire of between 8-10 rounds per minute eventually forces the enemy to respond, revealing their concealed positions, Schegolev noted.
"Imagine tanks shooting for ten, twenty, thirty minutes at a time without a break," the officer explained. "On the other side they will break down and open return fire, revealing their armament. Then our disguised sniper tanks with specially trained crews step into action. They quickly and efficiently strike the identified targets."
Syrian School
© Sputnik / Hikmet Durgun FSA Rebel Units Join Syrian Army to Fight Daesh, Nusra Terrorists - Russian MoD
Localized conflicts, including the war in Syria, demonstrate that the classical tank warfare idea of positional defense and offensives are irrelevant in conditions of irregular warfare, Stanavov noted. "In Syria, militants don't bother with planning strategic offensives and drawing arrows on operational maps, but rather adhere to the mobile tactics of guerilla warfare – guessing the strength of government positions, rushing in on high-speed jihad-mobiles, making precise strikes and quickly disappearing."
In Syria, the journalist explained, the tank carousel has been a particularly effective tactic during the Syrian Army's operations in the country's geographic conditions of earthen and sand parapets. Here, tanks can move along the parapet and, when they reach an opening, shoot, quickly concealing themselves back behind the embankment. So long as they remain in constant motion, it becomes almost impossible to aim at or hit them. Furthermore, to deceive the enemy, the commander can choose which opening to fire from at random, giving the impression there are more tanks deployed than in reality. Openings can be created using engineering equipment, and if necessary, by the crew itself.
© Sputnik / Mikhail Voskresenskiy The crew of a T-72 tank of the 10th Division, 2nd Corps of the Syrian Arab Army are on combat alert off Katana, Damascus Province
"The scheme works even with a small amount of tanks," Schegolev said. A single tank platoon can achieve an intensity of fire so high that the enemy will think there is at least a battalion attacking it."
Tank Trousers
Another tactic explained by Schegolev is the idea of 'tank trousers', which involves tanks alternating fire between two trenches, without staying in one position for more than a few seconds. The tank enters the trench, fires, kicks into reverse and moves to the next. Enemy anti-tank weapons don't have time to react.
Along with the carousel, tanks can operate in pairs, crosswise, or according to seemingly completely random patterns. "These operations are rather complicated, and require a high level of crew training, Senior Lieutenant Vladislav Seliverstov said. "We are constantly training, with at least two shooting drills and one driving one each week."
MBT Howitzers
In addition to move and shoot maneuvers, the 20th Guards Combined Arms Army trains honing their skills in firing from a closed firing position – a tactic invented during the Great Patriotic War. "With the advent of new long-range tank guns and stabile in-flight ammunition, this tactic has acquired particular urgency," Stanavov explained. It allows for plunging fire by tanks, effectively turning them into a sort of howitzer.
"Our shells are very stable in flight, so this technique allows us to inflict maximum damage on the enemy at a very long range," Senior Lieutenant Seliverstov explained. "The enemy does not actually see the tanks, which means he cannot suppress them with traditional means – recoilless guns, ATGMS and grenade launchers. Only long-range artillery and aviation, which need time to deploy, will do any good. But time is not something the enemy will get; the tanks come in, shoot and leave."
© Sputnik / Andrey Stanavov Т-72B1 maneuvering at the Pogonovo test range.
Russian tankmen have honed the skill of their plunging fire considerably; at a distance of 8 kilometers, high explosive shells hit within 15-20 meters of their target. Accuracy is further improved by modern equipment present on the T-72B3s, including the Sosna-U sight, digital ballistics computer, sensors for wind and temperature conditions and an automatic target tracking system which takes account of the movement of the target and the tank itself. At night, guidance devices operate using the main sight's thermal imagining system. "The thermal imager is so powerful that one winter I saw a hare in it from a distance of 2 kilometers," Seliverstov noted.
Crew Makes All the Difference
According to Schegolev, the most important principle in Russian tank crew training is forming a tight-knit unit which understands one another at an intuitive level. "We immediately look at who works with whom and how. If we see that the gunner and tank commander have found a common language, we put them in one crew and test their firing. The difference between a tight-knit team and a green, unfamiliar one is like heaven and earth," he stressed.
"In any case, no matter how modern and well-equipped a tank may be, it remains only a tool, whose combat effectiveness depends on the skill and cohesion of its crew…If in one crew's hands the tank is just a comfortable target for an enemy, in another's it can be an elusive, deadly machine," Stanavov concluded.
India's leading Facilities Management Service Company- TGH Lifestyle Services Pvt. Ltd (TGH) has launched MyGenie App for providing quality concierge services in the Indian residential market, taking care of all home services and maintenance needs.
MyGenie is a free business app and can be downloaded both from Android and iOS play store as well as having state of the art backend technology platform and a web interface with a presence in 10 cities across India. All services can be availed 24×7 through the appended links :
Android: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=in.co.tghorbit
IOS: https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/tgh-mygenie/id1344958002?mt=8
The MyGenie App enhances users' engagement & increases their productivity by taking care of their personal and public needs. TGH aims to redefine the benchmark to provide quality services in the Indian residential market. Expert team of TGH Lifestyle Services Pvt. Ltd professionals ensure that customers can place their requests from anywhere and anytime.
Ms. Ritu Grover, CEO, TGH Lifestyle Services Pvt. Ltd, at the occasion, stated, “I am truly pleased to announce the launch of MyGenie App. It will enable us to reach a wider market and cater to the demands of the residential markets in India. By taking care of people's day-to-day needs TGH Lifestyle Services Pvt. Ltd is geared to offer customized and world-class concierge services to customers in India. The app provides day to day services at a cost of click and convenience at home”.
MyGenie specializes in offering services ranging from basic errands to specialized requests with complex documentation and is a personal assistant taking care of you from pin to plane, for instance banking work, courier and post office works, hand deliveries, flower deliveries, holiday planning, utility bill payments, entertainment, repair services, passport and travel, birth certificates, marriage registration, RTO works to meeting all odds and Ends (from Key duplication, dry cleaning, spectacle repair, restaurant reservation, arranging medicines & gas connection etc.).
About TGH Lifestyle Services Pvt. Ltd (TGH):
An ISO 9001:2015 certified and one of the oldest players in Facility Management, ‘TGH Lifestyle Services Pvt. Ltd (TGH)', is a well established lifestyle company founded by Ms Ritu Grover back in 1998. TGH is a 19 year old company, a well established brand already providing end to end concierge solutions to over One Million happy employees in 350 medium and large corporations through its 10 offices across India. The company manages day to day operations of its esteemed clients such as RBS, KPMG, DELL, EY, PwC, Pepsico, McKinsey, Ericsson, Microsoft, Airtel, HSBC and the likes.
TGH offers a complete range of facilities management services, from property consultancy to day-to-day operations for an organization. While working from within the customers' organizations, the expert team of Global Helpdesk professionals takes care of the company's facilities management needs so that it can focus on its core business. TGH serves more than 350 corporate houses through its 10 offices across India. For further details, please visit http://www.tgh.co.in/
Cayman swimmers are tearing it up at the 2017 CARIFTA Championships, adding to their 13 medal performance from day one with 12 more medals on day two, this time with 6 gold, 5 silver and 1 bronze, giving them 25 medals in total.
Cayman now has 8 gold, 8 silver and 9 bronze medals for the entire CARIFTA Championships with two more days of competition to go.
Here are all the winners from day two:
50m Butterfly
11-12 Boys Corey Frederick-Westerborg SILVER
100m Backstroke
11-12 Girls Avery Lambert GOLD
15-17 Girls Lauren Hew GOLD
100m Backstroke
11-12 Girls Avery Lambert GOLD
15-17 Girls Lauren Hew GOLD
200m Freestyle
11-12 Girls Avery Lambert SILVER
11-12 Boys Corey Frederick-Westerborg GOLD
13-14 Girls Alison Jackson GOLD
13-14 Boys Zachary Moore SILVER
15-17 Girls Lauren Hew GOLD
400M IM
11-12 Girls Avery Lambert SILVER
13-14 Girls Sabine Ellison SILVER
15-17 Boys Eddie Weber tied BRONZE
4 X 100M MEDLEY RELAY
11-12 Girls: Avery Lambert, Sophie Ellison, Stephanie Royston, Raya Embury-Brown GOLD
Here are all the times and results from day two:
APRIL 16 – DAY TWO – PRELIMS 200M Freestyle NAME SEED TIME FINAL TIME 11.-12 Female Avery Lambert 2.15.27 2.13.88 SILVER Male Corey Frederick-Westerborg 2.10.35 2.08.96 GOLD 13-14 Female Ria Plunkett 2.15.27 2.14.51 4TH Alison Jackson 2.14.31 2.11.57 GOLD Male Zachary Moore 2.06.07 2.03.95 SILVER 15-17 Female Lauren Hew 2.11.70 2.05.98 GOLD Samantha Bailey 2.13.96 2.15.61 8TH Male Eddie Weber 2.00.04 50M Butterfly NAME SEED TIME FINAL TIME 11.-12 Male Corey Frederick-Westerborg 29.26 28.81 SILVER 100M Backstroke NAME SEED TIME FINAL TIME 11.-12 Female Avery Lambert 1.13.07 1.11.63 GOLD 13-14 Female Alison Jackson 1.12.13 1.11.59 7TH Male Zachary Moore 1.05.07 1.05.55 5TH 15-17 Female Lauren Hew 1.05.94 1.05.98 GOLD 400M IM NAME SEED TIME FINAL TIME 11.-12 Female Stephanie Royston 5.43.74 5.38.01 4TH Avery Lambert 5.49.71 5.28.72 SILVER Male Finn Bishop 5.33.60 5.32.90 7TH Jackson Haywood-Crouch 5.46.90 5.49.05 11TH 13-14 Female Ria Plunkett 5.23.13 5.33.52 7TH Sabine Ellison 5.26.79 5.20.51 SILVER Male Jake Bailey 5.20.76 5.12.97 7TH 15-17 Female Samantha Bailey 5.14.07 5.19.72 4TH Male John Bodden 4.51.81 5.05.71 10TH Eddie Weber 4.57.82 4.49.19. TIED BRONZE 4 x 100M Medley Relay NAME SEED TIME FINAL TIME 11.-12 Female Avery Lambert 4.55.03 GOLD Sophie Ellison Stephanie Royston Raya Embury-Brown Male Stefano Bonati 4.52.04 6TH Corey Frederick-Westerborg Finn Bishop Jackson Haywood-Crouch 13-14 Female Emily Link 4.42.95 4TH Sabine Ellison Holly Stradling Alison Jackson Male Zachary Moore 4.41.44 7TH Jake Bailey Jordan Crooks Ethan Smith 15-17 Female Lauren Hew 4.41.70 5TH Ella Plunkett Samantha Bailey Sarah Jackson
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
New Delhi: Worried over "lack of coordination" among different security agencies, the Home Ministry has asked them to chalk out plans for a joint offensive against terror financing and money laundering.
The issue was discussed threadbare at a high-level meeting, convened by Union home secretary Rajiv Mehrishi, and attended by representatives of the Intelligence Bureau, NIA, CBI, besides others.
"The government is worried over lack of coordination. It wants better coordination among different agencies and joint action against terror financing and money laundering," an official privy to the development said.
The move came as part of the mandate of Paris- headquartered Financial Action Task Force (FATF), an inter- governmental body.
The objectives of the FATF are to set standards and promote effective implementation of legal, regulatory and operational measures for combating money laundering, terror financing and other related threats to the integrity of the international financial system.
Two design forces have come together to curate a limited-edition collection of vintage pieces for the home.
Vanessa Traina, executive creative director of the holding company Assembled Brands, and online home decor marketplace DECASO, or the Decorative Arts Society, worked together to put together a collection of more than 60 vintage finds from 15 Los Angeles dealers, including Antique Rug Co., AW Gallery, Dana. John, Den Mobler, East Meets West Antiques, Gallery Girasole, Lumfardo, JW, Paul Marra, Pasadena Art Monkeys, Reform, Rewire, Robert Kuo, Susanne Hollis and UnHeim.
The pieces will be on sale through Oct. 19 at The Apartment by the Line — Los Angeles on Melrose Place.
“It just makes a world of sense for us,” Traina said of the partnership. “We were really looking to give as much attention to our interior community as our fashion community with The Line being a lifestyle brand. DECASO's marketplace and selection of goods is so vast. It was a great opportunity to do something with a lot of local vendors and a really great and interesting experience to work with vendors that aren't in our immediate network and take pieces that we wouldn't necessarily have had in The Line and show them in a different light.”
The collection ranges from a Twenties Art Deco vanity to Aldo Tura bar cart among many other items spanning from decor to furniture.
“I took the same approach that I do with the store and with our home and fashion goods — just anything that I was drawn to or attracted to,” Traina said of how she approached the process of creating the assortment. “I didn't approach it with one particular aesthetic in mind. Obviously, within the context of The Line, the pieces that we have there been very unified in their aesthetic. If you take those pieces out and put them in another home, they're given a new life and that's what's so interesting about this partnership.”
Traina opened her concept shop in Los Angeles in 2015, which gave the brand a presence on both sides of the country. For now, she said, she's content with that door count saying business is going well for both stores.
“I don't think we have plans at the moment to open any permanent locations,” she said. “We have done two pop-up shops, which were wonderful experiences for us. It's a pretty big undertaking to open permanent retail stores and we're very happy being represented on each coast and there isn't an obvious place to open a third location at the moment, but we're definitely not closed off to the idea.”
For More West Coast News in WWD:
Joe's Jeans Aims to Crack Fit Code With New Tech
Peter Lowy Talks Building a Portfolio of Flagships
Amazon Books Makes Way to Westfield Century City
Related Coverage Pipe bomb strapped to man explodes in NYC subway, injuring 4
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH)– As a precautionary measure following the attempted terror attack in New York City on Monday, there's stepped up security at Union Station in New Haven.
Four people were injured when a pipe bomb detonated in the subway near Times Square. The suspect, 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, has been taken into custody.
Tammy May said, “It is very scary but we are always on high alert living close to New York City.”
Diane Delena added, “I'm terrified.”
Sam Tucker told News 8, “It's shocking. It is scary. But I guess you really don't know how to react.”
Adding to the layers of security, MTA Police, Amtrak officers and bomb-sniffing dogs are making sure the station is safe for travelers.
Leann Harmon said, “Dogs are fabulous. Dogs find things people would never find.”
Original Story: Pipe bomb strapped to man explodes in NYC subway, injuring 4
Delena told News 8 she was in New York this morning when the explosion happened. She added, “I found out about it when I got on the train and this young man said [it] to me. I was like, ‘Wow. I usually go out of Grand Central but today I went out of 125.'”
Those who just got back from New York City noticed the high security measures at tourist hot spots.
Harmon added, “There was a serious military presence. The streets were blocked off. I think they are doing everything they can do.”
Lisa Magliochetti said, “It is what it is. It makes us feel more secure. We live in a different world than when we were younger.”
Those planning on visiting New York and using public transportation say they're paying close attention to their surroundings.
Harmon added, “I think people have to pay attention to who is around them and they really do have to speak up and say, like, ‘I see that person looks a bit bulkier than they should,' and pay attention to what's around you and tell people.”
Tammy May added, “We have to keep going and we want to enjoy the holiday season and enjoy New York City and we are going to continue to do so.”
By The Associated Press
All Times EST AMERICAN CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA New England 10 2 0 .833 348 223 Buffalo 7 6 0 .538 240 290 Miami 5 7 0 .417 209 298 N.Y. Jets 5 8 0 .385 266 311 South W L T Pct PF PA Jacksonville 9 4 0 .692 329 202 Tennessee 8 5 0 .615 273 294 Houston 4 9 0 .308 312 335 Indianapolis 3 10 0 .231 212 343 North W L T Pct PF PA Pittsburgh 10 2 0 .833 281 213 Baltimore 7 5 0 .583 280 207 Cincinnati 5 8 0 .385 226 271 Cleveland 0 13 0 .000 197 335 West W L T Pct PF PA Kansas City 7 6 0 .538 329 289 L.A. Chargers 7 6 0 .538 298 225 Oakland 6 7 0 .462 264 304 Denver 4 9 0 .308 229 315 NATIONAL CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA Philadelphia 10 2 0 .833 361 215 Dallas 7 6 0 .538 316 294 Washington 5 8 0 .385 285 344 N.Y. Giants 2 11 0 .154 199 321 South W L T Pct PF PA New Orleans 9 4 0 .692 370 263 Carolina 9 4 0 .692 300 262 Atlanta 8 5 0 .615 294 261 Tampa Bay 4 9 0 .308 264 312 North W L T Pct PF PA Minnesota 10 3 0 .769 309 235 Detroit 7 6 0 .538 338 329 Green Bay 7 6 0 .538 285 302 Chicago 4 9 0 .308 224 274 West W L T Pct PF PA L.A. Rams 9 3 0 .750 361 222 Seattle 8 5 0 .615 314 252 Arizona 6 7 0 .462 231 317 San Francisco 3 10 0 .231 228 314
___
Thursday's Games
Atlanta 20, New Orleans 17
Sunday's Games
Dallas 30, N.Y. Giants 10
Carolina 31, Minnesota 24
Chicago 33, Cincinnati 7
Kansas City 26, Oakland 15
Detroit 24, Tampa Bay 21
Buffalo 13, Indianapolis 7, OT
Green Bay 27, Cleveland 21, OT
San Francisco 26, Houston 16
Denver 23, N.Y. Jets 0
Arizona 12, Tennessee 7
L.A. Chargers 30, Washington 13
Jacksonville 30, Seattle 24
Philadelphia at L.A. Rams, 4:25 p.m.
Baltimore at Pittsburgh, 8:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
New England at Miami, 8:30 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 14
Denver at Indianapolis, 8:25 p.m.
Saturday, Dec. 16
Chicago at Detroit, 4:30 p.m.
L.A. Chargers at Kansas City, 8:25 p.m.
Sunday, Dec. 17
Philadelphia at N.Y. Giants, 1 p.m.
Cincinnati at Minnesota, 1 p.m.
Houston at Jacksonville, 1 p.m.
Arizona at Washington, 1 p.m.
N.Y. Jets at New Orleans, 1 p.m.
Miami at Buffalo, 1 p.m.
Green Bay at Carolina, 1 p.m.
Baltimore at Cleveland, 1 p.m.
L.A. Rams at Seattle, 4:05 p.m.
New England at Pittsburgh, 4:25 p.m.
Tennessee at San Francisco, 4:25 p.m.
Dallas at Oakland, 8:30 p.m.
Monday, Dec. 18
Atlanta at Tampa Bay, 8:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Islamabad: Pakistan Army chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa has lashed out at the US for carrying out drone strikes "unilaterally" on a militant hideout in the tribal Orakzai Agency.
"Unilateral actions, like drone strike, etc., are counterproductive and against (the) spirit of ... ongoing cooperation and intelligence-sharing being diligently undertaken by Pakistan," the Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) on Thursday quoted Gen Bajwa as saying.
"Pakistan Army is capable of taking effective measure if actionable intelligence is shared," Gen Bajwa said, referring to Tuesday`s drone strike in the Spin Thall area of Orakzai Agency adjacent to North Waziristan Agency.
According to media reports, a US drone fired two missiles at a compound, killing two suspected militants, including a leader of the Haqqani network, Abubakar.
Gen Bajwa on Wednesday said the army would continue its efforts to consolidate gains achieved thus far and added that the army stood with all other institutions to get Pakistan rid of menaces retarding its progress and prosperity.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
A 21-year-old man was critically injured in Waikiki early Friday after he was savagely beaten and repeatedly stabbed.
Police have opened an attempted murder investigation following the attack, which happened around 1:30 a.m. near the intersection of Lewers Street and Kalakaua Avenue, in front of the Louis Vuitton store.
The victim hasn't been identified, but police say he is stationed in Hawaii with the military. They didn't specify which branch of service.
According to police, the victim was at a nearby Waikiki bar earlier in the evening.
They say the 21-year-old doesn't know his attackers and it's unclear at this time exactly what happened, but police believe there was some sort of confrontation or disagreement before the victim was jumped.
Police say they are looking for multiple suspects at this time, but that one juvenile male is in custody.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
5:13 Mark Cuban: AT&T, Time Warner merger needed for competition with major tech companies
1:34 Introducing North Texas students to aviation careers
3:13 Dalworthington Gardens mayor responds to questions about Bill Waybourn
Avengers: Infinity War is — and truly feels like — the culmination of something.
Over the course of many years and many more Marvel Universe films — including some that proved to be hugely successful (Guardians of the Galaxy) and some that proved to be Thor: The Dark World -- the proprietors of that universe have been nesting glowy magical gemstones inside their heroes' stories. We nerdlings familiar with the 1991 Marvel Comics mini-series Infinity Gauntlet (written by Jim Starlin with art by George Perez and Ron Lim) have been waiting patiently for a certain big bald Marvel villain to come along and collect/hoard those sparklies like some kind of purple, cosmically powered space-tyrant/magpie.
Thanos is here at last — an alchemical blend made up of state-of-the-art CGI, an oddly wistful performance from actor Josh Brolin, and Violet Beauregarde's post-gum skin tone — and he's fixin' to cause Trouble. With a capital T, and that rhymes with C, and that stands for cosmic genocide.
Who can stop him, or at least try to? Pretty much every actor who's ever cashed a Marvel Cinematic Universe paycheck, is who. Which is why, even with its two-hour-and-40-minute running time (belay that "Infinity Kidney Stones" joke, it's been made), Infinity War still manages to feel overstuffed, crammed to the gills with characters and locations and events and stakes.
That's the setup. But in the interest of efficiency in criticism, we must acknowledge that the potential audience for Infinity War is large, and consists of people who come at it with widely varying degrees of Marvel Cinematic Universe engagement. And knowledge.
And — let's be blunt — level of interest.
Thus we are attempting to account for this fact by providing discrete reviews, expressly tailored to your individual needs.
Here's How It Works
Picture yourself in the theater with a friend. No really, picture it: You're about to see Avengers: Infinity War. The trailers are over. The lights dim. The Marvel Studios logo appears on the screen. At that moment, you lean over to your friend, and you whisper something.
What is it?
Choose from the options below, and then scroll down to find your Personalized, Artisanally Blended Avengers: Infinity War Movie Review.
CHOOSE ONE
"So. The Avengers. They're the ones with Batman, right?"
"Is [My Favorite Marvel Character] in this?"
"They had better not kill off [My Favorite Marvel Character]."
"I saw the trailer, and I can't wait for the scene where [something]."
"How in the world are they gonna take all these characters and tell a story that makes any sense?"
"OK, so: Remind me where all the Infinity Stones are, as far as we know?"
"I hope it feels like an old-school summer comics crossover."
"I just hope it's fun."
"I hate these stupid superhero movies. They're all pointless, loud, violent fodder served up for the dull-witted masses. I am here against my will. It's possible I'm on a bad date but it's more likely I have been kidnapped. Please contact the authorities. Blink twice if you understand me."
"So. The Avengers. They're the ones with Batman, right?"
No. No, the Avengers are not, as you say, "the ones with Batman."
Clearly, you belong to that subset of Infinity War audience members that doesn't care overmuch about the mythological infrastructure of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. And that's fine — ideally, you shouldn't need to bring a scorecard, physical or mental, along with you. The film should stand alone as a full experience, regardless of your particular level of nerdery.
But to you I say: Proceed with caution. First, ask yourself: If some character I don't recognize steps out of the shadows and the audience around me gasps in shocked recognition (this happens at least twice) — am I OK with that? When the camera cuts to some random location, the music swells and a legend appears at the bottom of the screen that is supposed to be the name of said place but is obviously just some dumb, made-up nerd-word that doesn't mean anything — will I be miffed? If the answer to either of those questions is "Yeah, probably," maybe wait for it to hit the streaming services.
Don't worry too much about getting lost in the mechanics of the plot, however — it's a simple series of fetch quests. Thanos wants to collect the various Infinity Stones. You'll know what those are when you see them, and at one point you'll be treated to a kind of mystical slide deck about them, plus you'll be told "If he collects all six, he can kill half the universe" enough times that you'll understand the opposing sides.
"Is [My Favorite Marvel Character] in this?"
Yes, probably. That's ... kind of the whole point of the exercise.
Provided you realize that the X-Men and Deadpool aren't really invited to the intellectual-property party, you can be reasonably certain your own favorite character appears onscreen at some point.
... With two notable exceptions. Notable chiefly because their absences are explained in a throwaway line that gets thrown away by the character tasked to deliver it like it's a soiled diaper.
But in most other cases, your favorite character will get some business to do. It may not be a lot, but they will hit the familiar beats you want them to hit.
"They had better not kill off [My Favorite Marvel Character]."
In previous Marvel films, character deaths served their usual superhero-genre purpose: They motivated the heroes into action.
In Infinity War, death is a consequence of superheroic action, not its trigger. There's ... rather a lot of death, this time out, and — the superhero genre being what it is — only most of it is permanent. If you're worried about your favorite character, rest assured that if they do get killed off, you'll likely see it coming long enough to mentally prepare for it. (There's a specific cinematic language these films speak; when you hear a certain kind of music cue, or see a shot framed in just such a way, or when a character expresses anything approaching contentment, you'll know it's coming, so gird your loins.)
"I saw the trailer, and I can't wait for the scene where [something]."
Yyyyyeah, careful there. The official Infinity War trailers include several shots that aren't in the film. That happens all the time, of course — they probably come from scenes that got deleted for time. But there's at least one trailer image that looks like it was an intentional fake-out.
"How in the world are they gonna take all these characters and tell a story that makes any sense?"
That is an excellent question, and Infinity War answers it smartly, if not always effectively.
The filmmakers know that over the life of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, their different characters vibrate at different frequencies, so the films built around them have adopted different tones. This is perhaps the biggest reason for their success — Captain America and Iron Man, for example, are wildly different characters, and their films feel that way. When they come together in an Avengers film, they clash — and as they're brought into conflict, the filmmakers and actors seize the opportunity to delineate them further, bringing their respective characterizations into even sharper relief.
As a result, the Marvel Cinematic Universe is painted in a variety of tonal colors, not simply a monolithic grayscale.
Inifinty War doubles down on this character interaction by carefully pairing off its huge cast of characters. When two familiar characters with a well-established dynamic share the screen (Tom Holland's Peter Parker and Robert Downey Jr.'s Tony Stark, most winningly) the film hums along. We get treated to several new duos whose chemistry we perhaps didn't see coming but really should have (Downey and Benedict Cumberbatch's Doctor Strange get their respective goatees in a twist, while Chris Hemsworth's Thor and Chris Pratt's Peter Quill — size each other up in exactly the way you'd expect two such pretty-boy doofuses to do).
The technique doesn't always work — and in one instance, fails completely. It's mystifying that a movie that represents the great synthesis of so many long-established storylines should attempt to locate its emotional center in the (to put it charitably) fraught relationship between Thanos, whom we've only just met after all, and Gamora (Zoe Saldana), a character whose interiority fails to register, and who has yet to define herself beyond "resident badass." Thanos is given several bemused monologues that attempt to cast him as something in addition to what he is — a great big honkin' purple (more than a little silly) CGI villain — and Gamora's reactions to him, scene to scene, keep surprising us because they come off as not so much nuanced and complicated as disconnected and puzzling. The film asks this Thanos/Gamora dynamic to carry a lot of weight — too much, in the end — and scenes between them never manage to land with the impact the filmmakers want them to.
"OK, so: Remind me where all the Infinity Stones are, as far as we know?"
OK, asking this question of your friend in the next seat suggests that you're in precisely the right headspace for this film. You're curious, you're engaged, you know what the MacGuffins-du-jour are, and why they're important.
And if your friend can't answer your question: We can.
Rest assured, you won't have to watch six repetitive scenes of Thanos going around and painstakingly collecting all six Infinity Stones — by the time we meet him, he's already got one under his belt. Which is to say: bedazzling his glove. Plus he's got a brace of creepy minions to do some of the his rock-collecting for him. He's a villain who outsources.
"I hope it feels like an old-school summer comics crossover."
By that do you mean sprawling, and great to look at, with confusing subplots that send some heroes off to chase still yet another object, far away from the main action? And that some characters don't get enough to do while others get too much? Then yes. Yes, it feels like that.
Do you also mean that you keep stopping to wonder why an all-powerful being with burgeoning control over the fundamental forces of the universe itself, who can unmake reality at will, would instead devote so much time and energy to simply ... punching others a lot?
Yes. That, too.
"I just hope it's fun."
Aha, see, now you belong to that vast sea of potential seers-of-this-movie that just wants to bask in high adventure with space-hopping and plenty of jokes (there are more than you might think, and most land) and heroes striking poses and villains sneering and saying things like, I kid you not, "Insect!"
You, then, will enjoy this film, most likely. There is, as mentioned above ... just really a whole lot of death, and an ending that is more Empire than Jedi. And if Marvel is committed to having the consequences of Infinity War truly reverberate through this summer's Ant-Man and the Wasp and next spring's Captain Marvel, then consider the stakes raised. Or, equally possibly, razed.
"I hate these stupid superhero movies. They're all pointless, loud, violent fodder served up for the dull-witted masses. I am here against my will. It's possible I'm on a bad date but it's more likely I have been kidnapped. Please contact the authorities. Blink twice if you understand me."
I am sorry for the position you find yourself in but I'm confident it will soon resolve itself and that, in no time, you'll be back to your usual routine, commenting on the NPR Facebook page without reading the articles.
New Delhi: India's 15-member squad for the 5 ODIs and one-off T20 against Sri Lanka was announced on Sunday.
Yuvraj Singh did not make the cut and the BCCI had to face a lot of backlash for ignoring the left-hander.
Team India selection commitee chief MSK Prasad clarified of Monday that Yuvraj's exclusion is not the end of the road for the 36-year-old's ODI career.
Prasad added that Yuvraj has only been rested and that the doors are "never closed for anybody."
"Everybody has got a right to play cricket," Prasad is quoted as saying by PTI.
"It's their passion. They are chasing their passion. In terms of selection, we try to select the best possible team. Discussions happen about everybody. It is not just MS Dhoni (or anybody else). When we pick, when we talk about combinations, we talk about everybody."
Prasad said that Yuvraj has a chance at making it to the squad if he delivers in the future.
"Whenever a player keeps ageing, for example, I was just reading Agassi's book, Open, his life actually started after 30 years. Till then he won two or three titles. His actual life started after that."
"He lived with media pressure, 'When are you going to retire?' But he played till 36 and he won so many Grand Slams. So you never know," Prasad added.
"We don't say it is an automatic thing but we are all stakeholders. We all want the Indian team to do well. If he is delivering, why not? If he is not, we will have to look at alternatives," Prasad concluded.
Yuvraj made a comeback into the Indian setup in the ODI series against England earlier in the year. He scored a match-winning 150 in the series but has since been unable to reproduce that form.
New Delhi: Addressing the nation on the eve of 70th Independence Day on Monday, President Ram Nath Kovind said it is time the citizens take inspiration from those who gave their lives for the nation and move forward.
He said the country is indebted to those who laid down their lives for our independence.
The government can make, implement and strengthen laws but it is everyone's duty to abide by them, the president said.
Highlighting the government's efforts for a clean India under its flagship Swachch Bharat campaign, he said it is the "duty of each one of us to keep the nation clean".
Congratulating the nation on the eve of Independence Day, President Kovind called on the countrymen to pay special attention to the differently-abled.
The president also stressed on eradicating poverty from the country and said there is no place for poverty in 'New India'.
He also expressed happiness that the people of the country have accepted the landmark economic reform GST and said it will usher in economic prosperity and well-being to the people. It is the "responsibility of each one of us to promote a sense of pride in paying taxes," he said.
Encouraging the countrymen to help build a 'New India', the President said "It is our national pledge to achieve important goals to make a 'New India'.
"New India must include the integral humanist component which is in our DNA, and which has defined our country and our civilization, and for this, we owe so much to the countless freedom fighters who made great sacrifices to bring us here," President Kovind said.
"New India's objective is that we move forward from where we are today," he added.
A man has critical injuries after being hit by a car in Fremantle.
A man has critical injuries after being hit by a car in Fremantle.
An elderly man remains in a critical condition after being struck by a car in Fremantle on Monday.
An 80-year-old woman was driving the car, a white 1992 Subaru Liberty station wagon, when the crash occurred.
Police say the car was being driven north along Beach Street in Fremantle at about midday.
As it neared the intersection with Parry Street, a man started crossing the road after walking from an adjacent carpark and was struck by the Subaru.
The pedestrian, a 93 year old man from East Fremantle, suffered serious injuries and was taken to Royal Perth Hospital where he remains in a critical condition.
The female driver was not injured in the crash.
Major Crash officers are investigating and are calling for anyone who saw the crash, or the Subaru or the pedestrian before the crash, to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or online at www.crimestopperswa.com.au .
A new study published in JAMA Psychiatry this month finds that the rate of alcohol use disorder, or what's colloquially known as 'alcoholism', rose by a shocking 49 percent in the first decade of the 2000s.
One in eight American adults, or 12.7 percent of the US population, now meets diagnostic criteria for alcohol use disorder, according to the study.
The study's authors characterise the findings as a serious and overlooked public health crisis, noting that alcoholism is a significant driver of mortality from a cornucopia of ailments: "fetal alcohol spectrum disorders, hypertension, cardiovascular diseases, stroke, liver cirrhosis, several types of cancer and infections, pancreatitis, type 2 diabetes, and various injuries".
Indeed, the study's findings are bolstered by the fact that deaths from a number of these conditions, particularly alcohol-related cirrhosis and hypertension, have risen concurrently over the study period.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that 88,000 people a year die of alcohol-related causes, more than twice the annual death toll of opiate overdose.
How did the study's authors judge who counts as 'an alcoholic'?
The study's data comes from the National Epidemiologic Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions (NESARC), a nationally representative survey administered by the National Institutes of Health.
Survey respondents were considered to have alcohol use disorder if they met widely used diagnostic criteria for either alcohol abuse or dependence.
For a diagnosis of alcohol abuse, an individual must have exhibited at least one of the following characteristics in the past year (bulleted text is quoted directly from the National Institutes of Health):
Recurrent use of alcohol resulting in a failure to fulfill major role obligations at work, school, or home (e.g., repeated absences or poor work performance related to alcohol use; alcohol-related absences, suspensions, or expulsions from school; neglect of children or household).
Recurrent alcohol use in situations in which it is physically hazardous (e.g., driving an automobile or operating a machine when impaired by alcohol use).
Recurrent alcohol-related legal problems (e.g., arrests for alcohol-related disorderly conduct).
Continued alcohol use despite having persistent or recurrent social or interpersonal problems caused or exacerbated by the effects of alcohol (e.g., arguments with spouse about consequences of intoxication).
For a diagnosis of alcohol dependence, an individual must experience at least three of the following seven symptoms (again, bulleted text is quoted directly from the National Institutes of Health):
Need for markedly increased amounts of alcohol to achieve intoxication or desired effect; or markedly diminished effect with continued use of the same amount of alcohol.
The characteristic withdrawal syndrome for alcohol; or drinking (or using a closely related substance) to relieve or avoid withdrawal symptoms.
Drinking in larger amounts or over a longer period than intended.
Persistent desire or one or more unsuccessful efforts to cut down or control drinking.
Important social, occupational, or recreational activities given up or reduced because of drinking.
A great deal of time spent in activities necessary to obtain, to use, or to recover from the effects of drinking.
Continued drinking despite knowledge of having a persistent or recurrent physical or psychological problem that is likely to be caused or exacerbated by drinking.
Meeting either of those criteria - abuse or dependence - would lead to an individual being characterised as having an alcohol use disorder (alcoholism).
The study found that rates of alcoholism were higher among men (16.7 percent), Native Americans (16.6 percent), people below the poverty threshold (14.3 percent), and people living in the Midwest (14.8 percent).
Stunningly, nearly 1 in 4 adults under age 30 (23.4 percent) met the diagnostic criteria for alcoholism.
Some caveats
While the study's findings are alarming, a different federal survey, the National Survey on Drug Use and Health (NSDUH), has shown that alcohol use disorder rates are lower and falling, rather than rising, since 2002.
Grant says she's not sure what's behind the discrepancies between the two federal surveys, but it's difficult to square the declining NSDUH numbers with the rising mortality rates seen in alcohol-driven conditions like cirrhosis and hypertension.
A separate study looking at differences between the two federal surveys found that the disparities are probably caused by how each survey asks about alcohol disorders: It found that the NESARC questionnaire used in the current study is a "more sensitive instrument" that leads to a "more thorough probing" of the criteria for alcohol use disorder.
If the more sensitive data used in the current study is indeed more accurate, there's one final caveat to note: The study's data go only through 2013. If the observed trend continues, the true rate of alcoholism today would be even higher.
What do the researchers think is driving the increase?
"I think the increases are due to stress and despair and the use of alcohol as a coping mechanism," said the study's lead author, Bridget Grant, a researcher at the National Institutes of Health.
The study notes that the increases in alcohol use disorder were "much greater among minorities than among white individuals", likely reflecting widening social inequalities after the 2008 recession.
"If we ignore these problems, they will come back to us at much higher costs through emergency department visits, impaired children who are likely to need care for many years for preventable problems, and higher costs for jails and prisons that are the last resort for help for many," University of California at San Diego psychiatrist Marc Schuckit said in an editorial accompanying the study.
2017 © The Washington Post
This article was originally published by The Washington Post.
NEW YORK (AP) — Jordan Montgomery took a shutout into the seventh inning for his first major league win, Matt Holliday homered in his return to the lineup and the New York Yankees romped to their eighth consecutive victory by beating the Chicago White Sox 7-4 on Monday night.
Holliday put the Yankees ahead with a titanic three-run shot in a five-run third inning, and Aaron Judge added a two-run homer that chased Derek Holland (1-2) with the score 7-0 in the fifth. New York has rebounded from a 1-4 start with its longest winning streak since a 10-game run in June 2012.
Making his second career start, Montgomery (1-0) immediately found himself in a first-inning jam. But the 24-year-old lefty calmly pitched his way out of it by retiring cleanup hitter Jose Abreu and streaking Avisail Garcia with runners at second and third.
See the stories that netizens read and reacted to the most in an eventful 2016
MANILA, Philippines – It was an eventful 2016.
From a colorful election to major sports events, from live coverages to important announcements, and from showbiz headlines to viral videos, readers sought more information about these stories and expressed how it made them feel.
Let's look back at the year that was through the stories that Rappler visitors read and reacted to the most for each week of 2016.
In the visualization below, we list down the stories that had the biggest total page views in a particular week, as well as the stories that got the most votes via Rappler's Mood Meter in the same period. The top stories are then "colored" according to the corresponding dominant mood or emotion, still based on validated Mood Meter votes.
Rappler's top stories of every week of 2016 Click on the buttons to show the stories with the most views or the most mood votes on Rappler for every week of 2016.
The colors indicate the dominant mood for a particular story. Clicking on an article title will open that story in a new tab. The top stories for 12/25 - 12/31 will be displayed as soon as the data is processed.
A mix of entertainment, sports, and national stories took the spotlight in terms of weekly page views.
Topics like Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach's victory, the Pacquiao-Bradley boxing match in April, and updates on weather conditions and class suspensions later in the year made the list, along with celebrity feuds, unusual stories, and news that caught everyone by surprise.
Stories from the 2016 elections and President Rodrigo Duterte's administration were also viewed the most. In May, all eyes were on the poll results and the official canvassing of votes.
Three Rappler Indonesia stories likewise garnered enough views to place first.
In terms of mood votes, political and election stories dominated. Trace President Duterte's journey to Malacañang from the campaign trail and the presidential debates up to his election, inauguration, and his first State of the Nation Address or SONA.
Readers also reacted to Duterte's words and decisions, as well as to various events that happened in his first 6 months in office. – Rappler.com
July's heat is pressing down and Denver has a ton of events to cool you off. Start off your weekend by snickering at Lucha Libre & Laughs and end it by munching on breakfast at a Cereal Party. Whatever you make of the weekend, make sure to take a look at this roundup of events in Denver.
Thursday, July 5
Lucha Libre & Laughs
When: July 5, 7 – 9 p.m.
Where: Ratio Beerworks, 2920 Larimer St., Denver
Cost: Free admission
The Lowdown: Ratio Beerworks hosts Lucha Libre & Laughs. You can listen to Mitch Jones and Ian Douglas Terry fill the room with hysterical sets as Hoodlum, Justin D'air, Bruce Rogers, Cody Devine and Allie Gato provide entertainment. You can grab a brew and laugh all night long.
Life & Death in Denver
When: July 5, 7 – 9 p.m.
Where: Olinger Crown Hill, 7777 W 29th Ave., Wheat Ridge
Cost: $25 get tickets here
The Lowdown: Atlas Obscura gets dark with Life & Death in Denver. The event features a look at the Tower of Memories mausoleum created by architect Charles A. Smith. You can learn about the updated architecture, the history and more about the building. Following the tour, you can learn about cremation and see a behind-the-scenes look at the funeral process.
Friday, July 6
First Friday Art Walk
When: July 6, 6 – 9 p.m.
Where: Art District on Santa Fe, Santa Fe Dr., Denver
Cost: Free admission
The Lowdown: The first Friday of every month marks the First Friday Art Walk. You can venture down the Art District on Santa Fe to experience all of the amazing galleries and creative businesses. The walk features 30 participating locations on Santa Fe and a ton of food trucks to fuel your art adventures. You can see sculptures, prints and more at the participating businesses.
LOHI Bazaar BBQ
When: July 6 – 8
Where: Highland Tap & Burger, 2219 W 32nd Ave., Denver
Cost: Free admission
The Lowdown: Spend your holiday weekend at the LOHI Bazaar BBQ. The event features BBQ fresh off of the pits, vendors from The Denver Bazaar and TheBigWonderful and more. You can also jam out to live music and sip on cocktails at The Cowboy Glitter Bar. Proceeds from the event will benefit Water is Life.
Halloween in July
When: July 6, 9 p.m. – 2 a.m.
Where: Bar Standard, 1037 Broadway, Denver
Cost: $15 – $40 get tickets here
The Lowdown: Bar Standard teams up with Wake the Dead, Ritual Noize Denver and Purgatory Denver for Halloween in July. You can dress in your best Halloween costume to dance all night to beats from a variety of DJs including DJ's Mr. & Mrs. Hoodbats, DJ Cyber 1 and DJ Kilgore. Plus, with the heat of summer you can wear whatever costume you want without considering a coat.
Midnight Madness
When: July 6, 11:59 p.m. – 2 a.m.
Where: Landmark's Esquire Theatre, 590 Downing St., Denver
Cost: $9.50 get tickets here
The Lowdown: Midnight Madness is back. You can see a viewing of the classic thriller, Jaws. See how Steven Spielberg brings a fishing trip to the extremes.
IPA Wars
When: July 6, 5 – 7 p.m.
Where: Jagged Mountain Craft Brewery, 1139 20th St., Denver
Cost: Free admission
The Lowdown: Jagged Mountain presents IPA Wars. The event features six different IPAs created by the Jagged Mountain staff competing to win. You can taste each beer ranging from a carrot cake milkshake session to a tamarind passionfruit hazy session. The first 100 attendees will receive a special glass to drink from.
Cherry Creek Arts Festival
When: July 6 – 8, 10 a.m.
Where: Cherry Creek North Shopping District, 299 S Milwaukee St., Denver
Cost: Free admission
The Lowdown: Fill your weekend with art at the Cherry Creek Arts Festival. The festival features a myriad of vendors, entertainment, education and more. You can shop art, food and drinks and see different interactive demonstrations throughout the three days of the festival.
Lost Walks
When: July 6, 8 – 11 p.m.
Where: McNichols Building, 144 W Colfax Ave., Denver
Cost: $15 – $25 get tickets here
The Lowdown: Denver Arts & Venues presents Lost Walks. The event features a performance of Lost Walk's Wolf, Woman, Man. The performance showcases lighting and art installations with new and innovative choreography from the Lost Walks team.
Saturday, July 7
MCA Penny Admission
When: July 7, 10 a.m. – 5 p.m.
Where: Museum of Contemporary Art Denver, 1485 Delgany St., Denver
Cost: $0.01 at entry
The Lowdown: MCA Penny Admission is back. If you are a Colorado resident you can visit the museum for only one cent. You can explore the current exhibitions of Derrick Adams, Lisa Oppenheim, Patrice Renee Washington and Kristen Hatgi Sink. You can also take the chance to learn more about the Octopus Initiative and enter into a raffle to win local art.
Hootenanny
When: July 7, 11 a.m. – 7 p.m.
Where: Breckenridge Brewery, 2920 Brewery Ln., Littleton
Cost: $45 get tickets here
The Lowdown: Breckenridge Brewery throws a Hootenanny. The event features two stages with performances by Drew Emmitt, Coral Creek, The Sweet Lillies and more. You can dive into food from a food truck jamboree, sip on unlimited beers from Breckenridge Brewery and even snag a giveaway to bring home with you. Get your ticket soon as they are selling fast.
The Patio Society
When: July 7, 3 – 8 p.m.
Where: New Image Brewing Company, 5622 Yukon St., Arvada
Cost: Free admission
The Lowdown: New Image Brewing Company partners with Our Mutual Friend Brewery, TRVE Brewing, Ratio Beerworks, Peach Street Distillers and Funkwerks to present The Patio Society. You can sip on chilled drinks on the patio from all of the different distributors and bask in the summer sun.
Flowetry
When: July 7, 7 – 10 p.m.
Where: Fort Greene Bar, 321 E 45th Ave., Denver
Cost: Free admission
The Lowdown: Fort Greene Bar presents Flowetry. The event features local spoken word artists showcasing their works with a yogi performing in the background to the sets. Jarisa Williams and Soulflower Denver created the event to raise funds for Building Bridges and bringing love and positivity to Denver.
Drake vs. Kanye
When: July 7, 8 p.m. – 1:45 a.m.
Where: Ophelia's, 1215 20th St., Denver
Cost: $10 – $35 get tickets here
The Lowdown: Ophelia's presents Drake vs. Kanye. The party features hits from both artists, battling it out throughout the night. Choose your team and show your love for Kanye and Drake. The party has sold out in years past so make sure you snag your ticket soon.
Catwalk
When: July 7, 6 – 9 p.m.
Where: Dumb Friends League, 2080 S Quebec St, Denver
Cost: $10 – $20 get tickets here
The Lowdown: Dumb Friends League presents a Catwalk. You can sip on beer, snack on food from food trucks and more while learning about Dumb Friends League's cat programs. You can also listen to live music and purchase merch from vendors to help raise funds for the cat programs.
Bubbles & Bites
When: July 7, 8:30 – 10:30 a.m.
Where: Cherry Creek Arts District, 140 Clayton Ln., Denver
Cost: Free register here
The Lowdown: Bubbles & Bites makes its way at the Cherry Creek Arts Festival. The event features free bites and sips at different galleries, shops and more. You can peruse all of the amazing art in the district and brunch it up at locations such as Gallerie Rouge, Revampt and Show of Hands.
Mile High Beach Party
When: July 7, 1 – 6 p.m.
Where: REI (Denver), 1416 Platte St., Denver
Cost: Free admission
The Lowdown: Grab your swimsuits and dive into the summer heat at a Mile High Beach Party. The party features a culmination of local brands celebrating the warm weather. You can jam out to live music from the Strings and the Box, sip on cold beers and purchase goods from vendors. Proceeds from the event will go toward the National Forest Foundation.
Sunday, July 8
Brunch Like Heaven
When: July 8, 10:30 a.m. – 2:30 p.m.
Where: Ophelia's, 1215 20th St., Denver
Cost: Free with brunch purchase
The Lowdown: Ophelia's presents Brunch Like Heaven. The event features live performances from Boyhollow & The Hoodbats getting dark while you nibble on brunch delights. The show sells out every year so make sure to create your reservation now by calling (303) 993-8023.
Bluegrass Brunch
When: July 8, 11 a.m. – 3 p.m.
Where: Station 26 Brewing Co., 7045 E 38th Ave., Denver
Cost: Free admission
The Lowdown: Station 26 Brewing Co. hosts a Bluegrass Brunch. The brunch features live bluegrass from the Hilltop Harvest Band, a special menu from the Order 26 Food Truck and more. You can sip on cool brews from Station 26 while you sway to the smooth beats.
Won't You Be My Neighbor?
When: July 8, 5:30 – 8:30 p.m.
Where: Alamo Drafthouse Denver, 4255 W Colfax Ave., Denver
Cost: $25 get tickets here
The Lowdown: See a screening of the upcoming documentary film Won't You Be My Neighbor? The film follows the phenomenon of Mr. Rogers finding ways to connect people from all walks of life and be better neighbors. You can sip on drinks and nibble on appetizers at BarFly and then watch the film and take a walk down memory lane.
Cereal Party
When: July 8, 10:30 a.m. – 1:30 p.m.
Where: Alamo Drafthouse Denver, 4255 W Colfax Ave., Denver
Cost: $12.50 get tickets here
The Lowdown: See a viewing of the new film Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom at a Cereal Party. The party features a screening of the film that follows Owen Grady and Claire Dearing in a mission to save the dinosaurs of Isla Nublar. You can feast on cereal while you watch the thriller.
Want this list before everyone else?
Mark Your Calendars
Slow Food Nation
When: July 13 – 15
Where: Larimer Square, 1430 Larimer St., Denver
Cost: Free admission
Summer Flea
When: July 13 – 15
Where: Denver Rock Drill, 1717 E 39th Ave., Denver
Cost: $5 – $35 tickets available here
Colorado Black Arts Festival
When: July 13, 12 – 8 p.m.
Where: City Park Denver, 2001 Colorado Blvd., Denver
Cost: Free admission
Denver County Fair
When: July 13 – 15
Where: Denver County Fair, 4655 Humboldt St., Denver
Cost: $10 – $20 tickets available here
Summer Horseshoe Market
When: July 14, 9 a.m. – 4 p.m.
Where: Horseshoe Craft & Flea Market, 4345 W 46th Ave., Denver
Cost: Free admission
TAIPEI, April 13 Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co on Thursday said first-quarter profit rose 35.3 percent from a year prior, below expectations, and after revenue for the world's largest contract chipmaker and major supplier to Apple Inc missed guidance.
Net profit totaled T$87.63 billion ($2.90 billion) for January-March, traditionally a weak period for the tech sector after the year-end sales rush. That was down from the T$100.2 billion of the fourth quarter of last year, which was a quarterly record.
The result was also worse than the T$88.26 billion median estimates in a Thomson Reuters/Eikon poll.
TSMC earlier this week said first-quarter revenue, at T$233.91 billion, missed the lower end of its guidance for T$236 billion given in January due to a strong Taiwan dollar. ($1 = 30.2260 Taiwan dollars) (Reporting by Jess Macy Yu and J.R. Wu in TAIPEI)
LONDON — British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating three allegations against the former “House of Cards” star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify him by name but said Wednesday that detectives had received a total of five allegations of sexual assault and one of assault against a man.
Five of the alleged offenses took place in London between 1996 and 2008, and the sixth in the western English city of Gloucester in 2013.
Spacey, a two-time Oscar winner, has been accused of sexual assault and inappropriate behavior by numerous men since actor Anthony Rapp alleged last year that Spacey had climbed on top of him on a bed when Rapp was 14 and Spacey 26.
After Rapp's allegation, London's Old Vic theater, where Spacey was artistic director for 11 years until 2015, launched an investigation into its former leader. The theater said in November that it had received 20 allegations of inappropriate behavior by Spacey, and had encouraged 14 of the complainants to go to the police.
Spacey apologized to Rapp in October for “deeply inappropriate drunken behavior” and later released a statement saying he was seeking unspecified treatment. He has not commented on the other allegations.
In the wake of the allegations he was fired from political drama “House of Cards” and erased from Ridley Scott feature “All the Money in the World.” The film “Billionaire Boys Club,” a financial drama Spacey shot in 2015, is due for release this summer.
Kenora's Gabe Mastromatteo wrapped up his stint swimming for Team Ontario at the 2017 Canada Summer Games in Winnipeg and is now off to Toronto to prepare with the rest of the Canadian junior team for the sixth FINA World Junior Swimming Championship, in Indianapolis, Aug. 23-28.
During his brief return to his hometown on Saturday, Aug. 12, Mastromatteo sat down with the Miner and News to chat about his experience in Winnipeg where he won three gold and one silver medal, and set a new Games standard in the men's 50 metre breaststroke.
Mastromatteo won gold and set the new Canada Games record in the men's 50m breaststroke (28.84 seconds) and he also won gold with his Ontario teammates Grayson Bernard, Josh Liendo, Justin Baker and Ethan Placek in the men's 4x50 medley relay and the men's 4x100 medley relay. The Kenora Swimming Shark took the silver in the men's 200m breaststroke, but was disqualified from the men's 100m breaststoke for a false start.
How was the overall experience swimming for Ontario in the Canada Summer Games?
Everybody is out to get Team O because they're always up top and they always kind of have a target on their back. It was a nice kind of being not the most loved team out there. We had a lot of fans and a lot of people who didn't like us, but the team spirit was great. It was a big, fast team and was a great experience.
What was the best part of the Canada Summer Games for the 15 year old?
The food. The University of Manitoba [where the athletes' village was] did a really good job, there was really good food there. I think it was roast beef one night which was really good. But it was good every night. The mashed potatoes were great.
What was his most memorable race at the Canada Summer Games?
Probably the 4x50m relay just because our coach entered us with no time - because we had never swum together before - so we were swimming in the first heat with slower teams and when we touched, we beat the other teams by 20 seconds or something and we beat the age-group 15-17 Canadian record, but then we had to sit around and wait to see what the other teams swam to see if our time held up. It was more of a time trial after the first length because we were kind of by ourselves.
What happened in the men's 100m breaststroke final that he was disqualified for a false start?
I went to go reset my stance on the block but you're not supposed to move forward when you do that and my head came forward so they considered it a start infraction. I didn't know it was a rule until it happened, so it's good that I learned that now instead of in two weeks at World Juniors when I go a fast time and I'm all hyped and I get DQ-ed. It was a good learning point.
How did Mastromatteo handled the news he was disqualified after touching the wall about three seconds before the other swimmers?
It didn't really affect me. I saw what I [swam] and I thought OK, it was kind of what I wanted so I was like, you know what, I know what I went, I know what I did wrong and I won't do it again. I wasn't really too shook by it. I'm pretty chill about that kind of stuff. If I get DQ-ed, well, it's like, stuff happens.
What's his plan to prepare for the world junior championship in Indianapolis?
I just need to get my body feeling really good and rested, clean up my diet with super-healthy food all the time, and be ready to go fast. I just need to try and stay lean and keep my body feeling super-good. For Canada Games I was mentally ready, but I could've been a lot more physically ready but we were [pacing]. The Canada Games I swam through was tough and physically demanding, but now I'll drop the metres and get a bit less work and more rest into junior worlds and, hopefully I'll be more physically ready.
SLamb@postmedia.com
Market Scenario:
Major giants like Cisco Systems and IBM Corporation are implementing the software defined networking market owing to increasing demand from various industry verticals like BFSI, healthcare, manufacturing, IT & telecommunication and government among others. Increasing adoption of software defined networking solutions and services is one major factor fueling the growth of software defined networking market.
Get Sample of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1607
North America region holds the largest market share of global software defined networking market and also is expected to be the largest revue generator owing to the continuous technological advancements in the region. The growth in North America region is mainly dominated by U.S. and Canada. This owing to the presence of key players like IBM Corporation, Cisco Systems, Intel Corporation and Big Switch Networks in the region. The region also has a well-established infrastructure which allows seamless implementation of advanced technologies. Heavy investments in R&D sector from the major players in this region is also helping the market to grow.
Software Defined Networking Market has been segmented on the basis of component, end user, organization size and vertical. The vertical segment is further bifurcated into BFSI, healthcare, manufacturing, consumer goods and retail, IT and telecommunication, defense and government among others. Out of which, manufacturing sub segment is expected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period. This is owing to the rapid adoption of SDN solutions in order to optimize their networks.
Software defined networking is basically transformational technology which enables service providers to create highly programmable networks with the help of workflow automation. It helps in reducing operational costs and also helps in improving overall customer service life cycle. Software defined networking is a way to deal with computer networking that permits network administrators to manage network services through abstraction of lower-level functionality. It helps in overcoming the limitations associated with traditional network infrastructure. SDN plays a vital role in managing the typical networking infrastructure in the organization. This network can be managed by the implementation of customized, automated and virtual network, which can be used for data traffic management and for efficient management of big data. Flexible way of managing and controlling the complex network and efficient data traffic management and is one of the major reasons for the growth of software defined networking market.
The global Software Defined Networking Market is expected to grow at approx. USD 61 Billion by 2023, at 39% of CAGR between 2017 and 2023.
Key Players:
The prominent players in software defined networking market are – Cisco Systems, Inc. (U.S.), Hewlett Packard Enterprise (U.S.), IBM Corporation (U.S.), Intel Corporation (U.S.), Juniper Networks (U.S.), Intersil (U.S.), VMware, Inc. (U.S.), Big Switch Networks (U.S.), Pica8, Inc. (U.S.), Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. (China) among others.
Regional Analysis:
The regional analysis of software defined networking market is being studied for regions such as Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and Rest of the World. It has been observed that North America is estimated to account for the largest share of the market, whereas Asia-Pacific is projected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period. The major growth in software defined networking market in North America is attributed to technical advancements and increasing use of mobile devices, tablets and smartphones in that region.
Segments:
Software defined networking market can be segmented on the basis of following:
By Component
Solution Software Software Controller Application Software Physical Appliances Router Switches
Services Integration Training & Consulting Support & Maintenance Others
By End User
Cloud Service Provider
Telecommunication Service Provider
Enterprises
By Organization Size
SMEs
Large Enterprises
By Vertical
BFSI
Healthcare
Manufacturing
IT & Telecommunication
Defense & Government
Consumer Goods & Retail
Others
Get Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/software-defined-networking-market-1607
Intended Audience
Technology Investors
Research/Consultancy Firms
OEM technology solution providers
Cloud Service Providers
Software Developers
System Integrators
Manufacturing Industry
Government organizations
TABLE OF CONTENTS
LIST OF FIGURES
FIGURE 1 RESEARCH TYPE
FIGURE 2 SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY COMPONENT (%)
FIGURE 3 SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY END USER (%)
FIGURE 4 SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY ORGANIZATION SIZE (%)
FIGURE 5 SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY VERTICAL (%)
FIGURE 6 SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY REGIONS (%)
FIGURE 7 NORTH AMERICA SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY COMPONENT (%)
FIGURE 8 NORTH AMERICA SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY END USER (%)
FIGURE 9 NORTH AMERICA SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY ORGANIZATION SIZE (%)
FIGURE 10 NORTH AMERICA SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY VERTICAL (%)
FIGURE 11 EUROPE SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY COMPONENT (%)
FIGURE 12 EUROPE SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY END USER (%)
FIGURE 13 EUROPE SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY ORGANIZATION SIZE (%)
FIGURE 14 EUROPE SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY VERTICAL (%)
FIGURE 15 ASIA-PACIFIC SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY COMPONENT (%)
FIGURE 16 ASIA-PACIFIC SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY END USER (%)
Continued…
About Us:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Media Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Turkish police have detained more than 800 people over alleged links to Kurdish militants in the past two days, a police source said on Tuesday, a crackdown the pro-Kurdish parliamentary party said was aimed at sidelining it ahead of a referendum.
Turks will vote on April 16 on replacing the parliamentary system with the stronger presidency sought by President Tayyip Erdoğan. The referendum will be held under a state of emergency imposed after an attempted coup last July.
Tens of thousands of people have been arrested since the abortive coup over suspected ties to Fethullah Gulen, the US-based Muslim cleric accused by Ankara of organising the putsch. Separately 5,000 members of the pro-Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) have been held, the party says.
Counter-terror police over the past two days detained 834 people suspected of ties to the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militant group in dawn raids across 37 provinces in Turkey, a statement from Istanbul police said.
The operations were launched because police believed the PKK leadership had instructed its militants to organise armed rebellions starting from February 15, the anniversary of the capture of PKK leader Abdullah Ocalan in Kenya in 1999.
Along with the suspects, two Kalashnikovs, eleven guns, fifteen rifles and ammunition was seized, police said.
The HDP said the raids aimed to weaken it. “The basic goal of these operations … is to hold the referendum without the HDP,” a statement from its executive committee said.
Its statement, released before Tuesday's arrests, said more than 300 of its members and executives had been detained on Monday, bringing those held this year to around 1,200. A dozen of its lawmakers and tens of Kurdish mayors from a sister party have been jailed pending trial.
The government accuses the HDP, parliament's second biggest opposition party, of being a political extension of the PKK. The HDP denies direct links with the PKK and says it wants a peaceful settlement in Turkey's largely Kurdish south-east.
The PKK designated a terrorist group by Turkey, the European Union and the United States, launched an armed insurgency against the Turkish state in 1984 and more than 40,000 people have been killed in the conflict.
A ceasefire between the PKK and the state broke down in July 2015 and thousands have been killed in the conflict since then.
“We will never bow down faced with this persecution and pressure,” the HDP said. “What they are trying to prevent with the detentions and arrests is a ‘no' (vote in the referendum).”
Ahead of the official launch of referendum campaigning this week, Erdoğan has called for Turks to vote ‘yes' to the reform by saying the PKK opposes it and that a ‘no' vote means taking sides with those behind last year's putsch.
Happy Valentine's Day, everyone! I hope your week is going exactly how you want it to — whether that means datin' it up with your partner during the week, celebrating your singleness on the weekend, or just getting your homework done so you can enjoy a nice glass (or two) of wine with some close friends.
No matter what your Valentine's plans are, I feel like it's a good time to talk about consent again. I know that I write about consent a lot. I will continue to write about consent a lot because it's incredibly important. And who doesn't like to talk about sex?
It's a fact that consent is needed in order to engage in any form of sexual activity. If you're unsure if you need consent to do something, then you definitely need consent to do that thing. But it goes deeper. Part of consent is also being able to discuss your boundaries, and they're not always sexual.
First off, you not only need to communicate with your partner openly about whether or not you're going to have sex, you need to discuss what forms of sex you're comfortable with. Maybe you're completely fine with oral sex but really not into penetration. Maybe there are things you'd kind of like to try but feel nervous about and need to work up to them at your own pace.
But like I said, boundaries aren't always sexual. Other boundaries within a relationship include things like PDA, touching, time spent together and privacy. You're allowed to feel that your partner is touching you (hugging, arm around you, hand holding, kissing, etc.) too much, or that they're texting you too much, and you 100 percent should talk about that.
All of these things are important. Don't just sit around feeling uncomfortable. Speak up, and if your partner speaks up to you about boundaries, don't take it personally. Understand that you're two different people who might have different boundaries, and that's okay!
Talk to your partner about all of this. Don't assume anything at all within a relationship. Don't say, “Oh, they were okay with this so they must be okay with this.”
Never, ever assume. Just talk it out!
Don't feel shy about discussing your sexual limits and comfort zones with any person you are romantically engaging with. If they're the type of person — a bad person — who shames you or ignores you for bringing consent up, then is that really the type of person you want to be hooking up with?
Yes, I know they're super attractive and really into that same T.V. show as you, but if they aren't respecting your body or even willing to talk about it, then they're garbage, and they don't deserve your sexy-ass self. And that's the Truth, y'all.
Talking about what you want, like, don't like, might like with your partner will create an honest bond between you, and, as a bonus, your sex life will be off the charts—Not only from having a clear understanding of what makes sex the best for you personally, but from the huge wave of comfort that comes with knowing your partner listened to you, respects you and won't push your limits any more than you want them to.
I'll also say that waiting until things are a-happenin' might not be the best time to have these talks. Talk about it while you're eating take-out together, when you're watching a movie, when you're studying together. If you don't have the luxury of time and matters are afoot, then absolutely talk about it right then and there. You also have the right to, at any point during these a-happenin' matters afoot, say you do not want something, that you do not like something, and that you want to stop right now. That is your right and there is no shame in that.
Own your limits. Own your body. Don't make yourself uncomfortable for the sake of potentially keeping your partner comfortable. If your partner is someone worth being a partner, they will listen and they will stop without question.
On the other side, if your partner starts telling you they don't like something you're doing to them and/or their body and they want to stop, that's a hard no to the question of consent. That means stop what you're doing immediately. That means if you keep going, you will be sexually assaulting another person. Consent is that serious. That's why we need to talk about it.
Always read your partner's body. Maybe they're saying yes, but their body is tense and they seem really uncomfortable. Whether it's during sex or when you try to put your arm around them, that's a good time to stop and talk.
Make your partner feel safe talking to you, and reiterate that there's no pressure to do anything. Always reassure your partners that they never have to do anything they do not want to to, or are even just unsure of.
The best way to know if things are as good for them as they are for you is to flat out ask them: to have multiple discussions over the course of your relationship, about things sexual and otherwise, because things can change.
Understand your partner's boundaries as well as your own. If you talk it out and really listen to what you partner is saying, I promise you'll have the best, healthiest, out of this world relationship ever imagined. All you have to do is talk.
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
CORAL SPRINGS, Fla. (AP) - Authorities say a Florida police officer has shot and wounded a teen who had been involved in a drug-related shootout with other people.
Coral Springs Police Sgt. Carla Kmiotek tells The Sun Sentinel that the shooting occurred early Wednesday morning.
Kmiotek says officers responded to reports of gunfire between two cars. She says an officer spotted one of the cars involved in the shooting and chased it. The fleeing car eventually crashed.
Police say officers repeatedly told the driver to get on the ground, but the 17-year-old driver pointed a handgun at one officer, who fired several times and struck the teen once in each leg.
The teen faces several charges, including aggravated assault with a firearm on a law enforcement officer.
The races of the suspect and officer weren't immediately released.
___
Information from: Sun Sentinel , http://www.sun-sentinel.com/
Concert posters and album art have long been considered their own art form, with artists almost wholly dedicated to those tasks. Denver-based artist John Vogl has spent the better part of a decade creating fantastic and whimsical concert posters for bands across many genres under the moniker “Bungaloo.” Some of the bands on his roster include Shakey Graves, Dead & Co., Sylvan Esso, Chris Stapleton, The Avett Brothers, Robert Plant and so many more. His most recent project? The record sleeve design for 303 Music Vol. 1., the very first vinyl 303 Magazines has ever released.
Vogl doesn't limit himself to concert posters and album art though. Recently, his non-music inspired art starred in a solo show at Helikon Gallery and Studios — where Vogl works in one of the resident workspaces. His design of Great Divide's Denver Pale Ale can, and the subsequent mural on 22nd and Lawrence Streets downtown garnered him a significant amount of attention as a Denver-inspired artist. As a skillful graphic designer — with a background in advertising before turning full-time to art — Vogl also creates tasteful merchandise like stickers, glassware, flasks, pins and clothing, all of which are available for purchase at Helikon.
We sat down with Vogl to discuss his choice in making the album art, who his favorite artist on the vinyl is, local music promotion and more. Make sure to stop by the meet-and-greet room at 303 Music Fests on May 17 to see Vogl face-to-face and have him sign your album. He might even draw a little doodle on it for you, making it a true original.
303 Magazines: What was the process of making the album art for 303 Music Vol. 1?
John Vogl: 303 reached out to me because I've done a lot of stuff in the music community around Colorado and for musicians in general. Together, we were looking for something that fit the scope of the album, which was going to have a hodgepodge of artists. So they wanted it to fit that but weren't too specific to a genre — [just] Colorado, but more Denver-centric. It was an assignment that was definitely ‘do your style, do your thing.' It's certainly in line with other stuff I've done.
303: Have you ever created album art before this?
JV: I've done album artwork for friends' bands and some very small labels in the past, but never a record sleeve.
303: Who are you excited about on the album?
JV: I'm excited about Gregory Alan Isakov because I've done stuff for him in the past and I'm just a fan of his music. The album seems like a good sampling of Denver music and a good array of genres.
303: Are you a fan of vinyl personally?
JV: I do listen to records at my house, and I'm a member of Vinyl Me, Please. I've done work for them in the past actually. I created artwork and a t-shirt for a War on Drugs album several years ago. The artwork was one of the prints that came with the record and we ran the t-shirt for a little while through them.
303: What's something you were excited to work on with this project?
JV: Supporting local music — I don't usually get to do a lot of local stuff. Promoters don't usually ask [artists] to create art for music in their own city or state. They think local people have seen the stuff too much or something. It's nothing unique to me, it's just how it works. You know, I'd like to do more Red Rocks posters, but at the same time, I understand why it is that way.
303: Where's your favorite place to see music in Denver?
JV: The Bluebird.
Tickets for 303 Music Fests are available here. Pre-order for 303 Music Vol. 1 can be found here.
Following through on his pledge made in December 2017, Governor Larry Hogan has unveiled legislation and other measures to protect Marylanders from state and local tax increases resulting from the recent federal tax overhaul. He also announced that the administration will take immediate steps to address health insurance rates set to skyrocket as a result of dysfunction and inaction in Washington, D.C., and will work with the Maryland General Assembly to develop common sense solutions to protect health care coverage for thousands of Marylanders.
“For three years, our administration has been singularly focused on helping to struggle Maryland families, restoring our economy, and delivering relief for Maryland's beleaguered, long-suffering taxpayers,” said Governor Hogan. “We simply cannot afford to slam our state in reverse and return to the days of burdensome, crippling tax hikes. Our administration is fully committed to doing everything we can to reduce the impact of this federal government-imposed tax burden on Marylanders.”
A comprehensive analysis of the impact of the federal legislation on Maryland state taxes and taxpayers by Comptroller Peter Franchot concluded that, while most Marylanders will see their federal taxes decrease by an aggregate $2.8 billion, state and local taxes will increase by a projected $572 million in fiscal year 2019 if no action is taken. This increase results from the loss or reduction of several longstanding federal deductions and exemptions, including: state and local tax, or SALT, deductions; certain deductions for mortgage rates and home equity lines of credit; and charitable deductions. The comptroller's analysis found that the increase would impact nearly 800,000 Marylanders and be disproportionately felt by middle-class taxpayers.
After weeks of work by the administration's economic advisors and staff, in conjunction with the comptroller's office and private sector experts, the governor unveiled the following actions to hold Maryland taxpayers harmless:
First, the governor announced the Protecting Maryland Taxpayers Act of 2018, which makes permanent a provision in Maryland law that prevents changes in the federal tax code from affecting Maryland state and local taxes. The legislation will enable Marylanders who choose to take the standard tax deduction at the federal level to itemize deductions at the state level, whereas currently taxpayers opting to take the federal standard deduction also have to do so at the state level. This provision will make it possible for Marylanders to get “the best of both worlds” by taking advantage of the higher federal standard deduction while still utilizing longstanding deductions at the state level.
The bill also addresses an additional potential $1.2 billion tax increase Marylanders could face in fiscal year 2019 as a result of changes to personal exemptions and ambiguity in state law. The governor stressed the need to find a legislative solution to this ambiguity, rather than subject Maryland taxpayers to the confusion and uncertainty of potentially differing legal opinions.
“Let me be very clear – under our proposed legislation, Marylanders will not pay one cent more in state taxes as a result of the actions as the federal level. Our legislation ensures that this money will remain in the pockets of hardworking Maryland families and small business owners,” said the governor.
Secondly, acknowledging that multiple legislators have put forward proposals to address this issue, the governor called on the Maryland General Assembly to work with his administration to devise a collaborative solution. The governor named Budget Secretary David Brinkley, Labor Secretary Kelly Schulz, Health Secretary Bobby Neall, Chief Legislative Officer Chris Shank, and Senior Advisor Keiffer Mitchell – all of whom joined him for the announcement – to work directly with legislative leaders to negotiate an agreement that both the administration and the legislature can support before the Fiscal Year 2019 budget is passed.
The governor also called on the legislature to work with his negotiation task force on another critical issue facing the state as a result of actions – or inaction – in Washington: the impending massive increases in health insurance rates of 50 percent or more due to Congress' inability to fix federal health care laws. Rates, which have been increasing for Marylanders for nearly a decade as a direct result of changes to federal health care laws, are set to skyrocket due to dysfunction and gridlock preventing Washington policymakers from developing solutions.
The governor directed his task force to collaborate with legislative leaders to develop common sense, bipartisan solutions to stabilize the insurance markets and protect Maryland's Medicare waiver. Failure to do so would jeopardize health care coverage for thousands of Marylanders, along with $2 billion annually for the state.
“Very simply, it seems that neither political party in Washington – Republicans nor Democrats – have the will or the ability to fix these problems, but our state will address them head-on. These issues are much too important and the impact is too far-reaching for us to risk getting it wrong,” said Governor Hogan. “Nearly every day, we see the effects of divisive rhetoric and political polarization in Washington, but in Maryland, we have chosen a different path. No problem faces us that hard work, honesty, and courage cannot solve if we work together.”
Related
Category: Local News, NEWS
A Mastic man was killed Tuesday afternoon when he lost control of a motorcycle and crashed into a utility pole in Bellport, Suffolk police said.
Tyler Joseph LeBron, 23, died in the 5:40 p.m. crash at Montauk Highway and Brookhaven Avenue after he crossed over the highway on a 2004 Suzuki motorcycle and struck the pole, Fifth Squad detectives said.
He was pronounced dead on the scene by a physician assistant from the Office of the Suffolk County Medical Examiner, police said.
The crash is under investigation.
Holiday homes are big business for golf clubs
In April we found two golf clubs that want to build hundreds of homes between them, and recently we reported on one club that wanted to sell its clubhouse to have it replaced by apartments and another that was willing to convert nine of its holes into housing.
Now we've found an Essex golf club that is warning that it could close down if it isn't allowed to build 10 two-bed holiday units. It is clear this is a financial lifeline for the industry.
Nine-hole golf is booming
It's long been said that the obvious way to cut the amount of time it takes to play a round of golf, which many believe is too drawn out, is by offering fewer than 18 holes. In recent years, however, there hasn't been much data to show if this is actually a popular measure.
That has now changed. Figures from all the home golf unions show nine-hole golf is currently soaring; the most stunning increase is in Ireland where the number of competitive nine-hole rounds increased by more than 200 per cent between 2016 and 2017!
The governing bodies really want more women to play golf
There's never been so many initiatives launched by different governing bodies, all with the same objectives, at the same time.
The R&A has set up the ‘Women in Golf Charter' that will develop new projects for women's golf, the PGA has unveiled a female-focussed ‘We Love Golf' PR campaign and England Golf has created ‘Women on Par', a project involving innovative golf scoring and socialising.
It's common knowledge that the number of female golfers in the British Isles is low – figures range from just 12 to 16 per cent according to different research. However, these programmes are working – golf clubs in both Northern and the Republic of Ireland have reported that the number of female golfers has gone up by a third in just two years.
SUDBURY, Ont. — A strike by faculty members at Laurentian University is over now that the union and school have reached a tentative agreement.
The university says ratification votes will be held as soon as possible so that faculty and students can get back to class.
If it is ratified, classes at the university's Barrie, Ont., campus and online will resume Tuesday and those at the Sudbury, Ont., campus will start Oct. 16 after the fall break.
Details of the proposed deal have not been released.
"Some of the best stuff I've ever seen," Rizzo said.
In only his second post-season appearance — remember the shutdown of 2012 and the arm injury of 2016? — the righty showed precisely the sort of power and poise that made him the No. 1 pick in baseball's amateur draft. Until the sixth inning, that is. That's when everything changed in a matter of minutes.
Until then, the Cubs managed only one baserunner, and that was via a walk. But Baez led off with a bouncer that Rendon gloved, then bobbled while trying to transfer it to his throwing hand. It was Rendon's first error since July 22; he made only seven in 145 regular-season games.
After Hendricks' bunt moved Baez to second, 2016 NL MVP Bryant lined Strasburg's 60th pitch, a four-seam fastball, to right-centre for the game's first run. Harper's throw was high, and Bryant went to second. Two pitches later, on another fastball, Rizzo sent a sinking shot to right, where Harper came up just short of a diving catch, and suddenly it was 2-0.
As pitching coach Mike Maddux came out for a mound visit with Strasburg, Rizzo whooped it up at the bag, high-fiving first base coach Brandon Hyde.
Strasburg wound up allowing just those two unearned runs in seven innings, with three hits and one walk.
"We waited him out and we took advantage of opportunities," Rizzo said.
Hendricks went about things differently — his best fastball is about 10 mph slower than Strasburg's — but was every bit as good. The slender righty from Dartmouth, who led the NL in ERA last season, did not give up a hit after the second inning. He walked three batters and struck out six.
In the Washington ninth, Ryan Zimmerman was called out when catcher Willson Contreras' throw hit the player in the back as he ran to first on a dropped third strike.
While the Cubs are no longer the "Lovable Losers" after last year's championship, the Nationals were the NL East champions for the fourth time in six seasons but have yet to win a playoff series.
Their undoing in the past has often been poor hitting and bad relief pitching, and it was the former that was most glaring this time.
Yes, Harper — wearing shoes with "Pray for Las Vegas" written on the side following the recent mass shooting in his hometown — did single in the first inning, but was 0 for 3 in his other at-bats as he tries to regain his timing after returning recently from a long injury layoff. Rendon, Zimmerman, Daniel Murphy, Trea Turner and Jayson Werth were a combined 0 for 17 with three walks.
SUSPENSION
Less than a half-hour before the game, the Nationals announced that assistant hitting coach Jacque Jones has been suspended with pay pending an internal investigation. The team said the suspension is connected to a legal matter. The 42-year-old Jones retired as a player in 2008 after 10 years with four teams.
SCALISE'S PITCH
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise threw out the ceremonial first pitch, less than four months after the Louisiana Republican was shot while practicing for an annual charity baseball game featuring members of Congress. Scalise returned to the House last week.
UP NEXT
Cubs: Lester makes the 20th post-season start of his career, which includes three World Series titles and an NLCS MVP award last year. He is 9-7 with a 2.63 ERA over his post-season career.
Nationals: Gonzalez goes in Game 2 instead of two-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer, who is slated for Game 3 at Wrigley Field on Monday. Scherzer has been dealing with a sore right hamstring. It will be Gonzalez's first playoff start at home since Game 5 of the 2012 NLDS against St. Louis, when he was staked to a 6-0 lead in a game Washington lost 9-7.
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Howard Fendrich, The Associated Press
TORONTO — Stock indexes are down this morning, giving up some of the week's gains.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was down 81.78 points to 15,694.52, after 90 minutes of trading.
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 23.23 points to 22,752.16. The S&P 500 index was down 6.58 points to 2,545.49 and the Nasdaq composite index was down 11.26 points to 6,574.10.
The Canadian dollar was trading at 79.70 cents US, up from Thursday's average price of 79.69 cents US.
New Delhi: Delhi, Bengal and Vidarbha on Monday joined Karnataka as the three other teams to enter the semi-finals of the 2017 Ranji Trophy, Indian domestic cricket`s premier championship.
While Delhi thrashed Madhya Pradesh by seven wickets to reach the last four, Bengal rode on their first innings lead over defending champions Gujarat in the drawn quarter-final tie. Vidarbha, on the other hand, prevailed over Kerala by 412 runs to reach the semis.
Karnataka had on Sunday humbled 41-time Ranji champions Mumbai by an innings and 20 runs in the fourth quarter-final contest.
On Monday, Delhi rode on skipper Gautam Gambhir`s valiant 95 to chase down MP`s modest target of 217 at the ACA Cricket Ground in Vijayawada.
Gambhir, who faced 129 balls and struck nine fours and a six, was involved in two fruitful partnerships as the southpaw first added 98 runs for the second wicket with Kunal Chandela (57 off 85 balls) and then 95 with Dhruv Shorey (46 not out off 77 balls) before being run out, five short of a ton.
This was Delhi`s fourth outright win of the Ranji season, having finished second in Group A with 27 points to Karnataka`s 32.
In Jaipur, Bengal rode on their 130-run first innings lead and then centuries from Writtick Chatterjee (216), Abhimanyu Easwaran (114) in the second essay to enter the semi-finals even as the quarter-final contest against Gujarat ended in a dull draw.
The other quarter-final at Surat, witnessed complete dominance from Vidarbha, who rode on centuries from skipper Faiz Fazal (119) and Apoorv Wankhade (107) to set Kerala an improbable 578-run target .
In response, Kerala succumbed to the left-arm spin of Aditya Sarwate (6/41) to eventually finish on 165 and lose by a mammoth 412-run margin.
Deshhit: Know top 5 desh hit stories
Deshhit: This is a segment of Zee News which talks about top 5 desh hit stories. Watch this video for more information.
The season is over. The answers are all in.
No. 2 pencils down, everyone.
Grades for the 2017 Texas Rangers are due, and they didn't pass the test.
The Rangers failed in their attempted at an American League West three-peat and also fell short of a wild-card spot.
The Rangers were one of 10 teams to finish below .500 in the top-heavy AL. They were a middle-of-the-road team in the worst of the two leagues, so give them a C.
No offense to Phil Gosselin, Mike Hauschild, Pete Kozma, Preston Claiborne, Jhan Marinez and that ilk of minor contributors, but grading them would take up precious column space.
No grades were given the front office or coaching staff. As the architects and stewards of a team that relative to the rest of the league is a C, they get a C, too.
As it is, 33 grades (out of 59 players) are handed out below, A through F. No minuses or pluses. Alphabetical order with each grade. Only three players receive the highest mark, but only five receive the lowest.
As could probably be expected, the most frequently awarded grade is a C. Makes sense for a C of a team, right?
Let's take a look:
A's
Elvis Andrus: A career year for the shortstop has him in a position once thought unthinkable — opting out of his eight-year contract after next season. He was the Rangers' best player from Opening Day to the finale.
Alex Claudio: In a bullpen full of duds, Claudio was clearly the best. He might have been the best has the bullpen been better. He knows how to pitch with what he has, and became the most trusted reliever the Rangers had.
Joey Gallo: How can someone receive an A while batting .209? Based on where Gallo was after 2016, that's how. He spent the entire season in the majors, swatting 41 homers and playing three positions. He's a star in the making.
B's
Adrian Beltre: He doesn't get an A because he didn't play enough, but he doesn't get the F he feels like he deserves. When he played, he was producing like an MVP on a bum calf and, later, a bum hamstring. And whole 3,000-hit thing was pretty cool.
Austin Bibens-Dirkx: This 32-year-old rookie was a feel-good story, and an effective pitcher. He helped the Rangers stay in striking distance in May while Cole Hamels was injured and currently stands as one of the Rangers' top eight returning relievers.
Andrew Cashner: The season was an A for him, aside from a couple minor injuries. Cashner was the Rangers' best starting pitcher. He doesn't strike out hitters anymore, by design, but competes with a power sinker. He'll get paid this off-season.
Robinson Chirinos: The Rangers felt comfortable trading away Jonathan Lucroy because they had Chirinos, who set career-highs in homers and average while also having the confidence of the pitching staff. He's tough, too.
Shin-Soo Choo: Though he was upset with his season, Choo stayed healthy and was the Rangers' leading on-base man (among qualifiers). He also proved to be a steady hand in right field, and he popped 22 homers to match his career-high.
Delino DeShields: The Rangers win games when DeShields starts. They win more games when he scores a run. Though there are concerns about his defense in center field, the spark he gives the offense is invaluable.
Jake Diekman: He pitched only the final month, and was very good. He went through medical hell for six months to make his life and career better. The inspirational left-hander could very well be the Rangers' closer in 2018.
Nomar Mazara: His average dipped as his quad injury flared in the final month, but Mazara proved to be a run producer. While runs batted in might not be a sexy statistic to numbers freaks, his team-high 101 RBI were lauded by his teammates and manager.
C's
Matt Bush: His future might well be as a starter after an inconsistent sophomore season that included a bumpy ride in his time at closer.
Willie Calhoun: So, he didn't contribute much in his first taste of the majors, yet he did good enough offensively and even in left field to be considered for a 2018 roster spot.
Yu Darvish: Traded on July 31, Darvish saw the Rangers lose 10 of his final 12 starts. Loaded with talent, he went out with a whimper by allowing 10 runs in his finale.
Carlos Gomez: The club hasn't ruled out re-signing a player they have come to love. He brings energy and an edge, and he can do a lot of a baseball field ... when healthy.
Cole Hamels: The staff ace admitted that his season was a miss because he failed to reach his goals. An injury cost him nearly two months. He was very good at times.
Keone Kela: After a demotion to start the season for an attitude adjustment, Kela was the Rangers' best reliever when healthy. But healthy was an issue for a second straight season.
Jose Leclerc: A surprise for the Opening Day roster, Leclerc found himself in key spots early on. But all the good steps forward he had taken were lost in the second half.
Martin Perez: His second half was B worthy, even though the stats show a lower first-half ERA. Perez finished with a flourish and is riding confidence entering 2018.
Ricky Rodriguez/Nick Gardewine: They're not the same pitcher, but they are both right-handers called up from Double A Frisco in August. They showed well at times and are candidates for the Opening Day roster.
D's
Tony Barnette: He might have pitched himself out of a $4 million club option. No pitcher in baseball allowed a higher percentage (51.2) of inherited runners to score.
A.J. Griffin: His ERA was nearly 6 (5.94) despite the only shutout of the season. Always susceptible to the homer, he was especially so this season (20 homer in 77 1/3 innings).
Jonathan Lucroy: High hopes were placed on the former All-Star catcher, and he dashed them all with one of the worst stretches of his career. He was traded July 30 to Colorado.
Nick Martinez: No one gave up more homers than Martinez, who issued 26 in only 111. 1/3 innings. But he was better than in 2017 and could be in the rotation next season.
Jurickson Profar: He didn't get a chance to overcome his slow start. Then, he didn't get many chances at all at the big-league level, not even in September.
Drew Robinson: Perhaps a tough grade for a rookie who didn't get regular playing time. Nevertheless, he was streaky at the plate and defensively.
Ryan Rua: He was given a chance to be the left fielder, albeit a short look. Some remain curious to see what he would do with regular playing time.
F's
Sam Dyson: He went 16 with a 10.80 ERA in 17 appearances as the incumbent closer, and then had the nerve to go and flourish with the San Francisco Giants.
Jeremy Jeffress: He was rarely effective in 2017 before a trade back to Milwaukee, which sent him to the Rangers in 2016.
Mike Napoli: The fan favorite managed to hit only .193 with 163 strikeouts. Though he hit 29 homers, too often he came up empty in key spots.
Rougned Odor: Odor hit 30 home runs in the first year of his six-year, $49.5 million deal. But he batted .204, slugged.649, struck out 162 times and left 265 runners.
Tyson Ross: The worst signing of the winter and one of the worst by general manager Jon Daniels, Ross never shed the rust from a year-long layoff and off-season surgery.
DETROIT (WWJ) – Michigan State Police have shut down westbound I-94 in Detroit as they search for evidence in a string of random freeway shootings.
Police are looking for a suspect who fired at four vehicles, injuring one person, last Thursday, December 7.
MSP closed westbound I-94 from Conner to Gratiot Ave., beginning at 11 a.m. Monday. Traffic will be able to reenter the freeway at Van Dyke. Later in the day, police will shut down westbound I-96, from Livernois to the Davison, for a similar investigation.
Expect traffic delays.
Speaking live on WWJ Newsradio 950, MSP First Lt. Mike Shaw explained the closures are to sweep for evidence from the Thursday shootings, before the plow trucks go through.
“This is really our last chance to go back out there and take a look at this incident, make sure we've recovered any piece of evidence that we wanted to get before the snow storm and the salt and the trucks and all that kind of stuff takes everything away for ever,” Shaw said.
Police said four vehicles were shot at on Thursday morning on I-96 and I-94 in Detroit. Last week it was believed that three cars had been shot at, but a fourth victim came forward over the weekend.
Shaw said all four shootings happened within about a 15 minute span, Thursday afternoon, and there have been no additional shootings on Detroit freeways since Thursday. There have been additional MSP patrols on I-94 and I-96 since that time.
Investigators say the victims do not seem to be connected and investigators do believe the shootings were random. .
Shaw said at this time they're not considering this suspect a “serial shooter.”
“This is one incident with four victims,” Shaw said. “So we're not ready to say that this is some type of serial incident. We think that this is a very isolated incident to an individual that was operating on a dare, (or) an individual that was maybe intoxicated or mad at the world for about a half-hour to 45 minutes.”
There is no specific description of the shooter at this time, but police said a gray or silver vehicle was seen at two of the shootings.
“Right now what we're doing is looking at the evidence that we've collected from all the vehicles, looking at any other evidence that we collected on the freeways already, going back through and making sure with our explosive dogs that there's nothing else out on the freeway system that we want to collect,” Shaw said.
Police are continuing to look for tips. Anyone with information should call 313-237-2450 or the Crime Stoppers anonymous tip line at 1-800-SPEAK-UP.
More Videos
8:01 Tommy Manion describes BB gun incident with horse
0:20 Arlington and Grand Prairie police need help identifying two purse snatchers
1:11 So, you know everything about the Fort Worth Stock Show and Rodeo. Sure about that?
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
1:20 Nervous about jogging after the attacks in Tarrant County? Keep these safety tips in mind
1:26 Hyperloop One promises travel in a tube at jet speeds. So how do they do it?
2:48 West side motel owner ordered to clean up or face closure
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
2:06 Grand Prairie wins first place award for parks and recreation programs, beats Arlington
0:47 Need party planning ideas? Watch the Fort Worth Zoo's baby ape celebrate her first birthday
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
New Delhi: The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has signed two more advance pricing agreements (APAs) with taxpayers as part of its aim to reduce litigation by providing certainty in transfer pricing.
The two APAs were signed during the month of September. They relate to automobile and healthcare consulting sectors.
With the signing of these two agreements, the total number of APAs has reached 177.
These include 164 unilateral APAs and 13 bilateral APAs.
In fiscal 2017-18, 25 APAs (two bilateral and 23 unilateral) have been signed till date, the CBDT said in a statement.
The statement said international transactions covered in these two APAs include provision of IT enabled services, provision of software development services and provision of engineering design services.
It was pointed out that the APA scheme endeavours to provide certainty to taxpayers in the domain of transfer pricing by specifying the methods of pricing and determining the arm`s length price of international transactions in advance for a maximum period of five future years.
Noting that since its inception, the APA scheme has attracted tremendous interest among multi-national enterprises (MNEs), the statement said,"the progress of the APA scheme strengthens the government`s commitment of fostering a non- adversarial tax regime."
peter and the wolf
Peter and the Wolf by Russian composer Sergei Prokofiev is a story in music for narrator and orchestra. Considered the greatest piece of classical music ever written for children, Peter and the wolf teaches the listener about the instruments in the symphony orchestra by relating them to characters in the story. For example, in “Peter and the Wolf” the ducks' theme is played by an oboe, the cat's theme is played by a clarinet, the grandfather's theme is played by the bassoon, the wolf's theme is played by the timpani drums, and lastly, Peter's theme is played by the strings in the orchestra.
The best recording of Peter and the Wolf is from Maestro Classics and the London Philharmonic Orchestra with narrator Yadu and conductor Stephen Simon. This is the only known recording that includes a complete instrumental version of “Peter and the Wolf” in addition to the story in music with narration. The Maestro Classics CD/MP3 contains extra educational tracks with the conductor of the orchestra, a music and history lesson about Peter and the Wolf & Sergei Prokofiev, a guest performance of “Peter and the Wolf” and “Kalinka” (a traditional Russian folk song) by Trio Voronezh, and a 24-page activity book for kids.
Where's ‘best smile' now?, Adeline Daley, 1979
It's become traditional for high school graduation classes to select “senior superlatives” for the yearbook.
Nominations are duly made and the seniors themselves vote on their selections. Various categories are cited: brainiest, most likely to succeed, the best athlete, best looking and, not to omit, “couple of the year.”
Sometimes, however, by the time the latter honor is conferred at the awards assembly the “dynamic duo” has split, gone the way of Liz and Dick, Sonny and Cher and Chip and Annette Carter. Each goes up to receive the award, arising from different sections of the auditorium, exchanging dirty looks en route.
I know one mother who practically seethes at the mere mention of “couple of the year.” Her daughter went on to earn a Phi Beta Kappa key while her ex-boyfriend hasn't drawn a steady salary or a sober breath since he graduated from high school. Fortunately, they had long broken up, but their four-year romance will forever be recorded in the high school annual.
There are lesser yearbook honors, too: best smile, legs, the best bod, best dressed and even one for “hair,” a classification that mystifies me.
In my recollection, no one of either sex with short hair has ever been chosen. One must assume this distinction is judged on the basis of length rather than body; no dandruff, a lot of golden highlights and hair that comes closest to resembling a shampoo commercial. Neatness does not count.
I wish the high school from which I graduated several years ago (OK, make that several decades) had selected senior superlatives, instead of merely naming a valedictorian and salutatorian. I was not one. (Heck, I can barely spell them.)
In best-selling novels of this type, it is traditional that the “class clown” show up at the 20-year reunion as Sister Cookie, a devout nun, and that the male cut-up has become president of a university.
“Most likely to succeed,” of course, ends up on skid row. “Best dressed” boy was last seen in a sweatshirt and plaid Bermuda shorts and the female winner stays in a robe until 4 o'clock daily.
By the same token, “best smile” now uses her store-bought choppers as part of an Efferdent commercial, and “hair,” male version, goes by the nickname Billiard Ball or Bald Eagle.
Recently, several top Hollywood sex symbols revealed that they were “senior unsuperlatives” (they were not very popular in high school). Wallflowers, no less. Linda Ronstadt, Ali MacGraw, Candice Bergen and Barbra Streisand are a few who come to mind.
As someone whose brothers dubbed her “the dateless wonder,” the latter information brightened my day as much as observing that Liz Taylor has put on weight.
I know of one former high school senior, a classmate of my daughter Kathy's who was bypassed in both the most-talented and best-looking categories. Her name was Suzanne (Boney) Mahoney, now better known as Suzanne Somers, sexpot star of “Three's Company.”
This column originally appeared in The San Francisco Chronicle June 14, 1979.
CINCINNATI (AP) — The Latest on the release of U.S. college student Otto Warmbier after months of detention in North Korea (all times local):
5:55 p.m.
Former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson says there should be an investigation into what happened to an American college student who was imprisoned in North Korea and was returned to his home state of Ohio in a coma.
Otto Warmbier (WORM'-bir) was in a coma when he landed in Cincinnati late Tuesday. The 22-year-old University of Virginia student was taken by ambulance to a hospital. His parents say they were told he had been in the coma for more than a year.
Advertisement
A hospital spokeswoman hasn't provided an update on his condition.
Richardson says it's a “tragic situation.”
The Democrat and former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations credits the Department of State for working to get the student back home. But he says the U.S. government has to respond forcefully if it's determined the student's condition wasn't disclosed “and he didn't get proper treatment.”
___
2:50 p.m.
The parents of a college student released by North Korea after 17 months of detention are expected to discuss their son's condition publicly.
Otto Warmbier was in a coma when he landed in Cincinnati late Tuesday night. The 22-year-old University of Virginia student was taken by ambulance to the University of Cincinnati Medical Center.
His parents, Fred and Cindy Warmbier, say they were told he had been in the coma for over a year.
A hospital spokeswoman didn't provide an update on his condition. She says the parents plan a Thursday morning news conference. Fox News also is expected to air an interview with them Wednesday night.
Warmbier was serving a 15-year prison term with hard labor in North Korea. He tearfully confessed to trying to steal a propaganda banner while visiting.
___
1:20 a.m.
An American college student who was released from a North Korean prison is finally home but in a coma and undergoing treatment at an Ohio hospital.
An airplane carrying Ohio native Otto Warmbier landed in Cincinnati late Tuesday night. The 22-year-old was then taken by ambulance to the University of Cincinnati Medical Center.
Warmbier was serving a 15-year prison term with hard labor in North Korea for alleged anti-state acts.
In Warmbier's hometown of Wyoming, just outside of Cincinnati, residents tied ribbons to trees and said news of his release had sent waves of shock and joy through the community.
The State Department secured Warmbier's release at President Donald Trump's direction.
A hospital spokeswoman says Warmbier's family is expected to hold a news conference Thursday morning at Wyoming High School.
Pop star Justin Bieber will not be arrested for skipping a June 22 deposition in a civil suit arising from egg-throwing vandalism against a neighbor in 2014.
A Los Angeles judge on Tuesday declined to issue a bench warrant for Bieber's arrest, reported TMZ.com, citing a court clerk. The website gave no reason for the judge's decision, and speculated that Bieber, 24, and his former neighbor in tony Calabasas, California, had agreed on a new date for the deposition.
Bieber in November 2014 paid $80,900 in restitution to automotive digital-marketing pioneer Jeffrey Schwartz as part of a no-contest plea bargain in a criminal vandalism charge. The amount included $20,000 in home-restoration costs. Bieber also was sentenced to since-completed probation and community service, and ordered to attend anger-management classes.
In March 2015, Schwartz and his wife Suzanne filed a civil suit in Los Angeles Superior Court for unspecified damages, contending assault, battery and emotional distress related to the January 2014 egg-throwing incident. The suit also contends that Bieber had bodyguards attempt to intimidate Schwartz in 2013 when Schwartz confronted Bieber over the pop star's purportedly reckless driving of a Ferrari on their residential neighborhood street.
TMZ said in March 2014 that Bieber, who had bought the Calabasas home for a little more than $6 million in 2012, had sold it to reality-TV star Khloé Kardashian for $7.2 million.
Bieber and 21-year-old model and "Drop the Mic" co-host Hailey Baldwin, daughter of Massapequa-native actor Stephen Baldwin, were spotted on a Hamptons beach Tuesday, a day after the couple had been stranded on an Amagansett road when the singer's car broke down. Bieber's 2011 Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG, a limited-edition model with an original manufacturer's suggested retail price of $183,000, had a malfunction at the intersection of Old Stone Highway and Town Lane. The car was towed and the incident cleared at 4:14 p.m., according to East Hampton Town police.
Bieber has not commented on social media about the judge's decision.
Last week we saw the release of Judwaa 2 which shattered some good records at the box office. This week's release Chef did not have decent buzz pre-release of the film. Let's see how the film has opened at the box office.
Chef opened on a dull note on its 1st day, this may be because of multiple factors – one being the lukewarm buzz and second being Judwaa 2‘s dominance. Well, Chef is expected to perform better, it has got favourable reviews from all over. Saif Ali Khan's film opened at 10% to 15% morning occupancy which is a low affair at the ticket window.
Talking about the evolution that has come about due to technology, the National Award-winning Saif told IANS in an interview here: “India is like a different country now. I have witnessed some huge changes in terms of filmmaking techniques (in the last couple of decades). Digital (technology) has changed a lot of things. Things are done a lot faster now… In a way, that's good.
“I have stopped worrying about my first take though, because it's so easy to do one more now. Of course, I try and get it right always, but earlier I think there was a lot more attention on getting it right on the first attempt itself.
Trending :
“As editing and dubbing have become simpler, I worry less now as it can protect me. Today's acting style has changed to more international and natural. For me, it's more fun to do acting now.”
Saif, son of late cricketer Mansoor Ali Khan Pataudi and veteran actress Sharmila Tagore, was here to promote his forthcoming entertainer “Chef“. Directed by Raja Krishna Menon, it's an Indian adaptation of the 2014 American film of the same name by Jon Favreau and is slated for release on Friday.
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by his Italian upbringing and his years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
BEIJING: China always values the good neighbourliness and friendship with India, but it is also firm on upholding its "sovereign rights", interests and territorial integrity, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said on Saturday.
Beijing handled the Dokalam standoff with "restraint", showing the "emphasis" it places on ties with New Delhi, he said.
Touching on China's relations with major countries and its diplomatic initiatives last year, Yi, in a lengthy article in the Chinese International Studies journal, dwelt about Sino-India ties, stating that Beijing's diplomatic engagement with New Delhi resulted in India withdrawing its troops and equipment from Dokalam.
The journal is published by China Institute of International Studies, a think-tank attached to the Chinese Foreign Ministry.
The 73-day standoff at Dokalam over which Bhutan also has counter claims began in June last year when Indian troops objected to Chinese army building a road close to India's Chicken-Neck Corridor, a narrow corridor connecting north- eastern states.
The standoff ended on August 28 after Chinese troops agreed to stop building the road following which both the sides agreed on the "expeditious disengagement" of personnel at Dokalam, according to the External Affairs Ministry.
Yi said China always values the good neighbourliness and friendship with India as "we are each other's big neighbours and ancient civilisations".
In the meantime, China is also firm in upholding its sovereign rights and interests and territorial integrity, he said.
"We handled the Indian border troops trespass into China's Dong Long (Dokalam) area in our national interest, on just grounds and with restraint. Through diplomatic means, we engaged with the Indian side and it withdrew its equipment and personnel.
"This demonstrates not only the value and emphasis we put on relations with India but also our sincerity and sense of responsibility in maintaining regional peace and stability," the foreign minister said.
"We believe as we continue to engage in in-depth strategic communication and promptly dispel strategic misgivings, the strategic value of China-India cooperation will speak for itself and there will be a prospect of 'the Dragon and Elephant dancing together' and 1+1=11 effect as expected by the leaders," Yi said.
On Chinese diplomacy in general, he said China will continue to break new ground in pursuing major-country diplomacy with Chinese characteristics in the new era.
"We will take a longer and broader perspective, and be even more open-minded and resourceful in our diplomacy. We will give more consideration to the overall interests of the world and humanity, and work in a proactive manner," he said.
China will firmly uphold the existing international system with the UN at the core, and protect and expand the legitimate rights and interests of developing countries, he said.
"We will continue to act as a responsible major country to contribute to world peace, promote global development, and uphold the international order," Yi added.
Giancarlo Stanton has been saying all along that he's not worried. That he's not having trouble adjusting to New York and is just doing his thing like he always does.
Maybe it's time to listen to him after Stanton's three-run home run powered the Yankees to a 6-2 victory over the Braves at Yankee Stadium on Wednesday afternoon.
The Yankees took the rubber match against the NL East leaders despite losing rookie Gleyber Torres to a strained right hip after four innings. Torres, who had an MRI, will be placed on the 10-day disabled list on Thursday, manager Aaron Boone said.
With Torres down, Boone said Neil Walker will be the first man up at second. Torres has been a key cog for the Yankees, but Stanton is showing signs he could be ready to carry the team after an early part of his Yankees career that included plenty of strikeouts and boos.
“I'm close,” Stanton said.
Stanton can have at-bats that look completely non-competitive — when, in his words, he swings at “nonsense.”
Then he can swing and produce a mighty blast to the right-centerfield bleachers as he did in the third inning against Atlanta starter Julio Teheran.
“That's him,” Boone said. “You watch him take batting practice and his approach is to try and go that way. Obviously, in this building, it's a good approach to have, especially as a righthanded hitter when you have power.”
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
After the games of July 4, 2017, Stanton was hitting .265 with 21 home runs, 50 RBIs and an .870 OPS for the Marlins. He went on to hit an MLB-leading 59 homers.
After the games of July 4, 2018, Stanton is hitting .267 with 21 home runs, 51 RBIs and an .853 OPS. And he bats in a much better lineup in a much easier home-run hitting home ballpark.
“Just having better overall at-bats,” said Stanton, who is hitting .378 (17-for-45) with three homers and nine RBIs in his last 11 games. “There are some sloppy ones in there, but [being] consistent, better plans, better approach overall. I'm just giving myself the best chance to be successful out there.”
Is the best yet to come? If it is, the rest of baseball may not be able to keep the Yankees from breaking the all-time single-season home run record. The 1997 Mariners hit 264. The Yankees have hit 144 in 84 games, which puts them on pace to finish the season with 284.
They hit three more on Wednesday to back CC Sabathia, who allowed two runs in six innings for the victory. Aaron Judge hit his 24th — no shock there — and rookie catcher Kyle Higashioka homered for the second time in two days and for the third time in his brief career.
In fact, Higashioka has three career hits in 34 at-bats over the last two seasons and they are all home runs. He became the second Yankee to hit home runs for his first three hits (Alfonso Soriano, 1999-2000).
But the solo homers by Judge and Higashioka were just icing on the cake (whether it was for America's or John Sterling's birthday on Wednesday). The entree was served up by Stanton, who also homered in the Yankees' 8-5 win on Tuesday.
The Yankees were leading 1-0 on Greg Bird's second-inning RBI single when Stanton sent a 3-and-1 pitch deep into the humid afternoon sky. It was a no-doubter, unlike the wall-scraper Stanton hit to right on Tuesday.
Higashioka's homer to left in the fourth made it 5-0.
Sabathia (6-3) allowed a run in the fifth on an RBI groundout by Danny Santana and another in the sixth on Johan Camargo's ninth home run. Sabathia gave up five hits, walked three, hit two batters and struck out five in a season-high 103-pitch effort.
Judge's high solo shot to right off lefthander Luiz Gohara made it 6-2 in the sixth.
The Yankees are off on Thursday before beginning a three-city, 11-game road trip in Toronto on Friday leading into the All-Star break.
Stanton may not make the AL All-Star team, but Boone thinks last year's NL MVP is just getting warmed up.
“Game in and game out I feel like there's more at-bats where he's on,” Boone said. “From a timing standpoint, when he's on, he's as deadly as there is and we're starting to see that on a more consistent level. That's really all I can say about it.”
FLINT, Mich. (AP) – A federal appeals court has rejected a challenge to Michigan's age limit for judges.
Candidates can't run for election if they're 70 or older. Genesee County Judge Michael Theile can't run again in 2020 because he'll be 71.
He says the age limit in Michigan's Constitution is irrational, noting there's no age restrictions on governors, state lawmakers or federal judges. The appeals court found Theile's arguments to be eloquent, but it said Tuesday that it must follow the results of similar cases.
The court and the U.S. Supreme Court have upheld age restrictions in the past. The Supreme Court said Missouri's age limit was rationally related to concerns about judges' mental fitness.
© 2018 Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
[India], Mar 20 (ANI): Jailed All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) leader VK Sasikala's husband Natarajan Maruthappa passed away on Tuesday at around 1.35 am at the Gleneagles Global hospital in Chennai.
According to the death certificate, the 75-year-old died due to multiple-organ failure.
Shanmuga Priyan, Chief Operation Officer, Gleneagles Global Health City, Chennai, released a statement, saying that every possible attempt was made to sustain his revival. However, despite their best efforts, he was unable to recover.
Natarajan had also undergone a liver and kidney transplant in 2017. Sasikala is currently serving a four-year imprisonment and is lodged in central prison in Bengaluru in a disproportionate assets case. (ANI)
Jets fans have been waiting for this moment and it came with a cost. The Jets lost starting quarterback Josh McCown for the rest of the season with a broken left (non-throwing) hand, it was announced Monday.
With that, the two young quarterbacks, Bryce Petty and Christian Hackenberg have a chance to play in an NFL game. Petty will start Sunday against the Saints. Hackenberg will be the No. 2.
“Josh has been a rock for a lot of us on this team,” Hackenberg told Newsday after Sunday's game. “We hate, all of us, hate seeing that. He's been awesome. The most important part is making sure he's all right. We'll be ready and keep preparing, we've always done that, but it hurts.”
Hackenberg, a 2016 second-round pick, will be active for the game-day roster for just the second time in his career.
Since 2000, there have been 20 quarterbacks drafted in the second round of the NFL Draft, and only Hackenberg hasn't played in a game.
The mystery surrounding Hackenberg's inability to make the game-day roster is clear: He wasn't ready.
Todd Bowles said Hackenberg has no choice but to get ready now.
“Yeah, I am, he'll get reps this week, too,” Bowles said when asked if he is comfortable using Hackenberg in a game.
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
At least three hours before games, Hackenberg throws passes to teammates, trainers or ball boys. Sunday in Denver, Hackenberg was throwing red-zone passes to defensive lineman Mike Pennel even though he wasn't active.
Sunday in New Orleans, he will be.
“I know Josh has been great for both Bryce and Hack,” center Wesley Johnson said. “He's been the leader for our offense, but he's also been a coach for everybody, too. I'm excited, I think [Petty] will do well.”
President Donald Trump hosted the 139th Easter Egg Roll on the White House lawn on April 17, 2017.
(Credit: AFP/Getty Images/BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI) (Credit: AFP/Getty Images/BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI) Barron Trump waves while standing with US First Lady Melania Trump and US President Donald Trump during the Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House April 17, 2017 in Washington, DC.
(Credit: EPA/SHAWN THEW) (Credit: EPA/SHAWN THEW) US President Donald J. Trump, with the Easter Bunny, delivers remarks from the Truman Balcony during the White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC, USA, 17 April 2017. President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump are hosting thousands of people during the annual celebration of Easter.
(Credit: AP/Carolyn Kaster) (Credit: AP/Carolyn Kaster) First lady Melania Trump, accompanied by the Easter Bunny, speaks from the Truman Balcony during the annual White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Monday, April,17, 2017.
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE
(Credit: EPA/SHAWN THEW) (Credit: EPA/SHAWN THEW) US President Donald J. Trump (C), with First Lady Melania Trump (L) and the Easter Bunny, delivers remarks from the Truman Balcony during the White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC, USA, 17 April 2017. President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump are hosting thousands of people during the annual celebration of Easter.
(Credit: EPA/OLIVIER DOULIER / SIPA POOL) (Credit: EPA/OLIVIER DOULIER / SIPA POOL) US President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump blow a whistle to start an egg roll during the annual Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC, USA, 17 April 2017.
(Credit: EPA/SHAWN THEW) (Credit: EPA/SHAWN THEW) Children participate in the egg roll during the White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC, USA, 17 April 2017. President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump are hosting thousands of people during the annual Easter celebration.
(Credit: Getty Images/Chip Somodevilla) (Credit: Getty Images/Chip Somodevilla) Donning a 'Make America Great Again' hat, 10-year-old Olivia Smith of Red Hook, NY, rolls an colored egg down the White House South Lawn during the 139th Easter Egg Roll April 17, 2017 in Washington, DC. The White House said 21,000 people are expected to attend the annual tradition of rolling colored eggs down the White House lawn that was started by President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1878.
(Credit: AFP/Getty Images/SAUL LOEB) (Credit: AFP/Getty Images/SAUL LOEB) Three-year-old Abigail (R) and 10-month-old Caroline (L) participate in an Easter egg roll race during the 139th White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC, April 17, 2017.
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE
(Credit: AFP/Getty Images/SAUL LOEB) (Credit: AFP/Getty Images/SAUL LOEB) Children participate in an Easter egg roll race during the 139th White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC, April 17, 2017.
(Credit: AFP/Getty Images/SAUL LOEB) (Credit: AFP/Getty Images/SAUL LOEB) Children participate in an Easter egg roll race during the 139th White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC, April 17, 2017.
(Credit: AFP/Getty Images/SAUL LOEB) (Credit: AFP/Getty Images/SAUL LOEB) Tinsley Arenstein, age 3, from Arlington, Virginia, participates in an Easter egg roll race during the 139th White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC, April 17, 2017.
(Credit: AFP/Getty Images/SAUL LOEB) (Credit: AFP/Getty Images/SAUL LOEB) Children participate in an Easter egg roll race during the 139th White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC, April 17, 2017.
(Credit: Getty Images/Chip Somodevilla) (Credit: Getty Images/Chip Somodevilla) Children pose for photographs with one of the costumed Easter Bunny characters during the 139th Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House April 17, 2017 in Washington, DC. The White House said 21,000 people are expected to attend the annual tradition of rolling colored eggs down the White House lawn that was started by President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1878.
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE
(Credit: Getty Images/Chip Somodevilla) (Credit: Getty Images/Chip Somodevilla) Four-year-old Vittoria Colonna of Marcus Hook, PA, rolls an colored egg down the White House South Lawn during the 139th Easter Egg Roll April 17, 2017 in Washington, DC. The White House said 21,000 people are expected to attend the annual tradition of rolling colored eggs down the White House lawn that was started by President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1878.
(Credit: EPA/OLIVIER DOULIERY / SIPA POOL) (Credit: EPA/OLIVIER DOULIERY / SIPA POOL) US President Donald J. Trump (C) greets guests during the annual Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC, USA, 17 April 2017.
(Credit: EPA/SHAWN THEW) (Credit: EPA/SHAWN THEW) White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer uses his phone camera during the White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC, USA, 17 April 2017. President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump are hosting thousands of people during the annual celebration of Easter.
(Credit: Getty Images/Chip Somodevilla) (Credit: Getty Images/Chip Somodevilla) Seasame Street's Elmo makes an appearance during the 139th Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House April 17, 2017 in Washington, DC. The White House said 21,000 people are expected to attend the annual tradition of rolling colored eggs down the White House lawn that was started by President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1878.
(Credit: Getty Images/Win McNamee) (Credit: Getty Images/Win McNamee) A young guest prepares to roll his Easter Egg during the 139th Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House April 17, 2017 in Washington, DC. The White House said 21,000 people were expected to attend the annual tradition of rolling colored eggs down the White House lawn that was started by President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1878.
(Credit: AFP/Getty Images/SAUL LOEB) (Credit: AFP/Getty Images/SAUL LOEB) The Easter Bunny greets attendees during the 139th White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC, April 17, 2017.
(Credit: EPA/OLIVIER DOULIERY / SIPA POOL) (Credit: EPA/OLIVIER DOULIERY / SIPA POOL) US First Lady Melania Trump hugs a girl as they make cards for members of the military at the annual Easter Egg roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC, USA, 17 April 2017.
(Credit: EPA/OLIVIER DOULIERY / SIPA POOL) (Credit: EPA/OLIVIER DOULIERY / SIPA POOL) US First Lady Melania Trump reads a book to children at the annual Easter Egg roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC, USA, 17 April 2017.
(Credit: TNS/Olivier Douliery) (Credit: TNS/Olivier Douliery) President Donald Trump makes cards for members of the military at the annual Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House April 17, 2017 in Washington, D.C.
(Credit: AP/Susan Walsh) (Credit: AP/Susan Walsh) President Donald Trump talks with children as be sits down to write a letter to a service member during the annual White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Monday, April 17, 2017.
(Credit: Getty Images/Win McNamee) (Credit: Getty Images/Win McNamee) A young guest rolls her Easter Egg during the 139th Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House April 17, 2017 in Washington, DC. The White House said 21,000 people were expected to attend the annual tradition of rolling colored eggs down the White House lawn that was started by President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1878.
(Credit: Getty Images/Win McNamee) (Credit: Getty Images/Win McNamee) A young guest cries while rolling her Easter Egg during the 139th Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House April 17, 2017 in Washington, DC. The White House said 21,000 people were expected to attend the annual tradition of rolling colored eggs down the White House lawn that was started by President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1878.
A year ago, I reviewed the third version of a Mac application called Grids, one of those rare native solutions for viewing Instagram posts on the desktop without a web browser. With support for multiple accounts, developer ThinkTime Creations had an early leg up on the mobile app at the time, but the inability to upload new content meant this third-party software was strictly a view-only experience.
Here's the story
IDG Grids 4.0 can finally post photos and videos to Instagram, even if they aren't in the service's traditional square format.
I'm happy to report Grids 4.0 for Instagram not only carries forward all the conveniences of the previous version (stuff like multiple layouts, keyboard shortcuts, and push notifications) but is also now capable of posting images or videos with optional tags and location data. Although Instagram remains stuck with traditional square photos, Grids will offer to add white space to non-square images before they're uploaded, a handy feature I took advantage of quite frequently.
In addition to posts, Grids also supports the social network's implementation of Snapchat-style Stories, those funky self-destructing slideshows that vanish after 24 hours. I'm not a teenager and therefore have little use for this kind of thing, but the feature otherwise works fine, despite the lack of text and drawing tools found in the mobile implementation.
IDG Snapchat-style, 24-hour Instagram Stories can also be posted from Grids 4.0, but without text or drawing tools.
Dare to share
Despite the ability to post new content, Grids 4.0 for Instagram has made little progress on other missing features noted in my earlier review. For example, you still can't zoom into an opened photo, a particularly grating limitation now that Instagram finally allows this in the official mobile app.
ThinkTime Creations Non-square photo upload? No problem, Grids 4.0 can automatically add the necessary white space to make it Instagram-friendly.
Another feature still missing is macOS sharing extension support. There's no one-click way to share Instagram posts via email, other apps, or other social networks without copying and pasting a URL. However, you can easily repost items from another user's feed onto your own, and saving images to disk remains an option.
It's worth nothing Grids comes in two flavors: A free version requiring an in-app upgrade for multiple accounts, uploads, direct messaging, and Stories; and another that costs $8 up-front with these features already enabled. That's a $3 increase from the prior version, but it's a free update for existing customers, and still a bargain for the convenience of posting photos on the Mac alone. (A Windows version is also available.)
ThinkTime Creations With an $8 in-app upgrade, Instagram users can view feeds on the Mac in one of four different ways.
Bottom line
The ability to post photos or videos to Instagram from the Mac makes Grids 4.0 a worthwhile purchase, but sharing to other social networks remains limited.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge is home to some of the country's finest museums. Along with the favourites that you've probably heard of, like the Fitzwilliam, there are also some hidden treasures waiting to be discovered.
From seeing famous historical artifacts up close, to venturing to the North and South Pole, visiting the city's museums will take you back in time and let you explore parts of the world you may never get the chance to visit.
Here's our guide to the best museums in Cambridge.
(Image: The Fitzwilliam Museum, Cambridge)
When you think of Cambridge museums, the Fitzwilliam is very likely to be the first one to spring to mind. Founded in 1816, the museum originated as a personal space for Viscount Fitzwilliam to keep his extensive collections of art, music and books.
The museum opened to the public in 1848, and has only continued to grow. It is home to one of the finest art collections in Britain and boasts artifacts from ancient Egypt, Greece, Rome and even further east.
Opening times: Tuesday-Saturday: 10am-5pm, Sunday/Bank Holiday Monday: 12pm-5pm, Closed Mondays.
Address: Trumpington Street, Cambridge, CB2 1RB
Car Parking: No visitor parking. The nearest car park is the Grand Arcade.
Admission: Admission is free, although donations are welcome.
For a full rundown of the Fitzwilliam, including the latest information on upcoming exhibitions, click here.
The University's Museum of Zoology is currently closed for renovation work, so for now, we'll just single out their Museum of Archaeology & Anthropology.
The collections at the museum span nearly two million years of history, with as many documentary and photographic collections as there are historic artifacts.
Opening Times: Tuesday-Saturday 10:30am-4:30pm, Sunday 12pm-4:30pm
Address: Downing Street, Cambridge, CB2 3DZ
Car Parking: The Grand Arcade car park is the closest to the museum.
Admission: Free for all.
Click here to find out more about the museum.
The Whipple Museum has an extensive collection including scientific artifacts dating as far back as the 17th century. Founded in 1944, the museum has spent many years collecting important pieces of scientific history- and they are now all housed under one roof.
Click here to find out more about the Whipple Museum.
Opening Times: 12:30pm-4:30pm Monday-Friday.
Address: Free School Lane, Cambridge, CB2 3RH
Car Parking: Once again, the Grand Arcade multi-storey car park is the closest.
Admission: Free for all.
The Museum of Cambridge
(Image: Roger Arbon)
Step inside a 17th-century building and explore the history of our city. The Museum of Cambridge isn't for tourists- in fact, it was opened up in 1936 specifically to teach Cambridge residents about their rich history.
The interactive museum will take you as far back as the 1600s, with a range of exhibitions taking you on a tour through different aspects of city life across the ages.
Opening Times: Tuesday-Saturday: 10:30am-5:00pm, Sunday: 12:00-4:00pm
Address: 2/3 Castle Street, Cambridge, CB3 0AQ
Car Parking: Park Street Car Park is the nearest
Admission: Adults- £4.00, Concessions- £2.00, Children under 12- free
Click here to find out more.
A smaller museum than the earlier entries in this list, The Polar Museum will teach you all about the expeditions of a number of polar explorers. It also boasts an extensive selection of items relating to the Polar regions.
Opening Times: Tuesday-Saturday 10:00am-4:00pm
Address: Lensfield Road, Cambridge, CB2 1EP
Car Parking: Queen Anne car park is the closest to the museum.
Admission: Free for all.
For more information on this museum, click here.
Forget going back a few centuries at some museums, how about taking a trip back 3,000 million years? With a plethora of old fossil collections, including wildlife that roamed the fens 150,000 years ago, the Sedgwick Museum is a must-visit location.
Opening Times: Monday-Friday 10:00am-1:00pm, 2:00pm-5:00pm, Saturday 10:00am-4:00pm.
Address: University Of Cambridge, Downing St, Cambridge CB2 3EQ
Car Parking: The Grand Arcade car park is the closest.
Admission: Free to all visitors.
Click here to find out more about the museum.
Kettle's Yard, which reopens February 10 after a major building project, hosts a range of both modern and contemporary art exhibitions.
The newly revamped space now offers a four-floor Education wing, new and improved exhibition galleries, a new entrance area and a café.
Opening Times: Tuesday-Sunday 12:00-5:00pm
Address: Castle Street, Cambridge, CB3 0AQ
Car Parking: Castle Hill is the closest car park.
Admission: Free entry.
Explore Kettle's Yard online right here.
Finally, something a little bit different. The Centre for Computing History offers a collection of computers and game consoles dating back to the sixties. From the gigantic original computer monitors, to SEGA games like Super Mario and Street Fighter, there's fun for everybody in this technology-focused museum.
Opening Times: Wednesday-Sunday 10:00am-5:00pm
Address: Rene Court, Coldham's Rd, Cambridge CB1 3EW
Car Parking: Free parking is available at the museum. Woohoo!
Admission: £8 for adults, £6 for children over five and free for the under five's. It's a £7 concession for students/carers and over sixties.
To find out more about this unique museum, head on over here.
TYLER, Texas (AP) - James Cavender, the founder of the Cavender's western wear retail chain, has died in East Texas.
Company Chief Financial Officer Jim Thompson says Cavender died Tuesday at East Texas Medical Center in Tyler. He was 87.
Thompson said Wednesday that Cavender, over the past few years, had health issues that left him hospitalized at various times. Thompson did not elaborate.
The company was founded in 1965 in Pittsburg, Texas, where Cavender still lived with his wife, Pat. Thompson says Cavender about 20 years ago turned over day-to-day business operations to his three sons.
The company, now based in Tyler, operates more than 70 stores in Texas, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Colorado, Missouri, Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, Alabama, Kansas and Nebraska.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Boise State's Sean Modster pulls in a touchdown reception during the second quarter against BYU during an NCAA college football game Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Provo, Utah. The Times-News via AP Drew Nash
London: Theresa May has come under fresh pressure from within her own party to step down as British prime minister as it emerged today that a former Conservative party chairman is leading an attempted coup against her.
Grant Shapps, co-chair of the ruling Tory party between 2012 and 2015, claims having the backing of nearly 30 party MPs ? including former Cabinet ministers.
He plans to spend the weekend taking that number up to the required 48 MPs to write to the chairman of the Conservative Party's powerful 1922 Committee of backbench MPs to trigger a leadership contest within the party.
"I think it's time we actually tackle this issue of leadership and so do many colleagues. We wanted to present that to Theresa May privately. Now I'm afraid it's being done a bit more publicly," Shapps told the BBC.
While 61-year-old May's own Cabinet has rallied around her, Shapps accused them of trying to overlook a series of blunders that made May's leadership of the party and the country untenable.
Calls for the British premier's resignation have been growing ever since a doomed general election in June, which lost the Tories their overall majority in Parliament.
Most recently, calls for May to step down have been revived as a result of a disastrous speech at the annual Conservative Party conference in Manchester.
Her key policy messages were all lost in a series of mishaps, including an interruption by a prankster, her own coughing fit and, to make matters worse, a faulty party message sign falling off on stage letter by letter.
"I think a growing number of my colleagues realise the solution isn't to bury our heads in the sand and hope things will get better. We have spoken to people from the Cabinet and ones who privately agree, I'm sure today publicly they will say otherwise," said Shapps during a series of media statements on the issue.
He said the group of MPs supporting him included members across policy divides and covered Brexiteers and those who supported remaining in the European Union (EU).
But at the same time there are party?colleagues who have jumped to May's support and accused Shapps of stirring up trouble when an "overwhelming majority" want her to carry on as premier.
"The truth is the overwhelming majority of Conservative MPs, the truth is the entirety of the Cabinet, the truth is the overwhelming majority of people, want the prime minister to concentrate on doing the job that 14 million people elected her to do earlier this year," said UK environment secretary Michael Gove, who had been one of the leadership contenders for the Conservatives alongside May when David Cameron exited 10, Downing Street after the Brexit vote last year.
Gove's intervention came as UK home secretary Amber Rudd made a very public appeal in 'The Daily Telegraph' asking May?to continue despite the "trio of mishaps" that blighted her conference speech.
"We, Theresa May's government, want to set out a better path, one that actually leads to a prosperous, secure and united country. We can do that, and we will under her leadership. She should stay," she wrote.
Charles Walker, the vice-chairman of the influential Tory backbench 1922 Committee, also came out strongly against the Shapps-led coup attempt.
He said, "No 10 must be delighted that it's Grant Shapps leading this alleged coup. Grant has many talents but one thing he doesn't have is a following in the party, so really I think this is going to fizzle out to be perfectly honest".
May, meanwhile, is recovering from her cold and cough that ruined her party speech at home in her Maidenhead constituency before spending the weekend at the prime minister's country retreat in Chequers.
Next week, on Wednesday, the 1922 Committee of backbench Tory MPs will meet for the first time since the party conference for what could be a crucial moment for the party's future and May's own leadership.
Lucknow: In a major development in the ongoing Samajwadi Party feud, Mulayam Singh Yadav has reportedly postponed the national convention of party called by him on 5th January.
The development was confirmed by Shivpal Yadav in a series of tweets.
नेताजी के आदेशानुसार समाजवादी पार्टी का 5 जनवरी का अधिवेशन फिलहाल स्थगित किया जाता है। सभी नेता और कार्यकर्ता (1/2) — Shivpal Singh Yadav (@shivpalsinghyad) January 2, 2017
... अपने-अपने क्षेत्र मेँ चुनाव की तैयारियोँ मेँ जुटे और जीत हासिल करने के लिए जी-जान से मेहनत करेँ। (2/2) — Shivpal Singh Yadav (@shivpalsinghyad) January 2, 2017
Why Mulayam had called convention?
Earlier, on Sunday, yhe ruling Samajwadi Party in Uttar Pradesh split down the middle with the faction headed by Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav removing Mulayam Singh Yadav as party chief and appointing him in his place at a convention in which the group claimed support of the majority of legislators and district units.
43-year-old Akhilesh was "unanimously" crowned the SP president as Ram Gopal moved a proposal to make Mulayam, the founder president of SP, the party patron at the convention, where the CM's faction claimed that over 200 of the party's 229 MLAs, around 30 MLCs, besides the majority of office bearers of district units were present.
The convention also authorised Akhilesh to constitute a national executive, parliamentary board and various state units, as required, and inform the Election Commission of the developments at the earliest.
The proposal to make Akhilesh SP chief was welcomed by a huge applause by nearly 5,000 partymen who had gathered at the sprawling Janeshwar Misra Park here.
Mulayam termed as illegal all decisions taken at the convention. In a hard-hitting letter, he said the convention had not been called with permission of the national president and so all decision taken there were invalid.
In a counter move, he also convened a national convention of the party on January 5 at the same venue here.
Although Mulayam warned that participation in the convention will be taken as indiscipline and action will be initiated against those attending it, almost all senior leaders who had been longtime associates of Mulayam shared the dais with Ram Gopal and Akhilesh.
Also, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav, on Monday is expected to approach the Election Commission today to stake claim for the party`s `cycle` symbol.
Sources said the new president has to approach the Election Commission according to the party`s convention to stake claim as the real Samajwadi Party. As per the party`s constitution, the president of the party allots symbols for an election.
There's nothing like a good date night.
Oscar winner Nicole Kidman and Grammy winner Keith Urban, both 50, had an evening out in New York City on Tuesday to celebrate the American Songbook Gala.
The glam couple dressed up to honor their friend HBO CEO Richard Plepler, who Kidman works with thanks to her award-winning turn in Big Little Lies.
Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban Marion Curtis/StarPix/Shutterstock
The Oscar winner took the chance to show off the couple's glitzy outfits on Instagram, adding a red heart emoji after declaring it a “date night.”
“On our way to the #AmericanSongbookGala honoring my dear friend Richard Plepler,” Kidman added.
RELATED VIDEO: Keith Urban on Wife Nicole Kidman Having the BAFTAs the Same Night as the Grammys
Kidman glowed in a gold Givenchy gown (the same iconic brand that made Meghan Markle's royal wedding dress) with her hair in an intricate up-do, while her hubby looked dapper in a black suit and tie.
Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban Mike Coppola/Getty
The couple were joined by Game of Thrones star Emilia Clarke at the gala, who was also there supporting Pleper.
Kidman is currently shooting the second season of Big Little Lies.
The Treasury Department on Friday recommended the repeal of four sections of Dodd-Frank financial regulatory law, in an effort to create economic opportunity and growth.
Dodd-Frank regulations were established under the Obama administration in 2010 following the financial crisis. The Treasury Department argued in its Friday report that disclosures under Dodd-Frank levy an unnecessary burden on companies; one of the sections the department seeks to repeal is a regulation mandating that companies reveal annual CEO compensation along with median employee compensation.
The Treasury Department report also advises the repeal of provisions concerning oil and natural gas. A section mandating the due diligence disclosure of "conflict minerals," including diamonds from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and other African countries, may also be repealed, as the department argues such disclosures are not "material to the reasonable investor for making investment decisions."
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin addressed the report Friday, saying: "By streamlining the regulatory system, we can make the U.S. capital markets a true source of economic growth, which will harness American ingenuity and allow small businesses to grow." Elianna Spitzer
[India], June 14 (ANI): The Pakistani Army initiated indiscriminate firing of small arms heavy automatics and Recoilless Rifles from 20:45 p.m. today along the Line of Control (LoC) in Jammu and Kashmir's Naushera sector again.
The Indian Army posts are retaliating strongly and effectively.
The firing is presently on.
The Pakistan Army earlier in the day initiated indiscriminate firing of small arms, automatics and 82 mm Mortars in the Bhimber Gali sector along the Line of Control (LoC).
The firing started around 5.00 a.m. The Indian Army retaliated strongly and effectively. Yesterday, a third grenade attack took place in J-K's Pulwama district on a police station. This attack came minutes after terrorists lobbed grenade at a Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) camp in Pahalgam's Sarnal. As many as nine CRPF personnel were injured in a grenade attack on its camp in Jammu and Kashmir's Tral. Earlier on June 12, the Pakistan Army had violated ceasefire in Jammu and Kashmir's Krishna Ghati sector. On Sunday, the Pakistan Army violated ceasefire in Jammu and Kashmir's Naushera sector. The Pakistan Rangers had, earlier in the day, violated unprovoked ceasefire on forward Border Security Force (BSF) troops in Jammu and Kashmir's Ramgarh sector at 10.45 a.m. In the another incident earlier in the day, the Army retaliated to a ceasefire violation by Pakistan along the LoC in the Bhimber Gali sector in Rajouri district at 9.45 a.m. On Saturday, the Pakistan Army initiated indiscriminate firing of small arms, automatics and mortars in the Krishna Ghati sector of Poonch district along the LoC. In all these incidents, the Indian Army posts retaliated effectively. (ANI)
MORRIS, Minn. — A 94-year-old Minnesota man whose wife died after battling cancer built a swimming pool in his backyard for children in his neighborhood.
Keith Davison's wife of 66 years died last year, KARE 11 reports.
“You just can't imagine what it's like,” he said. “You cry a lot. That's just the way it is because she's not here.”
Davison then decided to do something different to fill his time.
In the spring, the retired judge had an in-ground pool built. In July, the pool, which is 32 feet long and 9 feet deep, opened — and kids from all over the neighborhood came to swim.
“I knew they'd come,” Davison said.
Davison, who has three adult children but no grandchildren, is usually seen sitting in a chair next to the pool, watching the kids swimming, laughing and having fun.
“I'm not sitting by myself looking at the walls,” Davison said. “What else would you think of doing where you could have a whole bunch of kids over every afternoon?”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MATHEWS COUNTY, Va. – The mother of a one-year-old boy who died after being left alone in a hot bathtub has been charged in his death.
Gloucester County Rescue was called to a home, along the 11100 block of John Clayton Memorial Highway in in Mathews County, after someone reported the child was scalded in the tub Thursday afternoon. The child was rushed to the hospital where he was later pronounced dead.
"The victim's mother advised the child had been left alone in the bathtub and when she returned the hot water was running and the child was face down in the tub," a Mathews Sheriff's Office spokesperson said.
The Medical Examiner in Richmond will determine the exact cause of the child's death.
Miranda Dawn Gilbert was charged with Felony Homicide to wit Child Abuse and Neglect and three counts of Felony Child Abuse and Neglect.
Gilbert is being held without bond at the Middle Peninsula Regional Security Center.
"Mathews County Social Services was also contacted and are jointly investigating this matter," the sheriff's spokesperson said.
Deputies said the investigation is ongoing.
This is a developing story, so anyone with more information can submit a news tip here.
WASHINGTON (AP) - Interest rates on short-term Treasury bills rose in Monday's auction to their highest levels since August 2008.
The Treasury Department auctioned $51 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 1.780 percent, up from 1.670 percent last week. Another $45 billion in six-month bills was auctioned at a discount rate of 1.950 percent, up from 1.850 percent last week.
The three-month rate was the highest since those bills averaged 1.850 percent on Aug. 18, 2008. The six-month rate was the highest since those bills averaged 1.980 percent also on Aug. 18, 2008.
The discount rates reflect that the bills sell for less than face value. For a $10,000 bill, the three-month price was $9,955.00 while a six-month bill sold for $9,901.42. That would equal an annualized rate of 1.813 percent for the three-month bills and 1.997 percent for the six-month bills.
Separately, the Federal Reserve said Monday that the average yield for one-year Treasury bills, a popular index for making changes in adjustable rate mortgages, edged up to 2.08 percent Friday, up from 2.05 percent at the beginning of last week on March 12.
Nedelle Torrisi explores love from all sides with ‘Only For You'
Photo: Frenchkiss Records Image 1 of / 2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 Singer-songwriter Nedelle Torrisi Singer-songwriter Nedelle Torrisi Photo: Frenchkiss Records Image 2 of 2 "Only for You" by Nedelle Torrisi "Only for You" by Nedelle Torrisi Photo: Frenchkiss Nedelle Torrisi explores love from all sides with ‘Only For You' 1 / 2 Back to Gallery
Nedelle Torrisi Pop
Nedelle Torrisi knows about the trappings of romantic love. She is a songwriter and advice columnist who has given her life over to figuring it out. But sometimes the best she can come up with is, “Why does everything feel complicated?” That line comes from the song “Complicated,” the lead single from her latest album, “Only For You.” The Los Angeles musician, who once called the Bay Area home, may not have all the answers, but she has an endearing way of asking the questions via her lo-fi take on 1990s-style R&B. Her left-field approach makes songs like “Love to the Limit” and “Candy” feel eerily vulnerable, while her detached voice (she has provided backing vocals for Ariel Pink's Haunted Graffiti and Sufjan Stevens) gives the music an otherworldly air. Listeners may walk away feeling more disconcerted than before — and that just might be the point. — Aidin Vaziri
NEDELLE TORRISI
ONLY FOR YOU
FRENCHKISS
$12.98
Interior no. 2 details his intention and rationale for reassigning more senior executives Top Story
A MAN has died and a man and a woman have been rescued after a boat capsized south of Sydney early on Anzac Day.
About 9.40am today, emergency services responded to Bate Bay, Cronulla, after reports a boat had capsized.
Camera Icon The three people were treated at the scene. Picture: Channel 7, Seven News
Officers from Sutherland Police Area Command were assisted by the Marine Area Command, PolAir, Westpac Life Saver Rescue Helicopter and Surf Life Saving Australia, and were able to locate the people in he waters and bring them ashore.
A man, aged in his 40s, was treated by NSW Ambulance paramedics, but despite their efforts, died at the scene.
Camera Icon A man died at the scene. Picture: Channel 9, Nine News
A man and a woman were also treated at the scene for minor injuries and the capsized vessel was recovered and will undergo forensic examination.
A crime scene has been established and a report will now be prepared for the Coroner.
It is not yet known if the three people rescued were wearing life jackets but the Marine Area Command have urged all people travelling on the water, especially on boats, to always wear a life jacket where appropriate.
Anyone with information which could assist investigators is urged to contact police or Crime Stoppers.
DETROIT (AP) — A Detroit-area doctor charged with performing genital mutilation on two 7-year-old girls is denying the allegations, saying it was a religious practice for families in a Muslim sect.
A lawyer for Dr. Jumana Nagarwala told a judge Monday that the doctor agrees that genital mutilation is inappropriate. Attorney Shannon Smith says Nagarwala removed mucous from two Minnesota girls in February and then handed the gauze to the family for burial.
Smith says Nagarwala is a member of the Dawoodi Bohra community, a Muslim sect concentrated mostly in India. The group has a mosque in suburban Detroit.
A judge ordered Nagarwala to jail without bond, saying she's a threat to the public. Federal prosecutors say it's the first time someone has been charged with violating a U.S. ban on genital mutilation.
SEATTLE (AP) — Tim Beckham hit the first pitch of the game out for his first career leadoff homer, Manny Machado hit the sixth grand slam of his career an inning later, and the Baltimore Orioles routed the Seattle Mariners 11-3 on Monday night.
Baltimore pounded Seattle's pitching, scoring double-digit runs for the second time in three games and the sixth time since the All-Star break. Beckham got the Orioles started with his 16th homer, but it was Machado's slam that broke the game open as part of Baltimore's six-run second inning. Machado drove a 1-2 pitch into the first row of the second deck in left field for his second grand slam this season.
Trey Mancini hit his 21st homer and Seth Smith added his 12th to turn it into a blowout.
That was plenty of runs for Baltimore starter Kevin Gausman (9-8), who stumbled early before settling into a groove. Gausman retired 12 of 13 at one point, the stretch broken up by Mike Zunino's homer leading off the fifth inning.
Gausman allowed one earned run in seven innings, scattering six hits and striking out six. It was the fifth time in his last six starts Gausman allowed one earned run or less and just the second time in 14 career road starts against AL West teams he got the victory.
Meanwhile, Seattle's sudden fade from the wild-card race continued. The Mariners lost their fifth straight — all at home — coming off a nine-game road trip where they went 6-3 and were holding the second wild-card spot in the AL.
Starting pitching continued to be the primary issue for Seattle. Yovani Gallardo (5-8) was tagged for eight runs and failed to record an out in the fifth inning. He pitched that deep as Seattle tried to save its overworked bullpen. Casey Lawrence gave up a two-run homer to Smith in the fifth inning and a solo shot to Mancini in the seventh.
Nelson Cruz hit his 29th homer in the ninth inning for Seattle.
BEND IT LIKE BECKHAM
Since being acquired from Tampa Bay, Beckham has been surging at the plate. Beckham is hitting .500 with four home runs and 10 RBIs in the past 14 games. He has at least one hit in 13 of the 14.
MORE SHUFFLING
The constant roster churn of Seattle's bullpen continued with the addition hard-throwing right-hander Thyago Vieira on Monday. Vieira, 24, made his major league debut pitching a perfect ninth inning and hitting triple-digits on the stadium radar gun. The Brazilian was part of the World Team for the All-Star Futures Game this year.
Seattle optioned RHP Christian Bergman to clear a roster spot.
UP NEXT
Orioles: LHP Wade Miley (6-9) makes his 25th start and will be going for this third straight win. Miley allowed no earned runs in seven innings in his last start.
Mariners: Andrew Albers will be added to the 25-man roster and start in the majors for the first time since September 2016 as Tuesday's starter. At least temporarily, Albers takes the spot in the rotation held by James Paxton, who is on the disabled list with a strained pectoral.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Drag racing is on the schedule this weekend in Cayuga.
The Stock/Super Stock Shootout returns June 16, 17 and 18, to the Toronto Motorsports Park in Cayuga.
This year's event, which includes two races, has a total purse of $25,000 US and is part of the PCRichard.com NHRA Northeast Division National Open Series.
Drivers from Connecticut, Florida, Indiana, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Ontario, Quebec and Atlantic Canada will compete in the Shootout.
“The positive feedback we received from last year's edition encouraged us to increase the 2017 purse and make the event even bigger,” said sponsor John Scotti of Scotti Classic Cars/CDRHF.com. “Last year, 72 cars ran in the elimination on both days. This year, we already have over 100 racers registered. Fans of the sport will be blown away by the caliber and skill on display.”
Three NHRA national record holders will compete at the event. They are Yves Perigny and Canadian Drag Racing Hall of Fame inductees Guy Desjardins and Ollie Stephan, who set national records at the Northeast Division One National Open in May, in Atco, N.J.
Desjardins set the national record for the SS/EA in his 1967 Big Block Camaro, while Ollie Stephan set both ends of the NHRA Super/Stock B/A with his 1971 Big Block Corvette.
Veteran Super Stock racer Perigny set the NHRA National record for Super Stock GT/FA in his 1992 Chevrolet Cavalier.
“I am excited to be taking part in this event at the Toronto Motorsports Park in Cayuga,” said Stephan, who is from Scarborough. “It will be fantastic to compete with other world-class drag racers in our own backyard.”
Dave Mohn, the NHRA Northeast Division Director, is pleased to see the Stock/Super Stock Shootout build a strong foundation for the growth of the series.
“The Shootout does a great job in establishing the NHRA brand of drag racing in Ontario,” Mohn said. “It also allows racers in this area of the continent to earn grade points toward NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series and give them great exposure.”
Time trials and elimination will take place on Saturday and Sunday. Gates open at 10 a.m. The track will be secured at 6 p.m.
Funds raised at the Stock/Super Stock Shootout will benefit the Canadian Drag Racing Hall of Fame, a registered non-profit organization whose mission is to recognize the achievements and contributions of Canadians to the sport of drag racing.
WAVES of up to three meters and tidal surges can be expected on Panama's Caribbean coast from February 3 to 5 says the Civil Protection Service (Sinaproc).
There will be winds of 15 to 40 kilometers per hour in the Caribbean coastal areas in Guna Yala, Costa Abajo and Costa Arriba of Colón, the north of Veraguas and Bocas del Toro, which could present waves of 2 to 3 meters.
For the 4th and 5th of February, waves of 1.5 to 2.5 meters are expected in Guna Yala, Colon, Bocas del Toro, north of Veraguas and Ngäbe Buglé.
The authorities will continue monitoring in vulnerable areas.
Oregon State became the first scholarship offer for Westlake Village (Calif.) Oaks Christian defensive end/outside linebacker hybrid Ryan Franke.
"I recently got in contact with the defensive staff," Franke said. "I had an excellent phone call with coach [Trent] Bray and coach [Tim] Tibesar, and I was fired up by the scholarship."
Often times, a recruit's first offer will come from an FCS school or Group of Five conference school. That wasn't the case for Franke though.
"I was thrilled about receiving my first offer being from OSU, especially since they play in the Pac-12 conference," The 6-foot-4, 216-pounder said. "It feels amazing to get the opportunity to play at a school of this caliber, and I am very thankful.
"I couldn't wait to tell my family about the news and see their reactions. It was a very good day at the Franke household to say the least."
Franke has been to Oregon State before, but it wasn't to cheer for the Beavers in any capacity. His older brother is Jase Franke, a defensive lineman for the Colorado Buffaloes. He saw a game between CU and OSU in Reser Stadium.
"I really liked the stadium and the environment," the younger Franke said. " I really look forward to going up to Corvallis to meet [former Colorado coach and current OSU offensive coordinator Brian Lindgren] and the rest of the coaching staff and to get a better feel for the school."
His older brother's team has been showing interest, and Franke has made several visits to Colorado over the years, including a spring game visit in March.
"It is always great to go to Colorado and see the players and coaches," said Franke. "My family and I have developed a lot of good relationships in Boulder, and I always love getting a chance to meet with the coaches. I plan on attending one of their camps this summer along with a handful of others."
Franke's next visit may be back up in Corvallis.
"I plan on visiting Oregon State this spring, and I am very excited," he said. "I have a busy camp schedule this summer, and if any other schools were to express serious interest in me, I would be very open to visiting their campus."
ISTANBUL (AP) — The Islamic State group on Monday claimed responsibility for the New Year's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people and wounded scores of others.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the attack was carried by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle and also detonated hand grenades in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as “the servant of the cross” and also suggested it was in retaliation for Turkish military offensives against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq.
“We let infidel Turkey know that the blood of Muslims that is being shed by its airstrikes and artillery shelling will turn into fire on its territories,” the statement said.
Earlier, Turkish media reports had said that Turkish authorities believed the IS group was behind the attack and that the gunman, who is still at large, comes from a Central Asian nation and is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
According to Hurriyet and Karar newspapers, police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks.
The gunman killed a policeman and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing at an estimated 600 people partying inside with an automatic rifle.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club, which is frequented by local celebrities, were foreigners, Turkey's Anadolu Agency said. Many of them hailed from the Middle East.
Citing Justice Ministry officials, Anadolu reported that 38 of the 39 dead have been identified and 11 of them were Turkish nationals, and one was a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen.
The report says seven victims were from Saudi Arabia; three each were from Lebanon and Iraq; two each were from Tunisia, India, Morocco and Jordan. Kuwait, Canada, Israel, Syria and Russia each lost one citizen.
Relatives of the victims and embassy personal were seen walking into an Istanbul morgue to claim the bodies of the deceased.
Turkish officials haven't released the names of those identified.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq.
The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June, which killed 45 people.
In August, Turkey sent troops and tanks into northern Syria, to clear a border area from the IS and also curb the territorial advances of Syrian Kurdish forces in the region. The incursion followed an IS suicide attack on an outdoor wedding party in the city of Gaziantep, near the border with Syria, that killed more than 50 people.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities haven't confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Last week, Turkey and Russia brokered a cease-fire for Syria that excludes the IS and other groups considered to be terrorist organizations.
On Monday, Anadolu said more than 100 Islamic State targets in Syria have been hit by Turkey and Russia in separate operations.
Citing the Turkish Chief of General Staff's office, Anadolu said Turkish jets struck eight IS group targets while tanks and artillery fired upon 103 targets near Al Bab, killing 22 extremists while destroying many structures. The Russian jets also attacked IS targets in Dayr Kak, eight kilometers (five miles) to the southwest of Al Bab.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
___
Bassem Mroue reported from Beirut. Suzan Fraser in Ankara, and Cinar Kiper in Istanbul, contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Food Security Initiative of the Federal Government is receiving a major boost from natnudO Food's Broiler Out-grower Scheme tagged “natnuPreneur”. Natnupreneur is an extension of Amo Farm Sieberer Hatchery whose farm infrastructure is among the most advanced in West Africa, located in Awe, Oyo state, Nigeria.
The scheme, which offers free poultry consultation and a ready market for produce to registered poultry farmers, is aimed at sustaining profitability; and well over 1,000 poultry farmers have been reached since its inception.
This was gathered recently, while the coordinator of the scheme, Mr. Gbolade Adewole, while interacting with journalists.
According to him, many millionaires have been produced from the natnudO Foods' out-grower scheme, while many more are in the making. The scheme, he said, is designed to fulfill the chicken needs of Nigerians and is win-win arrangement, drawn to ensure that good quality chicken meat, that satisfy safety standards, are readily available in the country.
In his words, “More than 1,000 farmers have benefited from the natnuPreneur out-grower initiative in the last three years. The programme was developed to help poultry farmers realize sustainable profit, through the provision of high quality training, advisory services, supply of high quality farm inputs and an output off-take plan. With this arrangement, poultry farmers don't have to worry about marketing their produce because we have a ready market for them. Whatever quantity of broilers our farmers produce, we buy from them. This is easy since our company has the capacity to off-take all the broilers produced by farmers; making the venture profitable to them at minimal risk”.
Mr. Adewole further explained that to guarantee sustainable profit for natnuPreneur farmers, the company provides extension services through well trained professionals. These extension workers pay regular visits to farms, offer technical, business and project management advice, and also proffer solutions to problems that may arise on the farms. They also connect farmers to the other arms of the company, which are, Amo Byng for their poultry feeds, Diversay Solutions for their drugs and vaccines need. This means a one-stop shop for poultry farmers' needs. In effect, this has helped to maintain quality and the standards achieved with the programme.
The coordinator also stated, “It is not enough to help farmers achieve profitability after just one cycle. What we are most concerned about is that the profit increases and gets sustained. For this reason, we employ professional counseling on poultry management processes, to help farmers maintain profitability. Registered farmers on the scheme are guided on how to manage and grow healthy broilers in a way that would minimize flock mortality. We also provide them with a feeding, watering and vaccination schedule, and supervise these operations”.
Mr. Adewole added that, the scheme, in the three years of its existence, has partnered with financial institutions like Bank of Industry (BOI), Bank of Agriculture (BOA), Sterling Bank, and other commercial banks to finance farmers. Also, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), through its anchor borrower initiative, has provided credit facilities for farmers on the scheme. “We have collaborated with top financial institutions and shared resources in the process. Our data and analysis are globally recognized and this is what we use to improve output of poultry farmers for profitability”, he included.
However, in spite of the scheme's tremendous achievements, it has faced challenges, some of which are common to other businesses, like cost of doing business in Nigeria, per capital income, competition against smuggled chicken, government policies, cost of living in Nigeria, and so on. The coordinator then concluded that, if these problems are dealt with, the long term goal of repositioning the poultry out-grower service, by supporting the establishment of new businesses, while expanding existing ones in the nooks and crannies of the country, would finally be realized.
Comments
comments
B&O BeoPlay headphones are all about comfortable wear, luxury materials, considered style and, well, everything that its Danish parent company, Bang & Olufsen, represents.
That said, we've actually found the range of BeoPlay H-series headphones to have their ups and downs - from the Pocket-lint Award-winning H8 to the not-quite there H7. Can the H9, with oversized earcups and subtle noise-cancellation, cement its place as the over-ear headphones to buy, despite the high price?
Active noise-cancellation
Built-in battery for Bluetooth
Earcup gesture controls
Passive wired connection possible
Polished aluminium, lambskin/cowhide leather
What's most striking about the H9 upon first pulling it from the box is the scale of the earcups. There's no mucking around here: this is a proper set of over-ear set cans, with no pinch to the outer ears when wearing, ensuring there's plenty of room to breathe around those lugholes.
As a result, comfort is high on the scale. With luxe materials - from anodised aluminium, to real leather - there's an immediate sense of quality, not only visually, but in feel too. The padding and leather sit plush around the ears; the earcups are soft, don't cause profuse sweating and are perfectly good for long periods of wear.
The only aesthetic choice that isn't quite there is the plastic used for the main section of the earcups - which is where the connections and battery live. It's practical for weight purposes, sure, but the matte plastic finish doesn't hit the same visual satisfaction as the shiny surround, which is where the gesture controls are housed.
As the H9 is Bluetooth compatible, it can be used wire-free, which is great for avoiding getting in a tangle. Sound is too quiet from a smartphone (darn EU regulations!) irrelevant of volume booster apps we've used, but from other sources, such as our MacBook Air, things have sounded plenty loud.
Without a wire - if that's how you choose to listen, as one is included in the box - controls are handled by tapping and swiping on the outer earcups. One tap pauses or plays, while "wheel" action controls the volume - but we've not found a motion that makes the latter work, frankly. There's no track skip either, which seems an oddity.
The other control is a swipe up to activate active noise-cancellation (a swipe down deactivates it), which is why the H9 has that built-in battery. It's rechargeable via the Micro-USB socket to the side of the 3.5mm headphone jack - which is all well and good, but in the age of USB Type-C it feels outdated. Next time?
Not only is the H9 good looking, it's great sounding. Like, really great sounding. Which, for a £400+ pair of headphones, should be a minimal requirement, of course. But there are others that are, say, £100 less, yet sound nowhere nearly as adept as these cans.
The size of the earcups is part of the reason for this: each ear almost "floats" inside, which gives a really wide soundstage that can be immersed by audio, rather than feeling like your canals are being battered by over-compressed output.
Some more open earcup headphones can sound a little thin, but the H9 sound epic - with a really locked-in sound. This is down to the active noise-cancellation. Some have criticised it for being too subtle - but those with a critical ear will immediately find its benefits obvious.
First, noise-cancellation engages bass to have even greater impact, striking with punch and purpose a little more than when the tech is deactivated. Bass and beats sound fat, without being oppressive - as you might find with the Beats Studio 3 Wireless.
Second, noise-cancellation doesn't make you feel like you're in a vacuum. We've been using the H9 in the sky while commuting across Europe and the subtle removal of hiss and excess external noise is nigh-on perfect for our tastes. Audio-Technica takes a similarly deft approach to its noise-cancellation - something high-end listeners will appreciate in the (almost half the price) ATH-MSR7NC.
The only issue we've found with the BeoPlay's Bluetooth and noise-cancelling is that once on, the H9 doesn't time out. So forget to switch it off and despite the indicator light ceasing to show, you'll find a dead battery - which is a shame.
Furthermore, we've not found the battery life to be the longest lasting, either. It's purported to be "all-day", at up to 16-hours of use, but we haven't found it to be anywhere near that. But then we do listen to music far, far too loud - which is probably part of the reason why. Still, you'll get hours of listening time from a charge, the batteries are interchangeable if you want to carry a spare, or just keep the cable handy for passive listening.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hallowe'en is a minefield for parents of children with life-threatening allergies, especially when they are too young to understand why they can't enjoy that Snickers bar.
The Teal Pumpkin Project lets children with allergies don a costume and safely join in the trick-or-treating.
Homeowners who want to participate, place a teal pumpkin in front of their door to show they are an allergy-free space.
The project cuts out the allergy risk altogether because people hand out small toys such as vampire fangs, spider rings or glow sticks instead of sweets.
The movement, run by Food Allergy Research and Education, started in the US in 2014. It has since made its way to the UK so no child has to sit out on Hallowe'en.
Trick or treating is fraught with dangerous situations for children with allergies because most popular Hallowe'en sweets contain nuts, milk, egg, soy or wheat, which are some of the most common allergens.
Many smaller versions of sweets have different ingredients from their full-size counterparts and often do not include list ingredients on their packaging.
But parents of children with allergies can now plan a non-food trick-or-treating experience within their neighbourhood by visiting the Teal Pumpkin map found here.
One local participant in Lode, Nigel Ward, has already added his home to the map.
(Image: Teal Pumpkin Project)
How to participate:
Provide non-food treats such as vampire fangs, bubbles and stickers for trick-or-treaters Put a teal pumpkin in front of your home to show it is a safe space for those with allergies Display a free printable sign or premium poster from FARE to explain the meaning of the teal pumpkin
Blogger Jaderbomb has a great how-to for a shimmering teal glitter pumpkin that no trick-or-treater will miss.
Another way severe allergy sufferers can spread awareness about their conditions at Hallowe'en is by fund raising for the Anaphylaxis Campaign.
The Campaign, a UK charity that supports people at risk of severe allergies, suggests holding a carving contest, fancy dress day or a scary film night to raise money.
Anaphylaxis Campaign's top tips for keeping safe on Halloween:
Remind your child(ren) what their food allergens look like
Ask your child(ren) not to eat any unapproved sweets or treats until they get home
Have approved sweets and fruit ready at home that can be swapped for any treats that are not suitable
Check the labels of any sweets you don't recognise before giving to your child(ren)
Sometimes ‘treat size' versions of sweets have different ingredients so double check those too
Keep your child(ren)'s adrenaline auto-injector(s) with them at all times, even if that means tucking it into their costume or collection bag
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
× Trump Calls KKK, Neo-Nazis, White Supremacists ‘Repugnant'
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump, facing mounting pressure from Republicans and Democrats alike, did what he declined to do over the weekend during an event at the White House on Monday when he directly condemned white supremacists and neo-Nazis in a brief statement to reporters.
“Racism is evil — and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,” Trump said in response to the attacks in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend.
“Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America,” Trump said.
The comments came in a hastily scheduled White House event in the Diplomatic Reception Room, where Trump — speaking with the help of a teleprompter — spoke straight to camera after meeting with FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions to discuss the Department of Justice's civil rights investigation into the attack.
“To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable,” he said. “Justice will be delivered.​”
Trump had been excoriated for his unwillingness to condemn the groups behind the violent protests that left one woman dead who was hit by a car allegedly driven by a man with ties to white supremacy groups.
After blaming the violence “on many sides” Saturday, Trump stayed silent for close to 48 hours, letting his trademark bluntness and campaign pledges to call terrorism what it is succumbed to silence and vagueness.
Trump was asked by reporters after he spoke why he waited so long to condemn these hate groups by name and did not respond.
Trump added that the victims in Charlottesville “embody the goodness and decency of our nation.” The President said the death of Heather Heyer, a 32-year-old woman who was killed Saturday when a car slammed into a crowd of counterprotesters, “fills us with grief.” And said the two officers killed in a helicopter crash on Saturday — pilot Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper Berke M.M. Bates — “exemplify the very best of America.”
“In times such as these, America has always shown its true character — responding to hate with love, division with unity, and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice,” Trump said.
Trump's comments came as he took a short break from his 17-day long working vacation in New York and New Jersey with a trip to the White House. He initially returned to Washington to meet with top administration officials and sign a presidential memorandum directing his US trade representative to determine whether an investigation is needed into China's laws and policies related to trade and intellectual property.
But by Monday morning, after nearly 48 hours of pressure on the White House, Trump and his top aides seemingly realized that pressure was too great and that a statement needed to be delivered.
“As a candidate I promised to restore law and order to our country, and our federal law enforcement agencies are following through on that pledge,” Trump said. “We will spare no resource in fighting so that every American child can grow up free from violence and fear. We will defend and protect the sacred rights of all Americans and we will work together so that every citizen in this blessed land is free to follow their dreams, in their hearts, and to express the love and joy in our souls.”
Trump led his brief statement by touting his return to Washington and positive economic news. One aide said the President wanted to give the “full picture” of how he sees things — not only wanting to do Charlottesville in a vacuum. And said the President's initial focus on economic news was not ad-libbed.
This was the White House's latest attempt to clarify Trump's comments from Saturday, and by far the most forceful.
An unnamed White House official said Sunday that “of course” the President condemns “white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups,” but declined to explain why the President wasn't saying it himself.
Before Trump made a statement, Vice President Mike Pence delivered a “no tolerance” message during a brief discussion with reporters in Cartagena, Colombia.
“We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK,” said Pence, calling them “dangerous fringe groups.”
Trump remained silent even after Pence's comment, remaining silent event on Twitter. By declining to send a single tweet of his own, Sunday was only the fourth in his 207 days as president that Trump has gone a full day without tweeting a message.
Trump did, however, use Twitter on Monday to push his political message and settle a score: He slammed Ken Frazier, the CEO of Merck Pharma, who resigned from Trump's manufacturing council over his failure to condemn white supremacists.
“Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES,” Trump tweeted.
Frazier, one of the nation's top African-American CEOs, has spent considerable time at the White House with Trump before he resigned his position.
Read President Trump's full statement below:
ROANOKE - Join in on 60 years of artistic history this weekend in Downtown Roanoke at the Taubman Museum of Art's Annual Sidewalk Art Show.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
According to a new market report published by Lucintel, the future of the thermoplastic unidirectional tape market looks attractive with opportunities in the aerospace & defense, transportation, sporting goods, industrial, and other industries. The thermoplastic unidirectional tape market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 8.9% from 2018 to 2023. The major growth driver for this market is increasing use of thermoplastic composites because it offers recyclability and processing benefits, such as ability to remold, shorter cycle time, and no emission of volatile matter.
In this market, aerospace & defense, transportation, sporting goods, and industrial are the major end use industries. Lucintel forecasts that the transportation will remain the largest end use industry by volume, and it will also witness the highest growth during the forecast period. Increasing demand for lightweight materials to achieve higher fuel efficiency and reusable and recyclable materials for environmental benefits are driving growth for this segment over the forecast period.
By reinforcement type, glass fiber based UD tape is expected to remain the largest segment, and carbon fiber is likely to witness the highest growth in the forecast period supported by increasing usage of lightweight materials in aircraft components.
By resin type, PEEK resin based UD tape is expected to remain the largest segment by value and to witness the highest growth over the forecast period due to its growing use in the aerospace and defense industry.
North America is expected to remain the largest market by value and volume and to witness the highest growth over the forecast period because of rising penetration of thermoplastic unidirectional tape in major end use industries.
Emerging trends, which have a direct impact on the dynamics of the industry, include the continuous innovation and development of new products and applications. Cytec Solvay Group, QIYI Technology, Polystrand (Polyone), TenCate, Toho Tenax, and Celanese are the major companies in the global thermoplastic unidirectional tape market.
Lucintel, a leading global strategic consulting and market research firm, has analyzed the global thermoplastic unidirectional tape market by end use industry, reinforcement type, resin type, and region, and has compiled a comprehensive research report entitled “Growth Opportunities in the Global Thermoplastic Unidirectional Tape Market 2018-2023: Trends, Forecast and Opportunity Analysis.” The Lucintel report serves as a spring board for growth strategy as it provides a comprehensive data and analysis on trends, key drivers, and directions. The study includes a forecast of the global thermoplastic unidirectional tape market by end use industry, reinforcement type, resin type, and region as follows:
By End Use Industry [Volume (M lbs) and Value ($ Million) from 2012 to 2023]:
• Aerospace & Defense
• Transportation
• Industrial
• Sporting Goods
• Others
By Reinforcement Type [Volume (M lbs) and Value ($ Million) from 2012 to 2023]:
• Glass Fiber
• Carbon Fiber
• Other
By Resin Type [Volume (M lbs) and Value ($ Million) from 2012 to 2023]:
• Polyether- Ether-Ketone (PEEK)
• Polyamide (PA)
• Polypropylene (PP)
• Polyphenylene Sulfide (PPS)
• Others
By Region [Volume (M lbs) and Value ($ Million) from 2012 to 2023]:
• North America
• Europe
• Asia Pacific & The Rest of the World
This 130-page research report will enable you to make confident business decisions in this globally competitive marketplace. For a detailed table of contents, contact Lucintel at +1-972-636-5056 or helpdesk@lucintel.com. Lucintel offerings include Advanced Materials Reports, Composite Materials Market Report, Opportunity Screening and Analysis, Capital Investment Feasibility and SWOT Analysis.
This report answers following 10 key questions:
Q. 1. How big are the opportunities for the global thermoplastic unidirectional tape market by end use industry (aerospace & defense, transportation, sporting goods, industrial, and others), by reinforcement type (glass fiber, carbon fiber, and others), by resin type (PEEK, PA, PP, PPS, and others), and region (North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific and the Rest of the World)?
Q. 2. Which segments will grow at a faster pace and why?
Q. 3. Which region will grow at a faster pace and why?
Q.4. What are the key factors affecting market dynamics? What are the drivers and challenges of the market?
Q.5. What are the business risks and threats to the market?
Q.6 What are emerging trends in this market and the reasons behind them?
Q.7 What are some changing demands of customers in the market?
Q.8. What are the new developments in the market and which companies are leading these developments?
Q.9. Who are the major players in this market? What strategic initiatives are being taken by key companies for business growth?
Q.10 What are some of the competitive products and processes in this area and how big of a threat do they pose for loss of market share via material or product substitution?
Q. 11. What M&A activity has occurred in the last five years and what has its impact been on the industry?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Cambridge student has spoken of her distress after she was mugged in the early hours of Saturday (December 9).
Mihaela Patrascu had her bag, containing her mobile phone, travel tickets and £100 of cash stolen by two men on Newmarket Road at about 12.15am.
They later withdrew £300 from her bank account.
The Anglia Ruskin student told the News that she screamed during the mugging, but no one came to her aid.
She is now afraid to go about her daily business.
She said: "I am amazed. I screamed very loudly and only the person living above the bike shop came out later, but he said he was sleeping when he heard me and did not get to see the thieves.
"I am now even afraid to go out to the Anglia Ruskin uni library, or to work."
"It is very disturbing not to be able as a student to take your laptop or iPad with you for fear it can get snatched on your way back home."
She claims one of her neighbours was also mugged in the area three days prior.
She now wants people to be more vigilant and tell each other if they have been a victim of an attack.
She continued: "I find it disturbing that too many people do not get alarmed or involved when something disturbing is happening in their neighbourhood.
"If I had known another neighbour had got mugged recently I would have not even taken my handbag with me."
A Cambridgeshire police spokesman said officers were called to reports of a robbery in Newmarket Road, Cambridge, on Friday at about 12.15am.
He said: "Two men stole the victim's bag containing bank cards, mobile phone and approximately £100 in cash.
"Later in the evening £300 was taken from the victim's bank account using the stolen card.
"The first man is described as white, in his 20s or 30s, approximately 5' 2” and of a slim build with black hair. He was seen to be wearing light coloured trousers and a denim jacket.
"The second man is described as white, in his 40s or 50s, also approximately 5' 2”. He was seen to be wearing baggy light blue jeans and a light coloured top."
Anyone with information is asked to call 101 quoting CF0710051217.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
Jetstar says it will introduce measures to handle unaccompanied minors after a 12-year-old boy stole his mother's credit card and took himself on a four-day getaway to Bali.
The boy from Sydney, known only as Drew, became angry after he was told by his mother he could not go to the Indonesian holiday mecca.
He searched the internet for airlines that allowed 12-year-olds to fly unaccompanied and booked himself a ticket and a hotel room.
Early last month, Drew caught a train to Sydney Airport where he used a self-service terminal to check in and flew with Jetstar from Sydney to Perth.
He boarded a Jetstar international flight to Bali where he had booked into the Seasons hotel, according to A Current Affair.
It reported that Drew was quizzed only once — at Perth Airport, where staff asked him for his student ID and passport to prove he was over 12 and attended a secondary school.
He had previously tried to book flights with Qantas and Garuda and was on an Australian Federal Police watch list.
The attempts to book with Qantas and Garuda failed after the airlines said they required a letter from Drew's parents.
His grandmother said the AFP told her that he would be unable to get through border security.
In Bali, Drew told authorities that his mother lived in Bali and she was waiting outside the airport.
He checked into a hotel and over the next four days, drank beer on the beach and travelled around on a rented motorbike.
Drew's escapade ended after he posted a video online.
His shocked parents, who had reported him missing and had been frantically ringing his mobile phone, flew to Indonesia.
Jetstar, which says it has similar procedures for unaccompanied minors to other carriers, said it was looking at ways to tighten its checks.
Birmingham: Flamboyant Indian cricketer Yuvraj Singh, who prepares to make his 300th ODI appearance in his side`s Champions Trophy semi-final clash against Bangladesh, on Wednesday said that it is a big achievement for him, adding, the team is much more important for him than any of his personal landmark.
Over his 17-year-career, Yuvraj has battled dips in form, made numerous comebacks, and even survived a cancer.
When quizzed whether he should be considered as a `role` model, Yuvraj said that he would rather love to be called as a `fighter` as he has managed to play many games for India despite going through so many ups and downs.
"I don`t know about [being] the role model, but it`s a big achievement for me to finish 300 games in my career. It is huge honour. When I started playing for India I was happy just playing one game for India. That would have been a big achievement for me, but it`s come a long way. There have been ups and downs, and I am proud of myself. I have come through and still managed to get to 300. At one stage I was thinking if I was going to play another game," Yuvraj said.
Speaking on the eve of his side`s semi-final clash against Bangladesh at the Edgbaston Cricket Ground, Yuvraj said that he is not focussing on his 300th game and just looking forward to guiding his side to the finals.
"It is a big achievement for me. I am not going to do anything special. I think the team is much more important than my 300th game. We are focussing on our semi-final. I think Bangladesh have been doing really well in the tournament. We want to contribute towards our plans. We have to win this match at any cost. I am not focussing on my 300th game," he said.
Reflecting on his numerous comebacks, Yuvraj admitted that although it is not difficult to play for India, sustaining is tough. He further said that his "never giving it up" attitude is his biggest attribute."
To play for India is not that difficult, but to sustain in it is tough. I think the biggest quality in me would be never to give up. Keep pushing no matter what obstacles come in your life. That is what I can give to the younger guys: never back down, always keep on working the same way whether you are having a good time or a bad time, be consistent and be persistent. Focus on the process of the game," Yuvraj pointed out.
When asked to select three memorable matches in his ODI career, Yuvraj rated the 2011 World Cup quarter-final against Australia (57 and 2/44) as his best, followed by 84 runs he made in his very second ODI against Australia in Nairobi in 2000.
Earlier, the Virat Kohli-led side paved their way to the last-four after registering an eight-wicket win over top-ranked South Africa in a virtual quarter-final clash at the Kennington Oval on Sunday.
The Men in Blue will head into the semi-final clash as favourite, after topping the Group B table with two comprehensive wins.
E-bikes: SF's latest alternative transportation device
Photo: Michael Cabanatuan/San Francisco Chronicle Bicyclists test new Ford GoBikes with electric pedal assist up Page...
Following close on the rear wheels of San Francisco's rental scooter invasion, a new creature joined the menagerie of shared alternative transportation devices on the city's streets Tuesday.
Motivate, which operates the Bay Area's Ford GoBike bike-share program, rolled out 250 shiny new black bikes equipped with electric pedal assist, parking them at dozens of GoBike stations scattered around the western half of the city.
Transportation officials and biking enthusiasts welcomed the newcomer with a short group bike ride in Hayes Valley. The ride took 100 cyclists up steep Page Street, which they conquered with ease and little huffing, puffing, panting or sweating.
They were aided by an electric assist, which seems to kick in on the second or third revolution of the pedals, giving a noticeable boost and making it surprisingly effortless to climb a hill.
Now Playing:
“This is so easy,” yelled one woman as she reached the crest of the hill.
Jay Walder, CEO of Motivate, said the e-bikes were added to the GoBike inventory in large part because of the city's terrain and a desire to make the bike-share system alluring to a larger segment of the populace.
“We love the standard bikes, but think the electric bike opens it up to new users because it helps smooth out the topography of San Francisco,” he said.
The average GoBike ride is now about 2 miles, Walder said, but he hopes the e-bikes will encourage rides in the 3- to 5-mile range.
The bikes are part of the Ford GoBike regional bike-share program funded and overseen by the city's Municipal Transportation Agency and the Metropolitan Transportation Commission but sponsored by the auto manufacturer.
Ford GoBike has 287 stations with 3,600 bikes in five Bay Area cities, including 1,305 bikes at 123 stations in San Francisco. For now, only San Francisco has the e-bikes.
The black bikes, branded Ford GoBike Plus in bright green lettering, join the blue Ford GoBikes that are entirely people powered and docked at stations. Then there are the bright red, electric pedal-assisted Jump bikes, which are locked to bike racks and signposts around the city, and the green LimeBike and black Bird and Spin electric scooters that are controversially scattered on sidewalks mainly in the center of the city.
All aim to make it easier for people to leave their cars — or Uber, Lyft and taxis — behind for short trips around town. Transit officials hope the alternate methods of transportation will solve the first-and-last-mile problem of getting employees between home or work and the nearest bus or rail stop without involving a car.
“I think people are going to look at this and say, ‘Maybe I'll take this instead of Uber or Lyft,'” Walder said.
At this point, there's no schedule for bringing the e-bikes to Berkeley, Emeryville, Oakland and San Jose, the other cities in the bike-share program.
Walder made a point of contrasting Motivate's approach to the controversial disruption caused by the sudden and unexpected appearance of scooters in San Francisco three weeks ago, noting that Motivate has worked with the city, sometimes painstakingly, to properly locate bike stations and control the number of bikes on city streets.
“This is a program being worked out with the cities,” he said. “And that's one way we're really different from the scooters.”
Michael Cabanatuan is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: mcabanatuan@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @ctuan
LONDON (AP) — It is an image those who saw it will never forget: Prince William and Prince Harry — just boys, really — walking silently behind their mother's cortege as the world mourned Princess Diana's death in 1997.
Now Harry has revealed for the first time that losing his mother when he was only 12 left him in emotional turmoil for 20 years, filling him with grief and rage he could only manage after he sought counseling.
Breaking sharply with the royal tradition of maintaining a stoic silence about mental health, the 32-year-old prince told The Daily Telegraph in an interview published Monday that he had nearly suffered multiple breakdowns since his mother's death.
It was by far the most frank interview of Harry's life and gives the public a much fuller view of Harry and the inner turmoil he suffered growing up in the public eye after losing his mother.
He told the newspaper he “shut down all his emotions” for nearly 20 years and had been “very close to a complete breakdown on numerous occasions.”
He describes a long, painful process of refusing to face his sense of loss that only came to an end when he was in his late 20s and sought professional counseling to cope with the pressures and unhappiness.
“My way of dealing with it was sticking my head in the sand, refusing to ever think about my mum, because why would that help?” he said of his teens and 20s, a period in which he embarked on a successful military career but also occasionally attracted unwanted headlines, notably for being photographed playing “strip billiards” in Las Vegas.
In the interview, Harry said he had at times felt “on the verge of punching someone” and had taken up boxing as an outlet for the aggression he felt.
He said the long suppression of his grief eventually led to “two years of total chaos.”
He said he was pretending that life was great until he started counseling and faced his problems head on.
“All of a sudden, all of this grief that I have never processed started to come to the forefront and I was like, there is actually a lot of stuff here that I need to deal with,” he said.
Along with his brother Prince William and sister-in-law the Duchess of Cambridge, Harry has worked with a charity that promotes mental health. They have argued that mental health problems must be given the same priority as other illnesses and should be spoken about openly and without stigma.
Harry has also worked extensively with wounded veterans and has organized the Invictus Games to foster international sporting competition for injured or ill service personnel and veterans.
Harry told interviewer Bryony Gordon, who has written extensively about her own struggles with depression and other issues, that he is in a “good place” now, and praised William for helping him seek help after many years of suffering in silence.
He credited counseling with helping him recover.
“I've now been able to take my work seriously, been able to take my private life seriously as well, and been able to put blood, sweat and tears into the things that really make a difference and things that I think will make a difference to everybody else,” he said.
Harry has also formed a romantic relationship with American actress Meghan Markle and in November took the unusual step of chastising the press for harassing her.
Harry and William have both been wary of press coverage, in part because of the way photographers shadowed their mother's every move.
Labour never think their policies through.
They are usually destroyed within 48 hours because of a lack of fore-thought, detail or planning.
The water tax is no better, and now the raw scab of extending treaty settlements has been picked off as well:
Treaty Negotiations Minister Chris Finlayson is warning that Labour's water taxes could force existing full-and-final Treaty of Waitangi settlements to be opened for renegotiation with iwi. He said the policy overturned accepted policy of successive Labour and National Governments of the past 25 years that no one owned the water. Governments applying a tax on water was an assertion of Crown ownership “and then that gives rise to the counter assertion that Maori own water”. “They are dicing with death, quite frankly,” he told the Herald. “It opens a complete Pandora's Box. I'd like to know [if] it is Labour Party policy that, after all the work we've done, both political parties over 25 years, are they proposing to re-open treaty settlements so that this matter can be looked at? “That totally goes against the fundamental principle that has been bought into by 99 per cent of the New Zealand population,” he said.
The treaty gravy train would rumble on and on and on with Labour's policies.
As usual Labour have been found wanting on policy…43 days to go…woo hoo.
-NZ Herald
WASHINGTON (AP) — The White House is visibly under renovation during President Donald Trump's one-day return to Washington.
Trump's Monday in the nation's capital is a bit of a break from a break. He's been on a 17-day working vacation, mostly at his golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey. He also is planning to spend time in New York City.
With the Oval Office and other parts of the historic building undergoing upgrades, Trump will work mostly in the Treaty Room. That's in the residential area of the White House, which is not under construction.
Upgrades include replacing a 27-year-old heating and cooling system. The Oval Office, the president's usual work space, has been emptied out, exposing ornate wood floors.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
The Higher Learning Commission (HLC) is scheduled to visit campus Feb. 20-21 as part of the approval process for St. Thomas' request to offer the Dougherty Family College. The HLC is an independent corporation that accredits degree-granting post-secondary institutions in the North Central region.
The Dougherty Family College is intended to be a two-year college that offers an associate degree. It is designed to help ensure the success of low-income students who may be the first in their family to attend college, or those who lack the academic support, academic mentors or financial means to pursue a four-year degree.
The purpose of the visit is for the HLC Peer Reviewers to determine if the university has done the necessary planning, provided or given serious thought to the required infrastructure, has the capacity and commitment to offer the program, has developed services and support for the program/students, and has considered and developed how the program will be evaluated and assessed. They will collect evidence by meeting with St. Thomas community members affiliated with the Dougherty Family College, as well as tour the St. Thomas property on the Minneapolis campus that is being renovated to accommodate the program.
HLC will hold St. Paul campus meetings on Feb. 20, and Minneapolis campus meetings and the tour on Feb. 21.
For more information about the university's accreditation or the Higher Learning Commission, visit HLC's website.
If you have questions or concerns regarding the upcoming HLC visit, please contact Kristine Baker.
March 19 (UPI) -- Tennis legend-turned commentator Martina Navratilova revealed in an interview with the BBC that the network pays her 10 times less than it pays John McEnroe.
"It's hard to really compare exactly, because some people work a little longer day, maybe a few more programs, whatever," Navratilova said in an interview with BBC Panorama. "But overall, it was a shock because John McEnroe makes at least £150,000 [$210,438] ... I get about £15,000 [$21,039] for Wimbledon. And unless John McEnroe's doing a whole bunch of stuff outside of Wimbledon, he's getting at least 10 times as much money than I am for very comparable work. So yeah, at the moment that's what I know."
Navratilova said she wasn't happy about it and called the assessment "shocking."
"For me it's a part-time job," Navratilova said. "It's two weeks of my life, but for the women that work there full-time, maybe the discrepancy's not that large, but it adds up over a lifetime. It adds up to an amazing amount of money.
"So it's extremely unfair and you know it makes me angry for the other women that I think go through this."
Navratilova said she asked the network if she earned a comparable amount to a man for a similar job. She said the BBC told her yes.
"John McEnroe makes at least £150,000 - I get about £15,000 for Wimbledon."
Former tennis champion and Wimbledon commentator @martina talks about the pay inequality at the BBC #BBCPanorama pic.twitter.com/qKMUnsypS0 — Panorama 🌐 (@BBCPanorama) March 19, 2018
"We were not told the truth, that's for sure," she said.
The BBC issued a statement after Navratilova's comments.
"We're incredibly proud of the whole team who present our Wimbledon coverage," the statement said.
"John and Martina perform different roles in the team, and John's role is of a different scale, scope and time commitment."
"Martina is one of a number of occasional contributors who is contracted to carry out a fixed volume of work and paid per appearances. The BBC believes her pay reflects what she is asked to do, her time commitment, her level of broadcast experience, profile and track record and expertise. At Wimbledon 2017 her work amounted to three live match commentaries, four highlights appearances, one short video and two other short studio appearances. Beyond this she has no contractural commitment to the BBC."
"Our contract with John is entirely different. John is contracted to be on call for the BBC across the entire 13 days of the tournament, subject to a commitment with one U.S. broadcaster. And is on air every day. He worked on live match commentaries on 12 of the 13 days along with highlights programs, opening links, regular study pieces with Sue Barker, studio alaysis, filled sequences and 606 programs for BBC Radio 5, as well as publicity work."
"Along with Sue Barker, John is regarded as the face of our Wimbledon coverage. He is a defining voice within the BBC's coverage. He is weedily considered to be the best expert/commentator in the sport, highly valued by our audiences and his contract means he cannot work for another U.K. broadcaster without our permission. His pay reflects all of this; gender isn't a factor."
The BBC revealed its top earners last year, listing McEnroe in the $210,438 to $280,582 salary bracket.
Wimbledon 2018 is set for July 2 through July 15 at the England Club in London. McEnroe and Navratilova each retired in 2006. In 2007, Wimbledon became the last Grand Slam to offer equal prize money to its competitors.
New findings support the notion that male dominance negatively influences the well-being of both men and women by leading to extreme views about women's sexuality
Some men categorize women into two groups: either they are chaste, nurturing and good, or they are promiscuous, manipulative, and out to seduce them. This polarizing "Madonna-Whore dichotomy" is grounded in a man's desire to reinforce male dominance, and not only relates to attitudes that restrict a woman's autonomy, but also impairs intimate relationships between men and women. This is according to a study led by Orly Bareket and Rotem Kahalon of Tel Aviv University in Israel, which is published in Springer's journal Sex Roles.
The study was based on an online questionnaire completed by 108 heterosexual Israeli men. Of them, 77 percent were younger than 30 years old, and 55 percent were single. They answered questions about how they perceived a woman's sexuality, whether being nurturing and sexual are mutually exclusive, and whether chaste women have more positive traits than others.
Participants' general support for hierarchical social structures and for male dominance in particular were also gauged. The men were questioned about whether they thought women wanted to dominate, whether they ascribed to current gender roles and relationships, and whether they sexually objectified women or felt protective and paternalistic towards them. The participants also answered questions about the state of their relationships and sex lives.
The findings showed that support for male dominance negatively influences the well-being of both men and women by reinforcing gender inequality, objectifying women, and restricting their sexuality.
Specifically, participants who endorsed male dominance were more likely to view women as either sexually pure, chaste, and generally good, or as sexually promiscuous, manipulative, and generally bad. These men were also more likely to sexually objectify women, express double standards that allow men more sexual freedom and initiative than women, and display benevolent sexism (for example, by trying to take care of women) towards women who embrace traditional feminine roles.
This research supports a contention dating back to the time of Freud, which indicates that some men find sexual pleasure and love for a woman to be incompatible. The results are also consistent with other studies that show holding on to patriarchy-reinforcing beliefs comes at a price for men, as they constantly feel threatened and anxious because of their need to defend their manhood.
"These men may have difficulties feeling attracted to the women they love, or loving the women to whom they are sexually attracted, leading to chronic dissatisfaction in their romantic relationships," explains Bareket.
She believes that clinicians and couple therapists should explore how the Madonna-Whore dichotomy plays a role in their male and female patients. Therapy using psycho-educational interventions that try to reduce sexism and social dominance and promotes empathy and respect towards others could be of value.
###
Reference: Bareket, O., Kahalon, R., et al (2018). The Madonna-Whore Dichotomy: Men Who Perceive Women's Nurturance and Sexuality as Mutually Exclusive Endorse Patriarchy and Show Lower Relationship Satisfaction, Sex Roles DOI: 10.1007/s11199-018-0895-7
Today's guest is Steven Boberski, vice president of Business Development at collab9. The word “collab” in the company name indicates what the discussion centers on: communication in secure environments to achieve an agency goal.
Collab9 is the first organization to get FedRAMP certification for a Unified Communication as a Service offering. This is commonly reduced to UCaaS. Most federal information technology professionals know that unified communications is a system where phone, text, video, messaging, presence, and conferencing are available under one umbrella. This concept has been around for some time.
What makes collab9 unique is that this unified platform is available in the cloud. This gives a typical agency the cost savings of not using capital funds for a unified communication. They can “dial up” as much or as little they want. This “a la carte” nature means that an agency can pick and choose what components work best for their particular environment.
HIGHLIGHTS Nets will monitor free-agent market with eye on keeping salary-cap flexibility
Team looking to improve its three-point shooting
True to the vision they articulated when they arrived to rebuild the Nets, general manager Sean Marks and coach Kenny Atkinson on Monday said they aren't looking for any quick fixes for their NBA-worst 20-62 team but are focused on building for the long term.
Marks declined to identify specific needs at positions or areas of improvement that might be targeted and said the Nets will explore not only the NBA restricted and unrestricted free-agent market but also Europe and other foreign leagues. The Nets are projected to have $25 million of salary-cap space, but when asked about targeting elite unrestricted free agents as a means of improving quickly, he sounded a strong note of caution.
“If you go after one of the top-tier guys, you obviously would hope to get him, but does that really make you better?” Marks asked. “Does it get you to 30 wins, 35 wins? The objective here is for us to be in the playoffs.
“But you don't want to go and sign free agents, and next thing you know, your payroll is capped out and you're a 25-win team. So we're going to have to build this strategically, have patience with it . . . We're going to have a big-picture view on this looking down the road.”
A season of travails, many of them injury-related, ended with positive vibes that accompanied an 11-13 finish after a 9-49 start. Improvement came when point guard Jeremy Lin and center Brook Lopez showed they could play well together.
Lopez was regarded by many as a likely trade chip Marks might use to add draft picks, but the general manager appreciated how his 7-foot center added three-point shooting to fit Atkinson's spread offense. “Brook, in both of our minds, is one of the most elite centers in the league,” Marks said. “Does he fit with Kenny's system? I think we've seen it does work. As we've seen, Jeremy and Brook make other people better.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Marks was especially pleased by the coaching staff's job in fostering a culture that promotes closeness and a strong work ethic. Speaking of the players, Marks said, “They're socializing together, they eat together, the conversations that are had around the water cooler, so to speak. Those guys are cheering on their teammates, and it's real. They're holding each other accountable. That's pretty rare.”
If there is one area that Marks and Atkinson want to upgrade, it's the three-point shooting. The Nets ranked fourth in the NBA in three-point shots attempted but only 26th in three-point accuracy (.338), meaning there were too many empty possessions.
“Kenny and I talked about our shooting a lot,” Marks said. “Obviously, we value the three-point shot. I am right there with him on that. It will be taking the right shot, but it will be having the right personnel to take those shots. We will certainly look to address that.”
Although they won't have their guaranteed top-four pick in the draft because it was traded to Boston by the previous regime, Marks acquired the 22nd pick from Washington at the trade deadline to go with the Celtics' 27th pick. Asked if he might try to package those to move up or take a young European to stash overseas for a year, he said anything is possible.
“I like having two picks,” Marks said. “I think it just gives us another swing at it. We'll stay creative and stay as strategic as we can.”
Brooklyn Nets videos
Marks said he and Atkinson are about to make a European trip and will meet with owner Mikhail Prokhorov and scout prospects. Reports have linked the Nets to CSKA Moscow point guard Milos Teodosic.
“Look, he is a terrific player, but there are a lot of guys out there,” Marks said. “Last time I was in Europe, I probably saw eight different teams. [Assistant GM] Trajan Langdon is heading out again, and he is going to see 10 different teams. It would be pretty irresponsible of me to say, ‘We've got one guy in mind.' ”
Whatever decisions Marks and Atkinson make in the draft and free agency will have a major impact on the group of backups with non-guaranteed contracts they developed into significant contributors, including Spencer Dinwiddie, Sean Kilpatrick, K.J. McDaniels, Joe Harris, Quincy Acy and Archie Goodwin.
“Those guys came in here and really took advantage of the opportunity they had,” Marks said. “They all proved they are NBA players. I will steal one of Kenny's phrases that he is intrigued by a lot of them.”
As much of a struggle as his rookie head-coaching season was, Atkinson said it helped not only the players but his own growth. “I kind of like the process, and looking back on it, having to fight through some tough times,” Atkinson said. “I think that's going to make us better in the long run, but I know it's a day-to-day thing and every day counts this offseason.”
Border Patrol agents in South Texas arrested nearly 300 Bangladeshi nationals for illegally crossing the border from Mexico during the first six months of Fiscal Year 2018. Border Patrol officials say the Bangladeshis make their way to Texas via a cartel-connected smuggling pipeline.
In two separate incidents over the weekend, Border Patrol agents in the Laredo Sector arrested nine young men from Bangladesh. They crossed the Rio Grande River boundary from Nuevo Laredo to South Laredo, according to information obtained by Breitbart Texas from Laredo Sector officials.
The Laredo Sector leads the nation in the apprehension of Bangladeshi nationals who illegally cross the border. So far this year, the Laredo Sector arrested 200 Bangladeshis — all men who are mostly between the ages of 18 and 35, officials told Breitbart Texas in an interview earlier this month.
Officials in the Rio Grande Valley Sector confirmed to Breitbart Texas that their agents apprehended an additional 76 Bangladeshi nationals for the current fiscal year. This brings the total in South Texas to 276.
“When we talk about the different groups that are crossing into an area, what we're trying to draw attention to is a more comprehensive look at our threat picture,” Acting Chief Patrol Agent Jason D. Owens told Breitbart Texas during a recent phone interview. “We need to stay away from just focusing on the family units and Unaccompanied Alien Children that are coming from Central America and Mexico. What the men and women of the U.S. Border Patrol are dealing with on a daily basis is so much more complex than that.”
“You have to look not only at the numbers of folks coming across in our Area of Responsibility (AOR),” Owens explained, “but also, who they are and where they're from because that very much affects how we meet the threat.”
Bangladesh has been described by many as a hotbed of terrorist activity. In March 2017, the British government issued a travel advisory for Bangladesh to its citizens warning of potential terror attacks. The warning cited several incidents of terrorist activity in the months leading up to the travel advisory's issuance.
In 2016, CNN and The Economist spotlighted terrorist activity in Bangladesh. And, in February 2017, the Tony Blair's Institute for Global Change wrote, “Bangladesh is alternately heralded as a beacon of tolerance and secularism in the Muslim-majority world or a hotbed of Islamist militancy.”
Laredo Sector Assistant Chief Patrol Agent Gabriel Acosta told Breitbart Texas on Thursday that the Bangladeshi nationals do not pick their point of entry into the U.S. “That is determined by the transnational criminal organization (TCO) that works with the smugglers from the country of origin, into South America, up through Central America, and into Mexico,” Acosta explained. “They are paying upward of $27,000 each to be smuggled into the U.S.”
Acosta said the Bangladeshis are not trying to be sneaky in crossing the border, nor are they trying to avoid detection and arrest. “They have been coached by the TCO on what to say and how to make a ‘credible fear' claim,” he stated.
Border Patrol officials contact members of the FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force each time a Bangladeshi national is arrested, Acosta said. From there, they are turned over to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers for processing.
Assistant Chief Acosta explained further. “Because of the ‘credible fear' law and the coaching received by the Bangladeshis from the TCOs, ERO officers will issue a notice to appear for a future immigration hearing. “In many cases, we will never see them again,” he said.
In December 2017, Breitart News' John Binder reported that more than 140,000 Bangladeshi nationals have entered the U.S. since 2005. This is more than the entire population of Dayton, Ohio, he wrote. Most of these entered through the “chain migration” system President Donald Trump is seeking to end.
One of those, 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, allegedly injured himself and three others when he exploded a homemade bomb in New York City, Breitbart News reported.
Ullah reportedly told police, “They've been bombing in my country and I wanted to do damage here.”
Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX, GAB, and Facebook.
The Roman Catholic Dioceses of Alberta hosted the Canada 150 edition of the One Rock festival at the Tsuu T'ina Rodeo Grounds. The annual event, which ran this year from Friday to Sunday, blends both religious and entertainment programming.
Like other weekend festivals, camping is a central part of the attendee experience. The outskirts of the Tsuu T'ina Rodeo Grounds was packed with recreational vehicles and tents. One of the campsites was occupied by Rose and John Heffernan, who brought their baby son Gabriel down from Edmonton for the family-friendly experience.
“This will be four or five years, we haven't missed one,” said John.
Motioning to his wife, who was preparing crêpes from their tailgate, he continued: "Last year, she was pregnant, so she was huge. She was due in August two weeks later, but we decided to come anyway because we just had to be here.”
“We don't stay up all night now, we used to be up until three in the morning talking about natural family planning and other family stuff with people. But now, we have to go to bed at 11 because we have a baby,” said Rose, feeding Gabriel a bite of crêpe beside the campfire.
“It's also a bonus that we're so close to the tents so we can hear the music and some of the talks. We go to it when it fits in with what we're doing here with discussions with friends and our priorities of taking care of our little one."
Talks came from both well-travelled bishops and motivational speakers, with musical performances from the likes of gospel rock chart toppers The Informants.
While they enjoyed the programming, the Heffernans believe those grassroots, fireside conversations with other festival attendees are the highlight the weekend. "We come for the camping, and the bonding with strangers and people we know,” added John.
The Heffernans certainly knew plenty of people. "Usually, a few of my siblings come, and we know some of the seminarians,” said Rose, with her husband adding, “I saw a girl I went to bible school with 12 years ago. People from all over the place come to this event. Random guests, Rose and I probably know thirty people.”
However, with Gabriel in the picture this year for the first time, he acknowledges that they enjoy the festival in a different way now.
"Talks are different with a baby, because Rose might be listening but I might be walking around with Gabriel in his stroller, or she is,” he said.
“And mass, every time mass ends we go, 'We survived it.' We just want to make sure he stays as quiet and as calm as possible. It's harder to enter into this sort of things, but that's part of having a kid. It's worth it."
Jane says the warmth from festival-goers helps. "They all kind of smile. The community here too is really good, everyone's very loving to family. They kind of understand and have probably been there themselves."
PGibson@postmedia.com
THE PLENARY of Panama's Supreme Court (CSJ) “rejected outright” a challenge by the lawyers of ex-President Ricardo Martinelli, to set aside three magistrates appointed to resolve to a habeas corpus presented in the process followed after he granted 355 pardons hours before he left office in June 2014. The pardons included many for criminal violations, by party insiders, which have been declared unconstitutional.
At the hearing before the plenary session on Monday, December 11 the defense was represented by Carlos Carrillo and Sidney Sitton, who also request the suspension of the criminal action and leave without effect the arrest warrant for the ex-ruler, dictated in October by Judge José Ayú Prado, acting as judge of guarantees.
Martinelli, who has a large team of lawyers to assist him in defending multiple corruption investigations, will complete his sixth month in a Miami, Florida, prison, on Tuesday, December 12. He is awaiting extradition but has another habeas corpus before a US Federal judge in January.
A local court on Monday cancelled a bailable warrant against actor Sanjay Dutt, which was issued on 15th April. The actor appeared in front of Andheri metropolitan Magistrate two days after the warrant was issued and asked for its cancellation.
According to reports, Dutt's lawyer mentioned that communication lapse had led to his client's non-appearance earlier and that henceforth he will be present for all further proceedings in the case filed against him by film producer Shakeel Noorani back in 2013.
The case is related to a monetary dispute in which Noorani had claimed that Sanjay had committed to play the lead role in a movie titled Jaan Ki Baazi, but didn't keep his word. Noorani had filed a complaint four years ago, alleging that he had received threatening calls from the underworld on behalf of Sanjay to drop a case.
An official statement from Sanjay's spokesperson read: “This case has been going on since a long time and the present situation has arisen because of the communication lapse between our lawyers and us.”
“We respect the urgency shown by the honourable court regarding our attendance/representation and we would take immediate measure to rectify the situation.”
Noorani's lawyer Neeraj Gupta had told IANS: “We had filed this matter in 2013 against Sanjay Dutt because my client was getting underworld threats to drop the case which was filed against the actor.”
“We had approached police and no action was taken. So we approached the magistrate court and in 2013, Sanjay was issued the summons. At that time, he wasn't coming to court and he was issued a warrant. But just 4-5 days later, he had to surrender in court (for another case). So that time, it got cancelled.”
“Even after coming out of the jail, he didn't come to court. February 7, 2017 was the last date of the case. We wanted a warrant to be issued that time itself, but the court said let's give one more chance.”
On his work front, the actor has been occupied with the shooting of his comeback film Bhoomi, being directed by Omung Kumar.
There was a lot to love — or maybe hate — about the 1980s. Walkmans. Bangles. Mullets. And … Donald Trump.
Yes, even 2017's president-elect can sometimes seem out of a different era (one with a lot more velour and perms). "Many of ... Trump's cultural touchstones, which he'd frequently name-drop at campaign rallies and on Twitter, were at their peak in the 1980s — the decade Trump's celebrity status rose in New York, Trump Tower was built, The Art of the Deal was published, and he first flirted with running for public office," The Associated Press reports.
But a love of Bobby Knight and Sylvester Stallone is not the only thing Trump is holding on to:
Much of Trump's political philosophy was formed in the 1980s too. In 1987 as he first floated running for president, he took out a full page ad wondering why the U.S. was "paying to defend countries that can afford to defend themselves." His frequent depictions of inner cities as dangerous and crime-ridden seem to to harken to the crack-plagued life of urban areas in the 1980s, more than the largely safer big cities of today. In The Art of the Deal, he voiced positions on trade he still holds today. That book, which made him a household name when it was published in 1987, also holds many of the principles that guided Trump's business career — and, decades later, his bombastic campaign for the White House. [The Associated Press]
And that's not even to mention Trump Tower's "gold lamé party dress" interior. Jeva Lange
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
A fierce Kremlin critic and prominent Russian war correspondent, Arkady Babchenko, said on Wednesday he had faked his own death in order to foil a real plot against his life.
Babchenko showed up alive at a news conference in Kiev, one day after he was reportedly killed there, shocking a room full of journalists who had been covering his supposed murder. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko blamed Moscow for wanting to kill Babchenko, and congratulated his country's security services for becoming stronger in the face of "Russian aggression."
Russia dismissed the charge as part of an "anti-Russian campaign," its foreign minister Sergei Lavrov said.
Camera Icon Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, left, and Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko speak during their meeting in Kiev. Picture: AP
Babchenko, 41, fled his native Russia for Ukraine last year after receiving death threats for criticizing Russian military involvement in Syria. He told reporters Wednesday that his fake death was part of an operation with the security services in Ukraine that took two months to prepare.
Sporting a black hoodie and appearing somewhat perplexed, Babchenko first offered his wife "special apologies for the hell she's been through these past two days." His wife, according to the version that was reported Tuesday, had found his body after he had been shot several times by the entrance to their apartment in Kiev. It was not clear if she had been involved in the plot or not.
He matter of factly told reporters, "I've done my work. I'm still alive and not going anywhere." A few hours after his stunning appearance, Babchenko triumphantly took to Twitter to say he will live to the age of 96 and dance on the grave of Russian President Vladimir Putin. He also promised he would drive an American military truck through central Moscow.
Babchenko's resurfacing immediately brought cheers of jubilation from his colleagues at Radio Free Europe in Ukraine. But it also drew condemnation from Russians, wary of how his faked death could be manipulated by Russian authorities.
Camera Icon Flowers and a portrait of journalist Arkady Babchenko. Picture: McClatchy Tribune
"What a wonderful day for Kremlin propaganda," Russian journalist Leonid Ragozin tweeted.
Russia's state-run RT network used the incident to draw parallels with the poisoning of former double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter earlier this year in England, which the West blamed on Russia, implying that both incidents were faked.
Ethical questions were also raised in the wider journalism community.
"It is always very dangerous for a government to play with the facts, especially using journalists for their fake stories," the head of Reporters Without Borders, Christophe Deloire, wrote on Twitter. "Thanks, Ukrainian security services," tweeted Lindsey Hilsum, international editor for Channel 4 in the UK. "That's really helpful to all who care about journalist safety."
No stranger to death, Babchenko served in the Russian army during Chechnya's two wars for independence, after which he wrote a powerful memoir about the everyday brutality of conflict before turning to journalism, writing about war for a range of Russian publications.
Camera Icon Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko, listens for a question during a news conference. Picture: AP
His alleged death was widely condemned by American and European officials as an attack on press freedom. Vigils and tributes to Babchenko popped up in Moscow, just moments before he dramatically re-appeared. The Russian government had demanded on Tuesday that Ukraine conduct a full investigation into his death, though many in Kiev suspected at the time that Russians were behind it.
Ukraine's chief of security services, Vasyl Gritsak, said Ukrainian police had detained one suspect involved in the real plot against Babchenko, a former rebel fighter in eastern Ukraine - in other words, one allied with Russia in the fighting there. Gritsak said he had been paid $30,000 to carry out the attack. Poroshenko ordered that Babchenko and his family be given round-the-clock security, warning that "Moscow is hardly likely to settle down."
Russia's foreign ministry expressed relief at Babchenko being alive. "If only it were always like this. It's a pity masquerading didn't happen in other situations," ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova wrote on her Facebook page.
Over the last two years, the streets of Kiev have witnessed the murders of two Russians critical of the Kremlin, former lawmaker Denis Voronenkov and investigative journalist Pavel Sheremet. In both cases, Ukraine's government blamed Russia for being involved.
Referring to Babchenko on Tuesday, Russia criticized Ukraine for not doing enough to investigate the murders of independent journalists on its soil.
The first dialogue promo of OK Jaanu starring Shraddha Kapoor and Aditya Roy Kapur is now out. The film which is a romantic drama, is an official remake of Mani Ratnam's OK Kanmani.
The promo features Shraddha's character pulling off a prank on Aditya. The duo is new-age lovers who have no plans to marry each other.
Check out the promo here:
Directed by Shaad Ali, the film is slated to release on 13th January,2017.
The government of Malawi has signed financing agreements aimed to enhance the Shire Valley Transformation Programme and Agriculture Commercialization Project in the country.
Speaking during the signing ceremony on Friday at the Ministry of Finance offices, Capital Hill in Lilongwe, World Bank country director for Tanzania, Malawi, Burundi and Somalia, Miss Bella Bird said their organization is committed to help boost various sectors of agriculture in African countries.
“Word Bank is passionate about increasing the diversity of products and financing in agricultural sectors in Africa including Malawi,” said Bird.
She added that, World Bank is focused to extend irrigation farming in order to raise productivity among small scale famers in Shire Valley.
According to Bird, the World Bank has budgeted USD160 million for the government of Malawi to help support Shire Valley transformation program and agricultural commercialization project.
“We have put a lot of money aside to be used for the two major projects and this is the latest project that World Bank has ever prepared in Malawi for the first time,” she explained.
She said 300 farming cooperatives in the country will benefit with the project noting that this would ease access to international markets by the farmers in the country. She further applauded the country's leadership for introducing the two projects.
Speaking at the same event, the Minister of Finance, Economic Planning and Development, Goodall Gondwe thanked World Bank for helping the country in the transformation and commercialization projects.
“World Bank has done a great thing as the government of Malawi is working on transforming projects in different sectors in the country,” said Gondwe.
He said this would help bring more agricultural factories in the country which will subsequently help create more job opportunities for the youth.
He also said the factories would help add value to the agricultural produce throu the manufacture of cooking oil and peanut butter among others.
Gondwe urged the general public to join hands in order to bring the two programs to fruition.
Baltimore: An war veteran, whose genitals had been blown off by a roadside bomb in Afghanistan, has received a donated penis and scrotum. Doctors of Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore are hopeful that the man's ability to function normally will be restored.
As per a report in the Washington Post, the doctors have said that the transplant - made in a 14-hour surgery - is a medical first. The war veteran received the tissue transplant from a team of 11 doctors in March 2018. They comprised of nine plastic surgeons and two urological surgeons.
The transplant entailed an entire penis, scrotum and partial abdominal wall from a donor. This is said to be different from earlier penis transplants. Earlier ones included only the organ. The report said that only a couple of the procedures have been successful. The donor's testes were first removed for the transplant. It involved connecting blood vessels and nerves from the patient to the tissue material. This included three arteries, four veins and two nerves.
The procedure was estimated to have cost between $300,000 to $400,000. It was not covered by the patient's insurance and the majority of it was covered by the hospital.
WP Andrew Lee, chairman of the department of plastic and reconstructive surgery at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine was quoted as saying by WP - “While extremity amputations are visible and resultant disability obvious, some war injuries are hidden and their impact not widely appreciated by others. He also spoke of the 'devastating impact' that injuries have on men's self-esteem and intimate relationships.
The report further said that the doctors are hoping that the patient would regain 'near-normal' urinary and sexual functions over the coming months.
“It's a real mind-boggling injury to suffer, it is not an easy one to accept. When I first woke up, I felt finally more normal,” the man was quoted as saying by the Washington Post in a release. He has asked to remain anonymous.
The donor is said to be from New England. Details about his cause of death and other information are not known much.
Christ United Methodist Church will observe 125 years of ministry in the Salt Lake Valley come Sunday, April 23.
Pastor Jean Schwien says all are welcome to join the congregation at 2375 E. 3300 South in celebrating the historic anniversary.
A 9 a.m. reception is planned in the church's gymnasium, followed by a worship service at 10:30 a.m. to be led by Schwien and several former CUMC pastors. Performances from all of the church's musical groups, including two vocal choirs, two handbell choirs and the congregation's youth praise band, also are on the program.
"We are excited to celebrate this special day," Schwien says."This church has been a powerful witness to God's love as we have worked to care for folks who are at risk for hunger, homelessness and poverty. I am proud to serve a congregation that welcomes all people from all walks of life."
JOHANNESBURG - Police in Mozambique say 10 people have been beheaded in the country's north amid concerns that the machete-wielding attackers have links to Islamic extremism.
The Portuguese news agency Lusa cites police as saying Sunday's attack occurred near the rural community of Olumbi and that the suspects are being pursued. The dead include two teenagers.
This is not the first time fears have been raised over suspected extremist attacks in the remote north of the largely impoverished southern African nation.
Since Hurricane Maria, people in Puerto Rico have been without easy access to electricity, clean drinking water, or food. Many are still staying in shelters; some are living in the ruins of their homes. The once-lush green trees were stripped bare and uprooted.
But all is not lost.
There are two quintessential Puerto Rican sounds that survived:
One is the plaintive song of the tiny coqui frog.
The other is the improvised Afro-Puerto Rican call-and-response musical tradition known as Plena.
Last Sunday, a group of musicians gathered in Calle Loiza, a San Juan neighborhood known for African-inspired folklore. The annual Calle Loiza festival had been cancelled because of the hurricane, but they didn't let that stop them from parading through the streets, playing hand drums and singing plenas.
"It's very, very Puerto Rican," says Emanuel Santana, a singer with the bands Plena Libre and Viento de Agua. "Every time a Puerto Rican hears the drums called panderos, you can have them come down in tears in a time like this. Of course, there's no electricity to even hear music. You have no MP3s right now. So we're back to basics."
The musicians traveled down the sidewalk, stopping at the few bars that have managed to open and are operating on generators. Along the way, they attracted followers who sang along.
Leading the group was Hector Matos - known as "Tito" Matos - a Grammy nominee born in Santurce, and one of Puerto Rico's best known pleneros. He drums and sings plenas about the love he has for the island.
"Love Mother Earth, respect of nature, you know, environment," he says, with his three-year-old son at his side. "Trying to use the moment to also teach the young generation these hurricanes are coming faster, bigger and stronger than ever, and that's because of us."
Matos is a member of the New York band Los Pleneros de la 21 and founder of Viento de Agua. He's recorded and toured with well-known musicians Eddie Palmieri, David Sanchez and Ricky Martin. He also owns a restaurant in Calle Loiza called La Junta. The wooden building was demolished in the hurricane. After the storm, it was vandalized.
"I have to deal with the issues of the hurricane and also go back every day to try to salvage some stuff," he says. "But look at my face: we are happy. I mean, we are alive. All my family members are fine and well. And we can rebuild."
Even as Puerto Ricans continue to struggle to recover from the storm, Matos says he and his pleneros want to bring them a little joy with the music.
"We're all on standby," says Missy Adamus, a chef at La Junta. She says they are trying to rebuild the restaurant, their homes, their lives. But at least they still have their music.
"Music has brought back to life what was dead in Calle Loiza," she says.
Plenas are sometimes known as "singing newspapers," giving the latest updates on what people are feeling and the news of the day. The headline of this week's plenas was about the devastation of Hurricane Maria.
Winding through the neighborhood streets, they sing about resilience: "Our plena, our song, our music, is stronger - our community is stronger than Maria."
A male cyclist has suffered head and facial injuries after being involved in a crash with a van yesterday evening (Wednesday June 14).
West Midlands Ambulance Service were called to the scene at the junction of High Street and Bridge Street at 6.30pm.
Two ambulances, a paramedic officer and a helicopter from Warwickshire and Northamptonshire Air Ambulance were sent, which landed in Abbey Fields.
A spokesman for the service said: “The male was found with facial and head injuries. He wasn't wearing a cycle helmet.
“He was not fully conscious, and doctors anaesthetised him at the scene.
“He was taken by land ambulance with a doctor on board to University Hospital Coventry and Warwickshire.”
The cyclist's condition is currently unknown.
While we wait for the authorities to complete their investigation of the Las Vegas massacre, I want without further comment to compile a few of the stories documenting the humanity and heroism amid the horror. At the bottom I include President Trump's statement at the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department yesterday paying tribute to law enforcement officers who answered the call:
• Wesley Lowerey (Washington Post): “Two strangers bond over country music and beer. Then the gunshots started.”
• Jay Reeves and Don Babwin (AP): “Husband killed while protecting wife on their anniversary” (and other stories of those who died).
• Justin Glawe (Daily Beast): “Unarmed security guard took on Las Vegas killer Stephen Paddock” (the unarmed security guard is Jesus Campos).
• James Wilkinson and Ashley Collman (Daily Mail): “‘They're shooting right at us': Police release heart-pounding bodycam footage of the frantic search for Las Vegas gunman and their attempts to get people to safety as bullets fly over their heads.”
• Heather Long (Washington Post): “He was shot helping people during the Las Vegas shooting. His heroics helped his photo go viral” (on Jonathan Smith).
• Euan McCurdy and Erin Burnett (CNN): “Hero who saved 30 people reunited with officer who saved his own life” (more on Jonathan Smith).
• Donald Trump (White House): “Remarks by President Trump to Civilian Heroes and Law Enforcement Officials.”
I'm sure there are many more that I have missed and more that will become known in the coming days. These stories, however, offer “something like a star to stay our minds on and be staid.”
Galleries
Beauty
ARLES, France — If cruise shows are all about transporting the audience, Alessandro Michele deserves the award for the most dazzling spectacle to date in a season thick with powerful imagery.
The Gucci creative director chose the Alyscamps, a Roman necropolis in the southern French city of Arles, as the setting for his show, and took full advantage of the area's epic history with a nighttime display that transcended space and time with a trove of references ancient and modern.
Clouds of smoke and rows of church candles bathed the open-air space in a Gothic ambience, enhanced by the haunting soundtrack of Claudio Monteverdi's “Vespers for the Blessed Virgin.”
As night fell and guests including Saoirse Ronan, A$AP Rocky, Salma Hayek and Christian Lacroix took their places on mirrored cubes, a line of fire ignited down the central alleyway, signaling the start of the show.
The models swept out thick and fast in outfits so intricate, the eye struggled to keep pace. Michele sent out a dizzying 114 looks for women and men, mixing brand signatures — think plaid skirts, floral silk prints and tiger patterns — with outfits designed for fantasy characters ranging from rock stars to 19th-century widows.
Shrouded in velvet dresses and richly embroidered capes, models wielding flower bouquets emerged from the fog, evoking spectral Madonnas in the purest Catholic tradition. A black moire cape swept dangerously close to the flames, while a black fur coat with leg-of-mutton sleeves had a Seventies Victoriana edge.
Nestled amid the intricate embroideries were obscure references to local history, including some of the city's former names, Gallula Roma and Urbs Genesii. Some outfits featured verse by Italian poet Dante Alighieri, one of the many artists to have found inspiration in the Alyscamps.
Fast-forward through time, and buckled bondage pants nodded to an Eighties-era Billy Idol. A sleeveless denim jacket was covered in sequined patches, while a flapper-style fringed dress was paired with Spice Girls-worthy fluorescent platform shoes.
Beneath the apparent anarchy was a wealth of marketable merch, including a good half-dozen collaborations that should fly off the shelves. The famed Pan logo that is a fixture on laundry bags, cocktail stirrers and bath amenities at the Chateau Marmont Hotel in Los Angeles appeared on items like a white sweatshirt.
Michele reprised the baseball team emblems of his fall ready-to-wear collection, and gave the Gucci logo a new spin by rendering it in the vintage font of video gamemaker Sega.
In what is also becoming a brand signature, he nodded to fellow designers young and old. Harris Reed, the Central Saint Martins student who has shot to fame for designing tour outfits for Harry Styles, walked in the show dressed in a sheer pink GG-logo lamé shirt and matching vinyl pants.
Another outfit was topped with a little cap sprouting an oversize glittered feather — a tribute to the late Frank Olive, a designer of hats for fashion houses, department stores and performers like Diana Ross and Peggy Lee.
Ronan noted the outfits were not that dissimilar from her most recent film costumes. “Myself and my friend are in it, and we were just looking at each other, because the really high headpieces are exactly what we wore in ‘Mary Queen of Scots,' so watching the show really made miss that,” she mused.
Lacroix, who was born in Arles and often referenced the city's traditions in his fashion designs, said he felt a special kinship with Michele. “When we talk to each other, I feel like I am talking to my little brother. We really are attracted to the same things. We have the same tastes, the same passions,” he said.
Indeed, one could imagine no better publicity for the city, which is enjoying a renaissance, thanks in large part to Swiss art patron Maja Hoffmann, who was also among the guests at the show.
Hoffmann has enlisted Canadian-born architect Frank Gehry to build a 185-foot tower that will be the center point of her Luma art foundation, opened in 2013. The sprawling site, with an estimated cost of 150 million euros, also encompasses abandoned rail yards that have been renovated and now house exhibitions.
The heir of the pharmaceutical giant Roche has invested extensively in the city, renovating two local hotels, the Hôtel d'Arlatan and the Hôtel du Cloître, and also owns the Michelin-starred organic restaurant La Chassagnette in the neighboring Camargue region.
Hoffmann said she welcomed Gucci's decision to shine a spotlight on Arles.
“I think it's really interesting. We do some trans-disciplinary projects, so it's very interesting for us to also see this aspect. I mean it's just amazing to see the crowd and the ‘caravane de la mode,'” she said, referring to the editors attending the itinerant cruise shows. “It fits very well also [into] our personality. We are quite original.”
Michele has a nose for culturally significant locations, having staged his previous cruise presentations in locations including the Dia Art Foundation in New York City, the Cloisters at Westminster Abbey in London and the Palatina Gallery in Florence's Palazzo Pitti.
“After cruising New York, London and Florence, France was the most natural and organic landing place for Gucci. I wanted to pay my homage to this incredibly important and fundamental country for our culture and history,” he told WWD in a statement prior to the show.
“Among the many beautiful places in France, I chose Arles. I have always been a great admirer and a curious and avid traveler of that part of the South of France, which I visit at least once every year. I actually decided to have this year's cruise show [here] last year, when I was in Arles for a long weekend in July,” he explained.
“All the places I travel to for cruise also belong to my personal story. They are heartfelt places, which have a lot of meaning to me. Nothing is accidental,” Michele added.
The show for 400 guests marked the first time the Alyscamps site has hosted an event of this magnitude. Arles is dotted with ruins from the Roman period, including an amphitheater, earning it a place on UNESCO's list of world heritage sites.
In recent times, it has remained a magnet for artists and photographers, thanks to the Fondation Vincent van Gogh and the annual Rencontres d'Arles summer photography festival. Director and artist Julian Schnabel was in town recently to film his latest feature, “At Eternity's Gate,” starring Willem Dafoe as van Gogh.
Gucci has made a donation to the city to support its artistic heritage. The show in Arles marked the beginning of a French season for the brand, which will decamp exceptionally to Paris Fashion Week in September.
Gucci chief executive officer Marco Bizzarri said Carlo Capasa, the head of the Camera Nazionale della Moda, Milan fashion's governing body, was on board with the decision.
“He understands that the brand sometimes has to make decisions to maintain the brand equity and he's very flexible and intelligent. Of course, going away from Milan in a season could be a problem for the week, but overall, we go back,” he said.
Indeed, Milan could ill afford to lose a powerhouse like Gucci, which last year topped 6 billion euros in sales for the first time. Organic sales at the brand have grown by more than 35 percent for five consecutive quarters, and the company is set to map out objectives at an investor day in Florence on June 7.
If proof were needed of its reach, the entertainment at the afterparty came courtesy of none other than Sir Elton John, who will wear the label for his three-year “Farewell Yellow Brick Road” tour.
As light bathed the magical setting, the British singer performed hits such as “Your Song,” “Rocket Man” and “I Guess That's Why They Call It the Blues,” capping an evening of sensory overload — in the best possible sense.
A waiter nearby proffered a tray of shot glasses, exclaiming: “Vodka!” Make that a double.
How much time do you spend getting yourself looking good? And add up how much money you've spent on nice clothes to impress the onlooker.
No matter what you're wearing or how your hair is styled, there are words you can say that will make you appear dumb.
I'm not saying you should stop caring how you look. But you should also care just as much about how you sound because you will be judged by others far more on that than on your fashion sense.
You should listen carefully to how you talk. There are words that you may be using, that are classified by speaking experts as lazy words.
Remove these words from your vocabulary as they are a danger to you. Because any amount of overuse of these words will immediately make you sound stupid.
Dictionary.com has identified five words that make you sound dumb and the explanations why:
Actually: This is a "crutch word" that we use either to give us more time to think or to emphasize a statement. It's a verbal tic because it does not add meaning to the sentence. Example: "Actually, I would like to see that movie tonight." Literally: You are only using this adverb correctly if it describes an action that occurs in a strict sense. But far too frequently, we use it to emphasize an exaggeration or a figurative statement. Example: "I literally watched a million hours of TV today." Basically: This word is used to signal truth, simplicity or confidence--something that is fundamental or elementary. Example: "Basically, he made a bad decision." However, all too often it is used instead to signal a sense of authority and finality. "Basically, I'm the boss here so you will do what I say." Honestly: We use this crutch word to express our authority or incredulity. Example: "Honestly, I don't know what she was thinking!" The problem is that it rarely adds honesty to a statement. Like: Like, this is our favorite lazy word. We use it, like, all the time, like, so it gives us time to think about, like, what we want to say next. "Like" shouldn't be banned from your vocabulary. You can use it correctly to describe something of the same form, appearance, kind, character or amount. Example: "The colors in that fabric are like a summer sunset." But don't use it as a synonym for "um."
See Also:
Seven stories in the news for Thursday, June 15
———
A parliamentary committee studying Canada's slumping media industry will reportedly call for a five per cent tax on broadband Internet services to boost a sector struggling to adapt to technological changes and evolving consumer habits. Function lights are illuminated on a modem in Chelsea, Que., July 11, 2011. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Adrian Wyld
TRUMP SELECTS NEW AMBASSADOR TO CANADA
U.S. President Donald Trump has a selected a big-money political donor and philanthropist with ties to the coal industry as the next American ambassador to Canada. If approved by the U.S. Senate, Kelly Knight Craft would replace Bruce Heyman. He held the post since 2014 and resigned in January after Trump ordered ambassadors installed by former president Barack Obama to step down.
———
FEDERAL COMMITTEE EXPECTED TO CALL FOR BROADBAND LEVY
A parliamentary committee studying Canada's slumping media industry will reportedly call for a five per cent tax on broadband Internet services to boost a sector struggling to adapt to technological changes and evolving consumer habits. Liberal and opposition sources have told The Globe and Mail that the new levy is at the core of a majority report of the Canadian Heritage Committee and is to be released today.
———
ASYLUM CLAIM BACKLOG COULD HIT 11 YEARS
An internal government analysis says increasing asylum claims in Canada could push wait times for hearings to 11 years, costing the federal government $2.97 billion in social supports for claimants in the meantime. The projection is based on an analysis of the number of claims currently before the Immigration and Refugee Board and their ability to process them, given current resources. The memo says though the board is trying to whittle down the backlog, there's no new money in the latest budget and claim levels are expected to far exceed projections.
———
JUDGE'S INSTRUCTIONS EXPECTED IN N.S. MURDER TRIAL
A Nova Scotia Supreme Court judge is expected to give his final instructions to the jury today in the first-degree murder trial of Halifax medical student William Sandeson. Sandeson is charged in the death of Taylor Samson, a 22-year-old Dalhousie University student whose body has never been found. The trial has heard Samson went to Sandeson's apartment on Aug. 15, 2015, to sell him nine kilograms of marijuana for $40,000.
———
SWEATING IN FOR NEW NOVA SCOTIA CABINET
Nova Scotia's recently re-elected Liberal government will unveil its cabinet today. Premier Stephen McNeil has a smaller slate of possibilities to choose from than he did in 2013, with the Liberals reduced to a slim majority of 27 seats in the 51-seat legislature. McNeil will have to find replacements for the Justice, Energy and Community Services portfolios.
———
CALGARY POLICE MAKE ARREST IN 'CANADA CREEP' CASE
Calgary police have charged a man for allegedly filming women for at least five years without their knowledge and posting their images to a Twitter account called "Canada Creep." Staff Sgt. Cory Dayley says police received a complaint on Monday about the photos and videos. James Robert Williamson, 42, is charged night with three counts each of voyeurism and publication of voyeuristic recordings and is scheduled to appear in court today.
———
DAREDEVIL SET TO DANGLE OVER NIAGARA FALLS BY HER TEETH
A trapeze artist from a renowned family of daredevils is planning to hang by her teeth from a helicopter over Niagara Falls today. The stunt by aerialist Erendira Vasquez Wallenda comes on the fifth anniversary of her husband's tight-rope walk over the falls. According to organizers, the chopper will hover about 100 metres above the Horseshoe Falls. Today's televised stunt, hyped by local authorities, is expected to last about seven minutes.
———
ALSO IN THE NEWS TODAY:
— Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard and Montreal Mayor Denis Coderre will make a rail announcement.
— Environment Minister Catherine McKenna will make an announcement on the next steps to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
— The team that will represent Canada at the 2017 Invictus Games in Toronto will be unveiled in Kingston, Ont.
— Andrew Scheer, new leader of the Conservative Party, will speak to the Economic Club of Canada in Toronto.
— StatsCanada will release wages by occupation for January to June 2016 and the monthly survey of manufacturing for April.
— Begian Prime Minister Charles Michel will meet with Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard in Montreal.
— Organizers of a Montreal exhibit celebrating the life of Leonard Cohen will unveil the full program of the five-month event.
New Delhi (Sputnik) — India Space Research Organization (ISRO) has selected Russian company JSC Isotope for supply of Radionuclide curium-244 (Cm-244) that enables sources to determine chemical composition of any rocks and soils. "Supplied by JSC Isotope sources will be installed on the Alpha Proton X-ray Spectrometer (APXS) aimed at analyzing the lunar surface within the Indian space program Chandrayaan-2," reads statement released by ROSATOM. Chndrayaan 2 is proposed to be launched during the first quarter of 2018.
Similar Russian sources have already supplied to US for launching of three NASA's expeditions — Mars Pathfinder (1997), Opportunity (2004) and Curiosity (2012) dedicated to explore rock chemistry on Mars. Cm-244 production is carried out only in Russia and the USA.
© AFP 2016/ ARUN SANKAR India Successfully Launches Record 104 Satellites Simultaneously - ISRO
The Chandrayaan-2 comprises of indigenous Orbiter, Lander and Rover. After reaching the 100 km lunar orbit, the Lander housing the Rover will separate from the Orbiter. After a controlled descent, the Lander will soft land on the lunar surface at a specified site and deploy a Rover. The instruments on the rover will collect data for analysis of the lunar soil."Special tests for new systems in Lander have been identified and a Lander Sensors Performance Test over artificial craters created in Chitradurga district in Karnataka, has been conducted. Lunar Terrain Test facility is ready for Lander drop test and Rover mobility tests," said Jitendra Singh, India's Minister of State for Space.Government claims that the cost of the mission is $ 91 million.
Colovos may be a new brand name, but the designers behind it—married couple Michael and Nicole Colovos—are veterans of the fashion industry. Their first brand (the denim label Habitual) led them to acclaim in New York. Soon after, they lead the re-launch of Helmut Lang as co-creative directors. “We learned a lot from that experience,” Michael explained of their time there. “We came in from the sort of opening ground after changes had been made there. But we were part of something that grew, and it was really interesting to see something of that scale.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Colovos
Now on their own again, the duo is building the Colovos label steadily, focusing on production and showing for the first time on the runway at New York Fashion Week. “I think we're ready to take the brand to another level, which is part of the reason for doing a show,” said Nicole. “It just feels like the right time to maybe show people a little bit more of who we are, as a brand. I think having a show allows that process in a more impactful way.”
Though the couple was somewhat tight-lipped as to what would be coming down the runway sartorially, they knew what they wanted from their models: attitude and diversity. “For us it's always a matter of the girl wearing the clothes, as opposed to the clothes wearing the girl,” Nicole mused. “I think that that's really what we're looking for a lot of the time when we're casting, is someone when they put the clothing on, they feel instantly comfortable.”
Colovos
“It's always good to show on a full range of girls,” said Michael, also commenting on the decision to move things to the runway. “We get to show a little bit more of who we are. We're creating a space, there's music that we have, the way that we make the girls up—we can really articulate and present it in a way that is true to our brand.”
“I think we're ready to take the brand to another level,” Nicole added. “We've been growing very slowly, organically. The distribution is slowly getting bigger and bigger. We're branching out to more international sales. So it just feels like the right time to show people a little bit more of who we are, as a brand.” Suffice to say, it will be interesting to see the Colovos world on show day.
Colovos will present at New York Fashion week on Monday September 11.
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
VINCENNES, Ind. (WTHI) - A group is moving forward with plans for a new business center in Vincennes.
Scroll for more content...
On Tuesday, News 10 received preliminary plans for the Pantheon Theater.
It features a stage space, office space, and a conference from the first floor.
Th second floor features more work areas as well.
The third floor would have a smaller stage with stadium seating.
The project also has a new board.
Members plan to meet next Wednesday when they could award bids for construction in the fall.
A recent FCC report shows pay phone providers generated $286 million in revenue in 2015. Is the pay phone business making a comeback? Yahoo Finance‘s Seana Smith, Andy Serwer, Myles Udland and Dan Howley discuss.
Data collected by the Cassini spacecraft, before it was deliberately crashed into Saturn's atmosphere in September 2017, show that the planet's illustrious rings are casting a shadow in ionized particles over the planet.
Cassini has transmitted a hoard of valuable data from Saturn since it arrived at the planet in 2004. In its final months, the probe was sent on a series of orbital dips within the rings that reached very close to the planet itself. At altitudes between 2,600 and 4,000 kilometers, the spacecraft passed directly through the planet's ionosphere, a region of the upper atmosphere dominated by ionized particles.
Data collected by the Radio and Plasma Wave Science instrument on board the spacecraft reveal a relatively cold, dense and dynamic ionosphere, Jan-Erik Wahlund and colleagues report. The ionosphere is surprisingly variable and structured on small scales.
One reason for that is shadows cast by the rings, which block ultraviolet radiation from the Sun, thereby reducing the ionization in those regions. However, that cannot explain all of the variation, so Wahlund et al. propose that a "ring rain" mechanism may operate, whereby water ions originating from the planet's rings interact with free electrons in the ionosphere.
Variation in extreme ultraviolet radiation from the Sun, strong longitudinal wind variations, or magnetic field interactions with the rings, are other possible explanations for the variability observed in Saturn's ionosphere, the authors say.
The Daily Galaxy via AAAS
Click Here to View Recent Most Popular Space & Science Posts --"Vestiges of a Universe Prior to Big Bang to What If China Makes 1st Contact"
A video of cattle covered head to toe in faeces has emerged after the animals were unloaded from the controversial live export ship Bader III in Israel.
The Israel Against Live Shipments group captured the animals' condition on May 22, arriving in Israel from Adelaide and Fremantle.
Group spokeswoman Anat Refua said its investigators were “appalled” at the condition of the animals arriving in Eilat, during an intense heatwave of 44C.
“The stench was unbearable and the cattle were covered in faeces from head to toe,” Ms Refua said.
“It is despicable for both Israeli and Australian governments to allow such a trade to operate despite all the evidence of animal suffering.”
An Agriculture Department spokesman said an independent observer and experienced veterinarian had provided daily updates from the 22-day voyage, which were positive in regards to the animals' health and welfare.
Camera Icon The Bader III. Picture: Countryman
“The footage does not reflect the conditions of the cattle throughout the journey,” he said.
“They were washed down every second day, but this cannot occur once the ship is in port and unloading took place over two days.”
The spokesman said Israeli vets were reported to be happy with the condition of livestock and the mortality rate of 0.28 per cent, or 15 of 5799 cattle.
The footage comes two weeks after Federal Agriculture Minister David Littleproud announced harsher penalties for exporters who did not protect the welfare of animals.
It followed the McCarthy review that made 23 recommendations to improve live sheep exports and animal welfare standards on overseas shipments.
The review was prompted by video footage that showed sheep dehydrated and dying aboard the Awassi Express on a three-week journey to the Middle East.
HUTCHINSON, Kan. — The jury trial for a 65-year-old woman accused of causing a fatal accident back on Jan. 21 has been pushed back to next year.
Jane E. Hart is charged with two alternate counts of involuntary manslaughter with different theories of the crime. Both counts are level four felonies with a maximum sentence of over 14 years in prison.
Hart is accused of pulling in front of a motorcycle at 30th and Prairie Dunes Drive. That accident killed 62-year-old Charles Caselton from Burrton. She was eastbound on 30th and made a left turn onto Prairie Dunes Drive. She struck a motorcycle that was traveling westbound. Caselton was pronounced dead at the scene.
Judge Trish Rose had set a tentative trial date of Sept. 12, but at the request of the defense, Judge Rose agreed to a continuance. The trial is now scheduled to begin on Jan. 16, 2018.
Concentrated broccoli sprout extract may help type 2 diabetes patients manage their blood sugar, according to a new study. The findings could offer a much-needed alternative to address the condition, which has become a worldwide epidemic. Type 2 diabetes afflicts more than 300 million people globally, and as many as 15% of those patients cannot take the first-line therapy metformin because of kidney damage risks. Seeking a more viable path forward, Annika Axelsson and colleagues used a computational approach to identify compounds that might counter the disease-associated gene expression changes associated with type 2 diabetes. The researchers constructed a signature for type 2 diabetes based on 50 genes, then used publically available expression datasets to screen 3,852 compounds for drugs that potentially reverse disease. The most promising chemical -- sulforaphane, a naturally occurring compound found in cruciferous vegetables -- tamped down glucose production by liver cells growing in culture, and shifted liver gene expression away from a diseased state in diabetic rats. When the researchers gave concentrated broccoli sprout extracts to 97 human type 2 diabetes patients in a 12-week randomized placebo-controlled trial, obese participants who entered the study with dysregulated disease demonstrated significantly decreased fasting blood glucose levels compared to controls. The authors say developing gene signatures to investigate large public repositories of gene expression data could be a valuable strategy to rapidly identify clinically relevant compounds.
###
I am sorry to repeat myself on the subject of Keith Ellison, but Ellison keeps repeating his lies. As vice chairman of the Democratic National Committee, he is a consequential national figure. In Minnesota, the Star Tribune sits in Ellison's congressional district. It continues to avert its eyes from Ellison's repeated lies. Who will call him on them?
Ellison repeated his lies again most recently in the March 18 column “I have fought against hate my entire career” that has been posted at Medium. Here is the core of Ellison's story:
Over the last few weeks, some political opponents have been pushing the narrative that I am somehow connected to a man named Louis Farrakhan. It's not true. Mr. Farrakhan leads a group called the Nation of Islam and is best known for organizing the 1995 Million Man March. He's also well-known for his anti-Semitism. If you are a Black man from my generation, you remember the march. A huge number of Black men from all across America came to Washington to alert lawmakers to the social and economic problems facing our communities. I helped organize the march in my local community in Minneapolis. And I marched in it, along with civil rights leaders like Rosa Parks and Jesse Jackson. After the march, Mr. Farrakhan's disparaging views on Jewish people, women and the LGBT community became clearer to me. I've since spoken about why I believe Mr. Farrakhan's views ultimately divide our society. I wrote an open letter expressing my opinion of Mr. Farrakhan's views, and I wrote about it in my book, My Country 'Tis of Thee. In a speech just last month he again attacked Jewish people with intolerant and divisive language. I do not have and have never had a relationship with Mr. Farrakhan…
I documented the falsity of this story since Ellison won the DFL nomination to run for the Fifth District seat in 2006 in “Louis Farrakhan's first congressman” (October 9, 2006), in the companion Power Line post “Keith Ellison for dummies,” and in “The Ellison elision” (February 3, 2014).
Most recently, I revisited this history in the context of Ellison's national ambitions in “The trouble with Keith Ellison” (November 21, 2016) and in the Power Line post “Keith Ellison's back pages” (February 8,2017). The 2017 Power Line post includes a video of Ellison as a third-year University of Minnesota Law School student appearing in February 1990 under his Nation of Islam pseudonym Keith Hakim. (His first Nation of Islam pseudonym, I should say.)
From the time he hit the Twin Cities to attend law school until he first ran successfully for office, Ellison was a local leader of the Nation of Islam. Indeed, he first ran for office (unsuccessfully) under another Nation of Islam pseudonym (Keith Ellison-Muhammad, per the 1998 article above that appeared in the Minneapolis Spokesman-Recorder). At that time he sought office as a self-avowed member of the Nation of Islam. He was an enthusiastic member of the hate cult for a long, long time.
Ellison's repeated claims of ignorance are laughable. By the time he sought office again (successfully) in 2002, Ellison had apparently moved on from the Nation of Islam. He has relegated his time in the hate cult to the inconvenient past. Today Ellison is an inveterate liar.
By The Associated Press
BOSTON (AP) — Five female kitchen workers in Boston are detailing a sexual harassment lawsuit they're filing against a national restaurant chain.
The Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights and Economic Justice, which represents the women, says the lawsuit being addressed Tuesday highlights the plight of women in low-wage positions like dishwashers, cleaners and cooks.
It comes as allegations of sexual misconduct have roiled American politics, media, film and other white-collar industries.
The lawyers' committee, a Boston-based nonprofit, says the lawsuit alleges a workplace filled with “lewd behavior, sexually inappropriate comments and unwanted touching.”
Advertisement
The woman and their attorneys are expected to speak Tuesday. The committee hasn't named the women or the restaurant chain yet.
Celebrity chef Mario Batali stepped away from his restaurant empire Monday after four women accused him of inappropriate touching.
Aledo defense smothers Richland
Richland scored on its opening possession but was shut out the rest of the way by Aledo's defense, which forced four turnovers in a 43-7 victory.
Open-source game engine Godot has been working on a multi-month project to vastly improve (and largely rewrite) its 3D renderer to make it as great as its 2D renderer. This work is being done for the Godot 3.0 engine and so far this 3D renderer is seeing a lot of movement.Godot 3.0 is aiming for a modern, clustered renderer that supports graphics features similar to other modern game engines like a physically based renderer, global illumination, shadow mapping, and more.Issued today was the third update on their renderer project. Some of their milestone goals for the month were achieved while other improvements had to be bumped to January to their big undertaking. They also still need to tackle their new particle system but they are hoping to have the renderer effectively done by the end of January.
More details can be found via this blog post . Before anyone asks in the forums, they currently aren't making use of Vulkan but are targeting OpenGL ES 3 and their code can be found via this branch
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Christmas is just around the corner, and a popular Cambridge café has put a festive favourite back on the menu to help get more girls playing rugby.
The Urban Shed 's Crimbo in a Bap roll combines an entire Christmas dinner - meat, veg, sauce and even pigs in blankets - into one delicious sandwich.
This year punters visiting the King's Street eaterie will have the added bonus of being able to support a good cause, with proceeds from sales of the buns being used to support the Hill's Road girls rugby team.
Simon Morrice, director of The Urban Shed, explained that the link-up came up about through Adrian Medd, a regular at the café who coaches the Hill's Road team.
(Image: David Johnson)
"Despite the funding and sponsorship colleges such as Hills Road receive, more is needed," said Morrice. "After hearing of Adrian's efforts I was keen to support the cause, and it was from this discussion that I decided to offer sponsorship for the team.
"Our annual festive special has become famous throughout Cambridge, and 50p from each sale of the baps will go towards further helping the team achieve its objectives."
New Delhi: After the GST Council meeting in New Delhi on Friday, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the committee of finance ministers will revisit the tax on restaurants and hinted at a possible reduction.
Air-conditioned restaurants may get relief as the group of ministers will discuss if the GST can be brought down from 18 percent to 12 percent and submit a report in two weeks.
“Restaurants with turnover Rs 1 crore with AC charge 18 percent GST. We will examine if this can be lowered,” Jaitley said. He said the GST council had noted that restaurants were not passing on the benefit of input credit that they received to the consumers.
From July 1 this year, people have paid 12 percent GST on their bills in non-AC restaurants. The tax rate for air-conditioned restaurants and those with a liquor licence is at 18 percent while five-star hotels have charged 28 percent GST.
GST Council meet: GST to facilitate ease of doing business, says EU
But the taxation structure for restaurants wasn't the big ticket announcement. The GST Council in its 22nd meeting today announced a slew of relief for exporters and small businesses.
Businesses with annual turnover up to Rs 1 crore can now opt for the composition scheme, which enables them to pay tax at a flat rate without input credits. This threshold was earlier Rs 75 lakh.
The optional composition scheme is designed to bring simplicity to payments and to reduce compliance costs.
In the service sector, composition scheme is available only for one sector - restaurants. Under the scheme, businesses have to file only one quarterly return with details of total turnover.
Also read: RBI on GST: Adverse impact on manufacturing, may delay investment
The tax rates under composition scheme is 1 percent for traders, 2 percent for manufacturers and 5 percent for restaurants.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley announced that returns for the month of July and August will be refunded through cheques from October 10 and October 18 respectively. He also said an e-wallet will be created for each exporter by April 1, 2018 for ease of getting refunds.
Exporters had sought that the government fast-track the refund process, fearing over Rs 65,000 crore could get stuck in GST refunds.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Former FBI Director James Comey on Friday skewered the Republican memo that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance authority.
Scroll for more content...
"That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what?," Comey wrote on Twitter Friday.
He added, "DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs."
The roughly four-page memo, released by House Republicans on Friday with President Donald Trump's approval, alleges that the DOJ's Russia investigation was infused with an anti-Trump bias and supported with political opposition research -- the Russia dossier written by ex-British intelligence agent Christopher Steele.
Democrats have criticized the memo as misleading. The FBI issued a statement Wednesday warning that the memo omits key information that could impact its accuracy.
Comey was the head of the FBI until Trump fired him last May. The White House originally said Comey's firing was done at the recommendation of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who criticized Comey for his handling of the FBI's investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server. However, Trump later said he was thinking of the Russia investigation when he made the decision to fire Comey.
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — Many residents of Kenya's capital returned to work on Monday despite a call by opposition leader Raila Odinga to stay at home to protest last week's disputed election in which President Uhuru Kenyatta was declared the winner.
Some street stalls were closed but others opened in the Nairobi slum of Mathare, an opposition stronghold where police battled rioters following the Aug. 8 election that Odinga said was fraudulent. The Kenyan election commission says its voting and counting process was not rigged and international observers have praised Kenya's handling of the election.
Minibus taxi drivers shouted for business from potential passengers in a busy intersection inside Mathare as residents carried vegetables, chickens and went about their business. There was a small protest in Nairobi's Kibera slum, another scene of recent clashes.
Life is returning to normal and residents of the capital are “safe and secure,” said Japheth Koome, the Nairobi police chief.
Even so, there was tension overnight as young men with machetes moved around some areas.
Odinga has said he will announce his “next step” on Tuesday as the government urges people to resume their routines, nearly a week after the election in the East African commercial hub of 45 million people. While he has remained defiant and is sticking to his position that the election was rigged, some sectors of society are urging him to acknowledge defeat so that the country can stabilize.
“I must go out to hustle for myself so I can pay rent, so I can feed myself,” said Isack Avonga, a Nairobi resident who disregarded Odinga's call for a boycott.
Police have fatally shot 24 people in election violence since the vote, according to the state-funded Kenya National Commission on Human Rights, which monitors government institutions. Police have denied they killed that many people, saying they shot some criminals who attacked them and that none of the protests were peaceful.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Tiger Woods had five drugs in his system when he was arrested in May on suspicion of driving under the influence, according to a report Monday. At the time, Woods told authorities that he was taking Vicodin and Xanax, but per ESPN, a toxicology report from the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office indicated the additional presences of Ambien, Dilaudid and THC, the chemical responsible for marijuana's psychoactive effects.
Oyster Bay councilman Anthony Macagnone proposed 12-year term limits for town elective offices at Tuesday night's board meeting.
Macagnone's proposal was made as a walk-on resolution that caught other board members by surprise.
He also proposed a prohibition against town commissioners and deputy commissioners from holding leadership positions in political organizations. His motions were met with applause from the audience but didn't receive seconds and were not voted on.
Macagnone said he made the term-limits proposal because “I just wanted to make sure we get something started.”
Chief deputy town attorney Frank Scalera said during the board's discussion of the proposals that imposing term limits would require a local law and a hearing rather than a board resolution.
“If we don't do it by local law, we do it incorrectly,” Scalera said.
Local News > Archive > December 2017 > 11
<< "$1.6M grant goes to Seven Springs" - "A touch of warmth in time for the holidays" >>
Y's Men deliver
By Becky Barclay
Published in News on December 11, 2017 5:50 AM
Full Size News-Argus/CASEY MOZINGO Eloise Briley and Denise Stevens prepare plates of food for the children waiting for their parents to return from shopping Saturday at the Goldsboro Family Y during the 17th annual Y's Men program. Full Size News-Argus/CASEY MOZINGO Corey Wilson picks up one of the hams to give to a family in need during the Y's Men program Sunday at the Goldsboro Family Y.
Laquetta Cox bought a lot of clothes and toiletries for her four children.
The single mother of four, Kiarra Cox, 17, Tiarra Cox, 17, Quanya Cox, 16, and Jaheim Jones, 14, doesn't have a tree to put the gifts under. The family has been homeless for the past six months, but at least her teenagers have some of the necessities they desperately need.
Through the Y's Men program at the Family Y, her children will still have a Christmas this year.
"We are in and out of motels or we sleep in our truck," Ms. Cox said. "I don't have a job right now, but I'm looking for one."
This was her second year of participating in the Y's Men program. She found out about it last year through the school counselor.
"Last year it was awesome," Ms. Cox said. "It was a blessing. My children were happy.
"I think it's a good program, good for the kids, parents. It brings joy to the children, especially for the kids who are less fortunate. It's a beautiful program."
This is the 17th year the Family Y has held the program. Each year, the Y partners with Wayne County Public Schools, Boys and Girls Club of Wayne County, Wayne Pregnancy Center, Wayne Uplift Domestic Violence Program, Seymour Johnson Air Force Base, 3HC, Southeastern Medical Oncology Center and local churches to find out which families need help during the holidays, who are not receiving assistance from anyone else, said Kriquette Davis, vice president of operations with the Y, who coordinates the program.
"This program is the only one if its kind in Wayne County," she said. "Every penny raised goes right to the families."
The event was held Sunday at the Y. The entire family went to the Y's Men program. Community volunteers were paired up with a family to take the parent or guardian shopping at either Target or Walmart using pre-purchased gift cards.
Ms. Davis said each year, most families get the basic necessities, like clothes, coats and even laundry detergent.
"We want the children to have gifts at Christmas, but they also need the necessities they have to live, too," she said. "This is an opportunity for us to be able to not so much play Santa to the children; we want them to have gifts, but it takes having detergent to wash the children's clothes."
This was Karen Stallings and Austin Terrell's first year of volunteer with the Y's Men program. They heard about the program from a friend who's in Bible study with them and encouraged them to participate. The two were paired with father and took him to Target.
She said the father got some things the family needed and some Christmas presents for his children.
"It's the most amazing feeling," Ms. Stallings said. "You always think about getting presents at Christmas, but giving is the most amazing feeling. That's the entire reason for the season -- giving. It's just so much more important to me than even getting a present. It definitely puts everything into perspective. There's an entire world out that that needs other people."
Terrell said at first the father was a little quiet, not knowing exactly what to expect, trying to figure out what the process was.
"He was very appreciative and very excited when we explained it to him," he said. "As much as it helps him out, it helps us out as well. I now made a connection with somebody I didn't know and was able to help him out. It was a great feeling."
It was also Naisha Coley's first time volunteering with the Y's Men program.
"I wanted to be able to connect with the community and connect with the family this time of year," she said. "I know it's rough for some families."
Ms. Coley took a singe mother of three out shopping.
"I think she was kind of nervous at first," she said. "She focused on her kids, which was cool. I told her at the end that maybe she should buy something for herself, and she said maybe she would."
While the volunteers took the parents out shopping, the children were treated to a meal and did various activities back at the Y.
Lenay Salley, 17, was shooting hoops in the gym.
"I heard that there was an organization where they help families that are less wealthy than others to help give them gifts for Christmas," she said.
Her 4-year-old sister, Aerianna, and 2-year-old brother, Louandrew, were having fun while waiting on Mom to return.
"I don't know exactly what my mom's doing while we are here," Miss Salley said. "It's like a secret Santa-type deal. I thank this organization and everybody who helped."
Quentavius Barnes was playing basketball while his mother shopped for him and his 10-year-old brother, Zykerion.
"This is our second year in the program," he said. "That first year I didn't know what to expect. I was surprised. We got a lot of new stuff. I like this program."
In addition to being able to shop with a $350 gift card, each family also received a Bible, coupons from Chick-Fil-A, a year's free membership to the Y, socks and underwear donated by JCPenney and a box of food, including various canned items and other nonperishable items, along with a ham donated by the Wayne County Pig Farmers Association.
Passersby walk in front of the main branch of Standard Chartered in Hong Kong, in this January 8, 2015 file photo. REUTERS/Bobby Yip
HONG KONG About 11 Hong Kong-based bankers from Standard Chartered Plc's (STAN.L) (2888.HK) private banking unit, including one managing director, are leaving the bank, a spokeswoman for the lender said on Tuesday.
Teresa Lee, managing director of Standard Chartered private banking in Hong Kong, and about 10 relationship managers on her team were leaving, the spokeswoman said, after Asian Private Banker first reported the development.
The spokeswoman for Standard Chartered did not elaborate on the matter. But a source with knowledge of the move said that those who were leaving the bank were part of the bank's Greater China private banking team.
Lee could not immediately be reached for a comment.
(Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Randy Fabi)
JOSH BROLIN
Okay, so this look might not exactly be sexy, but we can't help but ogle the actor's ripped physique — and that's more than enough for us.
The latest bank lending survey released by the Reserve Bank of Malawi (RBM) has shown that demand for loans continues to surge, propelled by increased borrowing by large enterprises.
According to a survey conducted between April and September 2017, the majority of banks reported an increase in loans demanded by large enterprises whilst demand for loans by household and small and Small and Medium Enterprise (SMEs) largely remained unchanged over the survey period.
Most banks, according to the survey findings, revealed that inventories and working capital were the major contributing factors for the increase in demand for loans by large enterprises.
Results of the survey have revealed that most banks reported that both new and existing customers continued to contribute to the increase in demand for loans.
RBM conducts the bank lending survey bi-annually to supplement information on credit market conditions in order to broaden the assessment of financial developments as an input into financial stability and monetary policy decisions.
Findings from the survey also facilitate preparation of economic forecasts as information regarding expected changes in credit conditions could enhance the precision of economic projections.
According to the survey, most banks reported that demand for both short and long term loans increased during the current survey period compared to the previous survey in March 2017, when most banks reported that demand for short-term loans remained unchanged whilst those for long-term loans increased.
Looking ahead, the majority of the country's banks indicated that they expect the demand for loans to increase across all economic agents in the period up to March 2018.
“In particular, 80.0 percent of responding banks in the September 2017 survey, higher than 60.0 percent of banks in the previous survey, expect an increase in demand for loans in the next six months period to March 2018.
“This outturn is largely on account of improvement in macroeconomic environment that is expected to continue in the period ahead,” the survey says.
The survey also reveals that credit standards and conditions for approving loans continued to remain tight between April and September 2017.
In relation to factors that contributed to tightening of credit standards and conditions for approving loans, most banks reported that high risk on collateral provided and poor credit-worthiness of consumers continued to remain the key contributing factors to tightened credit standards and conditions for approving loans across all economic agents.
On the other hand, 40 percent of banks reported that competition from non-banks contributed to eased credit standards and conditions for approving loans to households.
“In particular, the growing competition from village banks and other savings groups that normally offer credit facilities to households without collateral induced banks to somewhat ease their credit standards and conditions for households in a bid to remain competitive.
“However, banks were not compelled by competition from other banks and non-banks to change their credit standards and conditions to SMEs and large corporations. Only a few banks (20.0 percent) were induced by positive expectation regarding the general economy to ease their credit standards and conditions for approving loans to large enterprises, implying that market confidence remains low,” the survey says.
With regard to non-performing loans (NPLs), the majority of banks reported that default rate increased between April and September 2017 and across households, SMEs and large enterprises.
Most banks attributed the increase in NPLs to various factors across the sectors—mainly poor agricultural commodity prices, high cost of borrowing despite the reduction in lending rates; default by one of the large multi-borrowers; and continued intermittent power supply.
Source link
GERMANTOWN, Md. (AP) - At least 20 cars crashed outside the nation's capital this morning when a tractor-trailer spilled its load of gravel and stones across Interstate 270. At least two dozen people were injured.
Montgomery County Fire & Rescue Service spokesman Pete Piringer tweeted that drivers couldn't avoid running into the debris as they commuted toward Washington, D.C., at about 5:20 a.m.
All lanes were closed as many units responded, taking people to hospitals, some with severe injuries. Police rerouted cars but the morning commute bogged down, with the Metropolitan Area Transportation Operations Coordination reporting delays five-miles long.
___
Information from: The Washington Post, http://www.washingtonpost.com
Today-Saturday
Green Valley Conference Tournament, at McCurtain [brackets are on website's sports page].
Whitesboro, Heavener JV boys and Howe JV girls at First Bank Classic in McAlester [brackets are on website's sports page]
Tuesday
Poteau at Spiro, 6:30 and 8 p.m.
Heavener at Talihina, 6:30 and 8 p.m.
Panola at Leflore, 6:30 and 8 p.m.
Clayton at Wister, 6:30 and 8 p.m.
Thursday
Poteau and Red Oak at Wilburton Tournament [brackets will appear on website's sports page later this week].
Choctaw Nation Invitation Tournament, at Talihina [brackets will appear on website's sports page later this week].
Clayton at Leflore, 6:30 and 8 p.m.
Eagletown at Smithville, 6:30 and 8 p.m.
Friday
Poteau and Red Oak at Wilburton Tournament, TBA.
Choctaw Nation Invitation Tournament, at Talihina, TBA.
Spiro at Muldrow, 6:30 and 8 p.m.
Saturday
Poteau and Red Oak at Wilburton Tournament, TBA.
Choctaw Nation Invitation Tournament, at Talihina, TBA.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The European Commission announced in a press release Monday that it would allocate 700 million euros ($825 million) to assist refugees in Turkey, whose number in the country currently amounts to 3.4 million people.
"The Commission has announced today additional humanitarian aid for two major projects through the EU Facility for Refugees in Turkey, that both work by providing monthly transfers on a special debit card. €650 million goes to the Emergency Social Safety Net (ESSN) which is implemented by the World Food Programme. A further €50 million will boost the Conditional Cash Transfer for Education (CCTE) project implemented by UNICEF," the press release said.
© AP Photo/ Emilio Morenatti EU Countries Pledge to Accept 34,000 Refugees After UN Rebuke
The both programs are implemented in close collaboration with the Turkish authorities and the Turkish Red Crescent.
The ESSN program was launched in September 2016. It consists in allocating money to the most vulnerable refugees in Turkey on a monthly basis. The Turkish refugee families, participating in the program, receive about 30 euros per family member every month, which they can spend on essential items such as food, fuel or medicine.
The ССTE program, launched in March 2017, is aimed at encouraging refugee children to attend school. The families, whose children attend school on a regular basis, receive bimonthly payments under the program.
PUNDIT EAMON DUNPHY has advised Declan Rice to stay off social media and focus on his game after his mistake at the weekend cost West Ham in their 4-1 loss to Arsenal.
With the sides level at 1-1 after 81 minutes, Rice made a defensive error when he failed to deal with a cross into the area, which was turned into the net by Aaron Ramsey.
Arsenal's Alexandre Lacazette added a further two goals to put the gloss on the victory at the Emirates Stadium and David Moyes was critical of the young defender after the game.
Rice, who has one cap for the Republic of Ireland senior team, vowed to recover from his mistake on Twitter, but Dunphy was unimpressed.
I'm young.. I'll make mistakes.. it's all a leaning process to get to the top. thank you too the fans again who were brilliant❤⚒ ready to bounce back next week. — Declan Rice (@_DeclanRice) April 22, 2018
“It was very unlike David Moyes,” Dunphy said on RTÉ 2fm's Game On last night. “He's not really like that and I can't remember him publicly criticising a player before.
“Certainly, Declan Rice should get off Twitter because anything that goes on between himself and his coach should stay within the dressing room. You don't need to go public like he did.
“He's a very good, young player. Young players make mistakes and you have to put your hand up sometimes. David Moyes is a good guy, he's not some fool, and he was clearly angry.
“He shouldn't have had a go at the kid, but the kid should keep quiet and get on with his work. It's one mistake, he'll learn.
“If you're on Twitter answering your coach, then you're on the wrong side of where you should be. If Moyes has a problem with his attitude, then there's probably something wrong with his attitude.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
New Delhi: Many countries are actively helping India in the war against terror, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Tuesday.
Addressing the nation from the Red Fort on India`s Independence Day, Modi thanked these countries but did not name them.
"India`s stature in the world is rising. The world is with us in fighting the menace of terrorism. I thank all the countries actively helping us," he said.
Market Insights:
Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE), formerly known as Bluetooth Smart aims to revolutionize the way users experience the IoT by providing powerful wireless network capabilities while being highly power-efficient. The Bluetooth Smart & Smart Ready Market is set to witness modest growth over the forecast period due to the technology evolving as a scalable, power-efficient wireless networking solution that has highly advantageous opportunities for growth in smart homes, building automation, retail, and location-based applications.
Market Research Future (MRFR) has recently released a market report that delves into the various market segments that make up the market to accurately identify trends, opportunities, challenges, and restraints as well as provide unique insights. MRFR has predicted a moderate CAGR of 3.1% during the forecast period of 2017 – 2023, and an estimated market value of USD 5.07 billion by 2023.
Rapid growth and demand for wireless sensors in various technologies is a driving factor of growth for the market. BLE is predicted to enhance IoT applications due to the increased speed with which the technology can transfer data. Some challenges that may restrict limit market growth include concerns regarding privacy and security. However, the ongoing development of the Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready technology is expected to address these challenges.
Get Sample Report @
https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3509
Key Players:
Prominent players that contribute to the competitive landscape of the global Bluetooth smart and smart ready market include, Nordic Semiconductor ASA, Broadcom Corporation, Toshiba Corporation, Murata Manufacturing, Fanstel Corporation, Texas Instruments Incorporated, CEVA Inc., Renesas Electronics Corporation, Microchip Technology Inc., Qualcomm Incorporated, Cypress Semiconductor Corporation, Mediatek Inc., Bluegiga Technologies, Dialog Semiconductor PLC, and Marvell Technology Group Ltd.
Market Segmentation:
The global Bluetooth Smart & Smart Ready market has been analyzed by segments. Segmentation has been done by devices, technology, end-user, and region.
Based on devices, the market has been segmented into smartphones, tablets, desktops, wearable devices and others.
Based on technology, the market has been segmented into Bluetooth 5.0, Bluetooth Smart, Bluetooth Smart Ready, and others.
Based on end user, the market has been segmented into healthcare, transportation, government & defense, education, consumer electronics, automotive, building & retail and others.
Based on region, the market has been segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Rest of the World (RoW).
Regional Analysis:
Analysis of the global market has been segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Rest of The World (ROW).
North America holds the lead in the Bluetooth Smart and smart ready market. This is due to the presence of major market players, swiftly developing IoT technology and a growing requirement for power efficient wireless connectivity. The increasing adoption of IoT technology and the number of products that offer capabilities for wireless network connectivity is expected to propel market growth during the forecast period.
The Asia Pacific has been projected to be the fastest growing regional market segment. The increase in demand and usage of personal electronic devices such as laptops and tablets, along with the penetration of smartphones in emerging economies of this region has created huge potential for the Bluetooth smart and smart ready market. Japan and China are some countries with a strong presence of manufacturers of these devices making the region prominent. Countries such as India and South Korea are expected to fuel market growth due to the rising demand for devices with wireless connectivity features.
Get Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/bluetooth-smart-ready-market-3509
Latest Industry News:
VOLANSYS has announced that HomeBridge™- the company's IoT gateways for smart homes, is Bluetooth 5.0 (BLE 5.0) ready. This will make HomeBridge compatible with many smart devices and allow users to control, connect and manage BLE 5.0 based end devices. Bluetooth 5.0 has eight times the broadcast messaging capacity and twice the speed of comparable low energy connections.
Swedish company Nuvo Air has just launched the latest version of its spirometer for home use. Air next is a small portable device that can be connected to a personal device by Bluetooth Smart. The device's predecessor required a wired connection via an audio jack. However, with the development of a product with wireless capabilities, will allow users to manage respiratory conditions and share data with their doctors.
Table of Contents
1 Market Introduction
1.1 Introduction
1.2 Scope of Study
1.2.1 Research Objective
1.2.2 Assumptions
1.2.3 Limitations
1.3 Market Structure:
1.3.1 Global Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready Market: By Devices
1.3.2 Global Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready Market: By Technology
1.3.3 Global Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready Market: By End User
1.3.4 Global Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready Market: By Region
2 Research Methodology
2.1 Research Technology
2.2 Primary Research
2.3 Secondary Research
2.4 Forecast Model
3 Market Dynamics
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Market Drivers
3.3 Market Challenges
3.4 Market Opportunities
Continue…
List of Tables
Table 1 Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready Market, By Devices
Table 2 Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready Market, By Technology
Table 3 Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready Market, By End-User
Table 4 Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready Market, By Regions
Table 5 North America Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready Market, By Devices
Continue…
List of Figures
Figure 1 Research Methodology
Figure 2 Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready Market: By Devices (%)
Figure 3 Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready Market: By Technology (%)
Figure 4 Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready Market: By End-User (%)
Figure 5 Bluetooth Smart and Smart Ready Market: By Region (%)
Continue…
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India
Phone: +91 841 198 5042
Mail: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Just two Perth councils are planning to keep rate rises at or below inflation, prompting criticism that local government needs to do more to keep a lid on costs.
Other councils are considering increases up to 4 per cent for the year ahead, more than twice Perth's forecast inflation of 1.5 per cent.
Of 12 metropolitan councils that have advertised proposed rate increases, just two — the Town of Cottesloe and the City of Perth — were below 1.5 per cent, at 0.7 per cent and 0.8 per cent respectively.
However, Cottesloe's rates will be artificially low in 2018-19 because it inadvertently collected more money than intended last year and will subsidise this year's rates.
The cities of Swan and Cockburn and the Town of Claremont have proposed rate increases close to inflation: 1.8 per cent for Swan and 1.9 per cent for Cockburn and Claremont.
At the other end of the scale, the cities of Nedlands, Rockingham and Kwinana have proposed rate increases of between 3.5 per cent and 4 per cent.
None of the proposed rate increases is final.
Shadow local government minister Tony Krsticevic said councils needed to do more to minimise rate increases.
“Rate rises across the board should be kept at inflation and councils need to justify to ratepayers why they're beyond that, especially in these difficult times,” he said.
“Councils are obviously not in tune with the difficulties of ratepayers if they're increasing rates more than inflation.”
Mr Krsticevic said he believed internal costs, including wage rises for employees, were driving the rate increases.
But WA Local Government Association president Lynne Craigie said councils had to absorb external costs such as water and power and meet ratepayer expectations about the services they should receive.
“When councils set their budget they have to look at all these things and how it's going to impact the budget,” she said.
She said the cost of utilities set by the State Government, particularly street lighting, was “massive”.
Rate notices also include the emergency services levy, which is collected on behalf of the State Government.
Fast-growing local government areas in particular had to shoulder the costs of infrastructure to keep pace with population growth.
Local Government Minister David Templeman said councils were independent organisations but he would “expect some restraint”, given the tough economic climate.
Nedlands mayor Max Hipkins said about one-third of the city's proposed increase was around its underground power program. He expected the final rates increase would be below the 4 per cent proposed.
City of Rockingham mayor Barry Sammels said demand for community infrastructure was “incredibly high”.
CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — The Latest on the next trial phase of the man facing a possible death sentence for slaying nine people during Bible study (all times local):
1:15 p.m.
A judge has called for a recess in a second hearing on the competency of a man charged with killing nine black people during Bible study at a South Carolina church.
U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel heard more than three hours of testimony Monday before breaking for lunch.
Advertisement
Over the weekend, Gergel says a court-appointed psychiatrist examined 22-year-old Dylann Roof for about five hours.
Jay Bender, an attorney for The Associated Press and other outlets, said closing the hearing would keep the community from an important part of the legal process. Gergel ordered Monday's hearing closed to the media and public, saying Roof's right to a fair trial could be hampered if jurors mulling his sentence learned the contents of the hearing.
Jurors are set to begin hearing evidence Tuesday as to why prosecutors feel he should be put to death for killing nine people at Emanuel AME Church in June 2015.
___
9:30 a.m.
A federal judge has shut out the public from a second hearing on the competency of a man charged with killing nine black people during Bible study at a South Carolina church.
U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel ruled Monday that Dylann Roof's right to a fair trial could be hampered if jurors mulling his sentence learned the contents of the hearing.
Jay Bender, an attorney for The Associated Press and other media outlets, argued against the closure. Bender said closing the hearing to the public would be keeping the community from an important part of the legal process.
Gergel said he would have had to sequester the jury if he opened up the hearing. The judge said he didn't think jurors would intentionally seek out information about the result but might come by it inadvertently, a risk he couldn't take. Gergel said he'd release a transcript of the hearing after a verdict is reached in the case.
Jurors are set to begin hearing evidence Tuesday as to why prosecutors feel he should be put to death for killing nine people at Emanuel AME Church in June 2015.
___
3:30 a.m.
The same jury that last month unanimously found Dylann Roof guilty in the slayings of nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church is returning to court to begin contemplating his punishment.
The sentencing phase of Roof's trial begins Tuesday in Charleston. He could face the death penalty.
With Roof representing himself, the process is sure to be unconventional. The 22-year-old said he plans to call no witnesses or introduce any evidence.
Prosecutors plan to call up to 38 people related to the nine people killed and three who survived the June 2015 slaughter during Bible study at Emanuel AME Church.
Even if Roof is sentenced to death, it's highly unlikely he'd be executed anytime soon. The federal government hasn't carried out a death sentence since 2003.
Orient may be Jap, but they never fell short of the Euro cachet of fine, Swiss dress watches and always retains the high-value in the most premium of their lines. The Orient Star Limited Edition Automatic RE-DK0002L00B Men's Watch, therefore; gets high marks from watch connoisseurs, gaining recognitions from the geeks worldwide to whom, an Orient Star on the wrist is highly praiseworthy despite being much less expensive than its European counterparts. Proud of its technological features, the Orient Star Limited Edition Automatic RE-DK0002L00B Men's Watch is inexpensive yet offers the kind of durability, finishing and accuracy its European cousins are renowned for.
The Orient Star Limited Edition Automatic RE-DK0002L00B Men's Watch is a hidden gem existing in the world of beautiful, high-quality luxury watches. Despite its friendliness towards all budgets, it displays superior craftsmanship resulting in an exceptional attention to details. The Orient Star Limited Edition Automatic RE-DK0002L00B Men's Watch thus truly fulfills the status of being a Limited Edition watch in every aspect and delivers an outstanding quality and functionality, packed with captivating features that make it one of the most distinguished and exquisite mechanical timepieces the world has seen ever! It's marked by an elegant simplicity through an alluring, stainless steel construction and a hand-sewn, crocodile-textured leather strap.
The Orient Star Limited Edition Automatic RE-DK0002L00B Men's Watch boasts of a dial that's impeccably crafted in dark blue and teal that's inspired by the Scottish tartan tradition. Topped with a sapphire crystal glass with anti-reflective coating, the Orient Star Limited Edition Automatic RE-DK0002L00B Men's Watch has an increased visibility that allows appreciating its captivating features all the more. Its expertly-crafted partial skeleton dial makes the Orient in-house Caliber 40S62 automatic, mechanical movement with an improved accuracy visible at work; its, luminescent hour markers and rose gold hands, its 60-second sub-dial and a 40-hour power-reserve sub-dial makes the main dial sumptuous enough to be called striking! From the back, it is a see-through crystal glass that gives a full view of the movement while the rose gold Roman numeral at 12 keeps things from getting boring. The 100m water resistance is an insurance against unforeseen water-related damages.
But most of all, there are only 2000 pieces of these watches that were produced to commemorate the 65th anniversary of the Orient Watch Company and the Orient Automatic Men's Watch is one of them. Grab yours before it runs out of stock!
Bottom line: If you are concerned about a 22-jewel self-winding, automatic, mechanical movement, a more than decent power reserve and a design based on the '50s-style all put together by the latest of technologies, you are not going to find a better deal than the Mens Orient Watches!
Great Lakes Invitational ContestRegister for your chance to win tickets to the 2018 Great Lakes Invitational on January 1-2 at Little Caesars Arena!
Jamie and Stoney Great Lakes Invitational Ticket GiveawayThe 53rd annual Great Lakes Invitational is coming to Little Caesars Arena on January 1-2, 2018. Michigan, Michigan State, Michigan Tech and Bowling Green will compete for the MacInnes Cup in this holiday tradition. Jamie and Stoney have your VIP access including four premium seats, a $100 gift certificate to Made in Detroit, a pre-game penalty box visit and a Great Lakes Invitational prize pack. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on December 20 from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
WWJ Weekend Box Office 12/14/17 - DSO Ring Without Words
Miller Lite Appearance - Twin Peaks97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets. Come to the Twin Peaks in Southgate on December 15 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Green Bay on December 31 at Ford Field.
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) - A judge is effectively reinstating a $1 million penalty against a former Pennsylvania House speaker after the state's highest court threw it out as part of a 2012 corruption sentence.
Pennlive.com reported that a Dauphin County judge imposed the new $1 million penalty Wednesday against John Perzel under a law that targets the pensions of state officials convicted of committing crimes on the job.
Perzel's lawyer, Michael Palermo, says he'll appeal.
The state Supreme Court last year rejected Judge Richard Lewis's 2012 restitution order because, under criminal codes, the state can't be considered a victim.
Perzel, a Philadelphia Republican who was once among the state's most powerful politicians, pleaded guilty to conspiracy, conflict of interest and theft. Perzel served nearly two years in prison and was released in 2014.
11:30
Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
When Richard Nester retired from The Shopping Channel in December, he had two things on his ‘to do' list when he returned home to Niagara: Work part-time in a winery, and do live theatre.
Both jobs were offered to him on the same day.
“I got a job at Colaneri Estate Winery and got this play, The Dining Room, on the very same day,” he says. “Be careful what you wish for!”
Nester is now a wine tasting associate at Colaneri Estate. And starting April 21, he'll play no less than six different characters in A.R. Gurney's classic play, being staged by Something-Something Productions at Corks' Playhouse Theatre in Niagara-on-the-Lake.
Directed by Stacie Primeau, the play is a bittersweet look at America's middle class told through 18 different scenes connected by the same dining room furniture set. It puts a heavy work load on its cast, requiring seven actors (sometimes just 6) to play more than 50 different characters.
Nester, who spent 22 years with The Shopping Channel, is feeling something he hasn't felt in awhile: Nerves.
“On the Shopping Channel, I had no problem talking to a camera,” he says. “You're not realizing you're in thousands of households from coast to coast. There might be 60 people in the (theatre) audience and you're just like ‘Eeeeeee!'
“And this is a small theatre. I keep telling my family and friends, ‘Don't tell me when you're coming. Just let me be surprised.' But once the first night is over with, then you can start having fun.”
Born in Niagara Falls, Nester moved to Toronto 36 years ago to pursue an acting career. He found himself behind the scenes at TVO before stepping in front of the camera on The Shopping Channel. Over the years he crossed paths with Joan Rivers, George Foreman, Suzanne Somers and Richard Simmons while on air.
“I met so many fabulous people,” he says. “It was a great paying job, and I was very well respected. Yes, I worked a lot of weekends - we were only closed one day, Christmas Day. I missed a lot of events, but look what happened. I got to retire early.”
But there was more to his retirement than found in the press release.
“I had a twin brother, and we were very, very close. He was born (in Niagara), and then he moved to Toronto eight years after me. He suddenly passed away while he was on vacation in Rome. It'll be two years in September.
“That was the light bulb that went off and said ‘That's not going to happen to me.'”
Now living in Niagara-on-the-Lake, Nester has plans for more theatre.
“I call it off-Shaw way,” he says. “We're just down the street from the Shaw!”
The Dining Room also stars Elizabeth Unruh, Christopher Haynes, Natalie Iggulden, Xander Warrender, Margarete Overend and Milo Boccinfuso.
jlaw@postmedia.com
National news sources are claiming a feud between rival Minecraft gamers is the reason why 24,000 threatening emails were sent to schools and colleges in the UK.
Hundreds of schools were on alert and some evacuated their buildings, telling parents to collect their children after receiving messages containing what police described as a “bomb hoax”.
Police forces around the country have said there are not believed to be any “viable threats”.
Minecraft is one of the most popular video games on the planet with more than 144 million copies sold across all platforms, making it the second best-selling video game of all time.
The creative and building aspects of Minecraft allow players to build with a variety of different cubes in a 3D procedurally generated world. Other activities in the game include exploration, resource gathering, crafting, and combat.
Following the widespread reports of bomb hoaxes across the country, Sky News is reporting that the emails were spoofed to look like they had been sent by a gaming network known as VeltPvP.
The malicious emails were designed to result in the domain being suspended for abuse.
VeltPvP is a Minecraft player-versus-player server - a type of server run by businesses that sell items in-game to players.
Those involved in the conflict, which centres around the Velt server operators, claimed their opponents have engaged in illegal activities to harass each other.
For the first time, astronomers have observed a cosmic event in great detail that they only had glimpses of before: a supernova and its explosive ejecta slamming into a nearby companion star. The discovery was made possible by a specialized survey taking advantage of recent advances in linking telescopes across the globe into a robotic network.
David Sand, an assistant professor at the University of Arizona, discovered the supernova on March 10, 2017, in the galaxy NGC 5643. At 55 million light-years, it was one of the closest supernovae discovered in recent years. Designated SN 2017cbv, it was found by the DLT40 survey, which stands for "Distance Less Than 40 Megaparsecs" or 120 million light-years. The survey uses the PROMPT telescope in Chile, which monitors roughly 500 galaxies nightly.
"This was one of the earliest catches ever -- within a day, perhaps even hours, of its explosion," said Sand, who created the DLT40 survey together with Stefano Valenti, an assistant professor at the University of California, Davis. Both were previously postdoctoral researchers at Las Cumbres Observatory, or LCO.
Dead Stars Go Thermonuclear
Within minutes of discovery, Sand activated observations with LCO's global network of 18 robotic telescopes. They are spaced around the globe so that there is always one on the night side of the Earth, ready to conduct astronomical observations. This allowed the team to take immediate and near-continuous observations.
SN 2017cbv is a thermonuclear (Type Ia) supernova, the kind astronomers used to measure the acceleration of the expansion of the universe. Type Ia supernovae are known to be the explosions of white dwarfs, the dead cores of what used to be normal stars.
Across the cosmic abyss, a supernova tells of its existence by appearing like a star that wasn't there before. Its brightness peaks within a matter of days to weeks and then slowly fades over weeks or months.
"To turn into a Type Ia supernova, a white dwarf can't be by itself," explained Sand, the principal investigator of the DLT40 survey. "It has to have some kind of companion, and we are trying to figure out what that companion is."
The identity of this companion has been hotly debated for more than 50 years.
The prevailing theory over the last few years is that the supernovae happen when two white dwarfs spiral in toward each other and merge in a cataclysmic explosion. The other scenario involves a normal star that is not a white dwarf.
Key to the observations reported in this study is a small bump in the light curve emitted by SN 2017cbv within the first three to four days, a feature that would have been missed were it not for the almost instantaneous reaction times that are the hallmark of the DLT40 survey: a fleeting blue glow from the interaction at an unprecedented level of detail, revealing the surprising identity of the mysterious companion star.
"We think what happened here was likely scenario number two," Sand said. "The bump in the light curve could be caused by material from the exploding white dwarf as it slams into the companion star."
This study infers that the white dwarf was stealing matter from a much larger companion star, approximately 20 times the radius of the sun. This caused the white dwarf to explode, and the collision of the supernova with the companion star shocked the supernova material, heating it to a blue glow that was heavy in ultraviolet light. Such a shock could not have been produced if the companion were another white dwarf star, the study's authors say.
"We've been looking for this effect -- a supernova crashing into its companion star -- since it was predicted in 2010," said Griffin Hosseinzadeh, a doctoral student at the University of California, Santa Barbara, who led the study, which is soon to be published in The Astrophysical Journal Letters. "Hints have been seen before, but this time the evidence is overwhelming. The data are beautiful!
"With Las Cumbres Observatory's ability to monitor the supernova every few hours, we were able to see the full extent of the rise and fall of the blue glow for the first time," he added. "Conventional telescopes would have had only a data point or two and missed it."
Eighteen telescopes, spread over eight sites around the world, form the heart of the Las Cumbres Observatory. At any given moment, it is nighttime somewhere in the network, which ensures that a supernova can be observed without interruption.
Cosmology's '60-Watt Lightbulb'
Because of their uniform brightness, Type Ia supernovae are akin to a "standard 60-watt lightbulb for cosmology," and scientists use them as yard sticks to measure distances across the universe.
On average, only one supernova goes off over the course of a century in a galaxy like our Milky Way, according to Sand. Add to that their fleeting nature, and it becomes clear why a targeted observational campaign such as the DLT40 survey and an automated network of observatories such as the LCO are critical to their discovery and study. Funded by the National Science Foundation, The DLT40 survey started in October 2016 and is scheduled to continue over the next three years.
"The secret sauce to this are the connected telescopes of the Las Cumbres Observatory," Sand said, adding that the survey is not about quantity. "We rather focus on a precious few than hundreds of them."
It is likely that Type Ia supernovae come from both types of progenitor systems - two white dwarfs or one white dwarf and a "normal" interacting star - and the goal of these studies is to figure out which of the two processes is more common, Sand explained.
"Observing supernovae such as SN 2017cbv is an important step in this direction," he said. "If we get them really young, we can get a better idea of these processes, which hold implications for our understanding of the cosmos, including dark energy."
###
On the 11th day of Christmas my true Love gave to me... Gigi Hadid!
While visions of sugar plums danced in your head, Love magazine revealed the 22-year-old fashion It girl as the latest celebrity in its annual advent calendar. Dressed in crimson athletic separates, Hadid gave us serious Kendall Jenner (day four) vibes, as she punched and kicked her way through a particularly fabulous workout session.
As she poses and flexes with her arms up, it quickly becomes apparent that her fiery red workout gear isn't the only thing Hadid is modeling. Eagle-eyed and not-so-eagle-eyed fans alike were quick to point out that the Victoria's Secret model is also rocking the ultimate girl power accessory: armpit hair. Rawr!
This year marks Hadid's fourth appearance in the iconic British calendar. “I love seeing everyone else's videos. It's celebratory of epic human beings and always pushes boundaries," she said in a statement. “The fashion circle is a family, so the Love Advent kind of feels like a Holiday Year Book in a way. Headmaster Grand style.”
Watch Gigi's full video above.
April 24 (UPI) -- Kym Johnson is a mom to twins.
The 41-year-old Australian dancer announced the birth of her "little angels" with husband and former Dancing with the Stars partner Robert Herjavec in an Instagram post Monday.
Johnson shared a photo of Herjavec holding their twins, but has yet to announce the sex and names.
"I never thought my heart could feel so full. We're so in love with our little angels. Born at 7.44am and 7.45am 4/23/18," she captioned the picture.
Johnson and Herjavec married in July 2016 after meeting on Dancing with the Stars Season 20. Johnson announced her pregnancy in December, and confirmed the same month she was expecting twins.
"We waited so long that we decided to double up!" she told People. "We are very grateful for the blessing of twins."
Herjavec is already parent to three children, Brendan, Skye and Caprice, with his ex-wife. Johnson recently told People the 55-year-old television personality was "so excited" to be a father again.
"He'll be really hands-on and he's going to be great," the star said. "He's going to be such a good dad. He's already talking to them and telling stories."
"I don't know how we're going to juggle the two, but [we're] just going to go with the flow of it," she added. "I'm trying to be prepared, but I think you just have to wait and see."
Islamabad: With seven decades of unending hostility, peaceful coexistence between India and Pakistan "is very obviously a distant prospect", a leading newspaper here said on Tuesday.
The Daily Times said in an editorial that Pakistan and India had not yet learned to live with each other.
"In fact, their bilateral relationship continues to deteriorate with time - as does their ability to cause harm to one another.
"Both countries continue to engage in that most toxic activity: defining oneself against their neighbour.
"Since the powerful hawks in both countries paint the very existence of the other side as an existential threat, and are currently directing the foreign policies of their respective countries, peaceful coexistence is very obviously a distant prospect," it added.
The editorial accused both countries of waging proxy wars against the other.
"Today, it can no longer be said that it is only Pakistan's conflict with its own demons that drives Indo-Pakistan hostility.
"New Delhi now has an administration which is very much committed to becoming the mirror image of some of the worst elements from Pakistan.
"In fact, the current Indian government has proceeded at a breakneck pace both internally and externally, which even Hamid Gul in his wildest dream couldn't have implemented in Pakistan," it added.
By The Associated Press
MOSCOW (AP) — The Latest on Russian President Vladimir Putin's live call-in show (all times local):
12:35 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin says that the U.S. Senate move to tighten sanctions against Moscow is part of efforts to contain Russia.
The Republican-led Senate voted Wednesday to punish Moscow for interfering in the 2016 election by approving a wide-ranging sanctions package that targets key sectors of Russia's economy and individuals who carried out cyberattacks.
Putin, speaking Thursday during a live call-in show televised nationwide, deplored the Senate's move but added that the Western sanctions against Moscow also have hurt the West itself.
He said that the sanctions have given Russia an incentive to shed its dependence on oil and gas exports and “switch on our brains and talents” to develop other industries.
Putin noted that electronics, aerospace industries and agriculture have all received a boost.
___
12:25 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia's economy has overcome a recession.
Putin said during Thursday's live call-in show televised nationwide that the “crisis is over,” pointing at an economic growth over the past nine months. He also pointed at low inflation and rising hard currency reserves.
The Russian economy had plunged into recession under the impact of a drop in global oil prices and Western sanctions imposed on Moscow over its annexation of Ukraine's Crimean Peninsula and support for pro-Russia insurgents in eastern Ukraine.
Putin acknowledged that the Russian economy hasn't yet shed its dependence on exports of raw materials, but noted that non-energy exports have been growing.
SAMARA, Russia - An octopus who successfully predicted all of Japan's World Cup group stage matches has been killed and turned into sashimi, according to local media reports.
The mollusc, named Rabio, chose the winners of Japan's matches during an experiment in a paddling pool.
Despite gaining national attention for its success, however, the fisherman who caught Rabio, Kimio Abe, sent him to market before Japan's third match against Poland.
The giant Pacific octopus had successfully predicted Japan would lose that match but he was unfortunately not around to see his prophecy come true.
Abe added that another octopus will be used to predict future matches at Russia 2018.
"I'm glad all the forecasts turned out correct and Japan moved on to the knockout stage," Abe told the Mainichi Shimbun newspaper before Japan's loss to Belgium in the last 16.
"I hope Rabio's successor will accurately tip the results of all games."
Rabio is not the first oracle octopus to predict World Cup matches.
German invertebrate Paul the octopus correctly predicted six World Cup games in 2010.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Utah Open Lands and its fundraising campaign to preserve Bonanza Flat from development will be the beneficiary of a bike swap Saturday and Sunday at 2nd Tracks Sports, 2927 E. 3300 South, in Millcreek.
Store owner Ben Johnson said all proceeds from the $25-per-bike entrant's fee will go to the nonprofit group's efforts to raise $38 million to buy the 1,350-acre parcel on the Summit County side of the Wasatch Mountain ridgeline.
Accessible from Salt Lake County via Big Cottonwood Canyon and Guardsman's Pass, Bonanza Flat likely would become a 260-unit real estate development with luxury homes if Utah Open Lands cannot raise the money this week.
A total solar eclipse happens somewhere on Earth about once every 18 months. But because Earth's surface is mostly ocean, most eclipses are visible over land for only a short time, if at all. The total solar eclipse of Aug. 21, 2017, is different - its path stretches over land for nearly 90 minutes, giving scientists an unprecedented opportunity to make scientific measurements from the ground.
When the Moon moves in front of the Sun on Aug. 21, it will completely obscure the Sun's bright face. This happens because of a celestial coincidence - though the Sun is about 400 times wider than the Moon, the Moon on Aug. 21 will be about 400 times closer to us, making their apparent size in the sky almost equal. In fact, the Moon will appear slightly larger than the Sun to us, allowing it to totally obscure the Sun for more than two and a half minutes in some locations. If they had the exact same apparent size, the total eclipse would only last for an instant.
The eclipse will reveal the Sun's outer atmosphere, called the corona, which is otherwise too dim to see next to the bright Sun. Though we study the corona from space with instruments called coronagraphs - which create artificial eclipses by using a metal disk to block out the Sun's face - there are still some lower regions of the Sun's atmosphere that are only visible during total solar eclipses. Because of a property of light called diffraction, the disk of a coronagraph must block out both the Sun's surface and a large part of the corona in order to get crisp pictures. But because the Moon is so far away from Earth - about 230,000 miles away during the eclipse - diffraction isn't an issue, and scientists are able to measure the lower corona in fine detail.
NASA is taking advantage of the Aug. 21, 2017, eclipse by funding 11 ground-based science investigations across the United States. Six of these focus on the Sun's corona.
The source of space weather
Our Sun is an active star that constantly releases a flow of charged particles and magnetic fields known as the solar wind. This solar wind, along with discrete burps of solar material known as coronal mass ejections, can influence Earth's magnetic field, send particles raining down into our atmosphere, and - when intense - impact satellites. Though we're able to track these solar eruptions when they leave the Sun, the key to predicting when they'll happen could lie in studying their origins in the magnetic energy stored in the lower corona.
A team led by Philip Judge of the High Altitude Observatory in Boulder, Colorado, will use new instruments to study the magnetic field structure of the corona by imaging this atmospheric layer during the eclipse. The instruments will image the corona to see fingerprints left by the magnetic field in visible and near-infrared wavelengths from a mountaintop near Casper, Wyoming. One instrument, POLARCAM, uses new technology based on the eyes of the mantis shrimp to obtain novel polarization measurements, and will serve as a proof-of-concept for use in future space missions. The research will enhance our understanding of how the Sun generates space weather.
"We want to compare between the infrared data we're capturing and the ultraviolet data recorded by NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory and JAXA/NASA's Hinode satellite," said Judge. "This work will confirm or refute our understanding of how light across the entire spectrum forms in the corona, perhaps helping to resolve some nagging disagreements."
The results from the camera will complement data from an airborne study imaging the corona in the infrared, as well as another ground-based infrared study led by Paul Bryans at the High Altitude Observatory. Bryans and his team will sit inside a trailer atop Casper Mountain in Wyoming, and point a specialized instrument at the eclipse. The instrument is a spectrometer, which collects light from the Sun and separates each wavelength of light, measuring their intensity. This particular spectrometer, called the NCAR Airborne Interferometer, will, for the first time, survey infrared light emitted by the solar corona.
"These studies are complementary. We will have the spectral information, which reveals the component wavelengths of light," said Bryans. "And Philip Judge's team will have the spatial resolution to tell where certain features are coming from."
This novel data will help scientists characterize the corona's complex magnetic field -- crucial information for understanding and eventually helping to forecast space weather events. The scientists will augment their study by analyzing their results alongside corresponding space-based observations from other instruments aboard NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory and the joint NASA/JAXA Hinode.
In Madras, Oregon, a team of NASA scientists led by Nat Gopalswamy at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, will point a new, specialized polarization camera at the Sun's faint outer atmosphere, the corona, taking several-second exposures at four selected wavelengths in just over two minutes. Their images will capture data on the temperature and speed of solar material in the corona. Currently these measurements can only be obtained from Earth-based observations during a total solar eclipse.
To study the corona at times and locations outside a total eclipse, scientists use coronagraphs, which mimic eclipses by using solid disks to block the Sun's face much the way the Moon's shadow does. Typical coronagraphs use a polarizer filter in a mechanism that turns through three angles, one after the other, for each wavelength filter. The new camera is designed to eliminate this clunky, time-consuming process, by incorporating thousands of tiny polarization filters to read light polarized in different directions simultaneously. Testing this instrument is a crucial step toward improving coronagraphs and ultimately, our understanding of the corona -- the very root of the solar radiation that fills up Earth's space environment.
Unexplained coronal heating
The answer to another mystery also lies in the lower corona: It is thought to hold the secrets to a longstanding question of how the solar atmosphere reaches such unexpectedly high temperatures. The Sun's corona is much hotter than its surface, which is counterintuitive, as the Sun's energy is generated by nuclear fusion at its core. Usually temperatures go down consistently as you move away from that heat source, the same way that it gets cooler as you move away from a fire - but not so in the case of the Sun's atmosphere. Scientists suspect that detailed measurements of the way particles move in the lower corona could help them uncover the mechanism that produces this enormous heating.
Padma Yanamandra-Fisher of the Space Science Institute will lead an experiment to take images of the lower corona in polarized light. Polarized light is when all the light waves are oriented the same way, and it is produced when ordinary, unpolarized light passes through a medium - in this case, the electrons of the inner solar corona.
"By measuring the polarized brightness of the inner solar corona and using numerical modeling, we can extract the number of electrons along the line of sight," said Yanamandra-Fisher. "Essentially, we're mapping the distribution of free electrons in the inner solar corona."
Mapping the inner corona in polarized light to reveal the density of elections is a critical factor in modeling coronal waves, one possible source of coronal heating. Along with unpolarized light images collected by the NASA-funded citizen science project called Citizen CATE, which will gather eclipse imagery from across the country, these polarized light measurements could help scientists address the question of the solar corona's unusually high temperatures.
Shadia Habbal of the University of Hawaii's Institute for Astronomy in Honolulu will lead a team of scientists to image the Sun during the total solar eclipse. The eclipse's long path over land allows the team to image the Sun from five sites across four different states, about 600 miles apart, allowing them to track short-term changes in the corona and increasing the odds of good weather.
They will use spectrometers, which analyze the light emitted from different ionized elements in the corona. The scientists will also use unique filters to selectively image the corona in certain colors, which allows them to directly probe into the physics of the Sun's outer atmosphere.
With this data, they can explore the composition and temperature of the corona, and measure the speed of particles flowing out from the Sun. Different colors correspond to different elements -- nickel, iron and argon -- that have lost electrons, or been ionized, in the corona's extreme heat, and each element ionizes at a specific temperature. By analyzing such information together, the scientists hope to better understand the processes that heat the corona.
Amir Caspi of the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder, Colorado, and his team will use two of NASA's WB-57F research jets take observations from twin telescopes mounted on the noses of the planes. They will ­­­­­capture the clearest images of the Sun's outer atmosphere -- the corona -- to date and the first-ever thermal images of Mercury, revealing how temperature varies across the
###
LEE COUNTY, Ala. — An Opelika man is dead after a car crash Tuesday night.
Lee County Coroner Bill Harris says 54-year-old Alton Watson died from injuries he suffered from an accident that occurred in the 4300 block of Alabama Highway 169.
Harris says Watson died at Midtown Medical Center emergency room Wednesday morning at 3:45 after being airlifted. Watson suffered multiple blunt force impact injuries.
According to a release, Watson was a passenger in a car that was traveling north on Alabama Highway 169 when the car left the roadway and overturned, partially ejecting Watson from the vehicle. Watson was also not wearing a seat belt.
Alcohol, speed and drugs are suspected to be a factor in the accident.
The Lee County Coroner's Office and Alabama State Troopers continue their investigation.
Bhopal: Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Saturday expanded his Council of Ministers by inducting three new faces ahead of the assembly polls slated later this year.
BJP legislators Balkrishna Patidar, Narayan Singh Kushwaha and Jalam Singh Patel were inducted as Ministers of State and administered the oath of office by Governor Anandiben Patel at a function in the Raj Bhavan here this morning.
Along with Chouhan, senior ministers of his Cabinet and top officials were present on the occasion.
Patidar, who belongs to the Nimar region, is an MLA from Khargone, while Kushwaha comes from the Gwalior-Chambal region and represents Gwalior South in the assembly. Another inductee Jalam Patel hails from Mahakaushal region. The MLA from Narsinghpur, is the younger brother of BJP MP and former Union minister Prahlad Singh Patel. Another inductee Jalam Patel hails from Mahakaushal region. The MLA from Narsinghpur, is the younger brother of BJP MP and former Union minister Prahlad Singh Patel. The expansion is being seen by some as an attempt by the BJP to balance regional aspirations of the people of the state, where assembly polls are expected by the year-end. The expansion is being seen by some as an attempt by the BJP to balance regional aspirations of the people of the state, where assembly polls are expected by the year-end. The Congress had opposed the expansion of the Council of Ministers in view of enforcement of the model code of conduct in two assembly constituencies -- Mungaoli and Kolaras - where bypolls are scheduled on February 24. The Congress had opposed the expansion of the Council of Ministers in view of enforcement of the model code of conduct in two assembly constituencies -- Mungaoli and Kolaras - where bypolls are scheduled on February 24. The Chouhan government, in its third term, has 20 Cabinet ministers, including the chief minister, and nine Ministers of State. According to constitutional provisions, the state can have a maximum of 35 ministers. The Chouhan government, in its third term, has 20 Cabinet ministers, including the chief minister, and nine Ministers of State. According to constitutional provisions, the state can have a maximum of 35 ministers. The BJP is in power in Madhya Pradesh since 2003. The BJP is in power in Madhya Pradesh since 2003.
NEW DELHI: The wife of the passenger, who allegedly tried to molest a Bollywood actress on board a Delhi-Mumbai Vistara flight, on Monday claimed that her husband was innocent.
She also questioned the teen actress on maintaining silence when the alleged incident happened.
Coming to the defence of her husband, she said, "Somebody had died in her family and her husband was on his way to attend the funeral. He hadn't slept for 24 hours and also asked the crew not to disturb as he wanted to sleep."
Clarifying further, the wife of the arrested middle-aged man said, "His foot was on the armrest, but not with the intention to harass."
"I don't know why she levelled such allegations, maybe there was a misunderstanding. He is a family man and can never do such a thing. We want justice," she maintained.
The wife's clarification comes after the actor alleged she was molested by a co-passenger on board a Delhi-Mumbai flight.
She narrated her ordeal on Instagram via live video.
The actress said she was on an Air Vistara flight from Delhi to Mumbai when a co-passenger sitting behind her put up his feet on her armrest.
"So, I was in a flight travelling from Delhi to Mumbai today and right behind me one middle-aged man who made my two-hour journey miserable. I tried to record it on phone to understand it better because the cabin lights were dimmed, I failed to get it..."
"The lights were dimmed, so it was even worse. It continued for another five to ten minutes and then I was sure of it. He kept nudging my shoulder and continued to move his foot up and down my back and neck," she said in the video post.
In the video, which she recorded immediately after deboarding the flight, she also broke down several times.
"This is not done, I am disturbed... Is this how you're going to take care of girls? This is not the way anybody should be made to feel. This is terrible," she said.
"No one will help us if we don't decide to help ourselves. And this is the worst thing," she added.
Meanwhile, in a statement on Twitter, the airline Vistara said it would look into the complaint, and added that it had "zero tolerance for such behaviour".
04th July 2018,Kolkata,Westy Bengal, India : Just in few days PokerLion turn into the most prominent online poker website in India. The poker gaming site is committed for just Indian Players. What's more, now they have launched the android application for the poker players who love to play poker on their Mobile phone. To play poker on PokerLion through your mobile device, follow these simple steps (if you are already registered with PokerLion, skip to stage 5, under “Playing Poker with PokerLion on Your Mobile”):
Creating An PokerLion Account
1. Open your mobile browser and go to https://www.pokerlion.com
2. Go To the link Download PokerLion APP or follow the Link : http://bit.ly/PokerLionApp
3. Download the App and Install it. Then open the App on your device. If you have already an account then Log In with your email ID and password.
4. If you don't have created yet then click the Sign Up link. Put your email Id, User Name, Password, and create the account. And start Play Poker Online.
Playing Poker With PokerLion At Your Mobile
5. Log In to your account, go to your Dashboard.
6. Go to “Play Poker Now”
7. Choose your preferred tournament, Register to the game.
8. Learn, Play And Earn…Be a Real Poker Lion Only At PokerLion.
PokerLion also introduced some offers to Poker players of India. If you are new to PokerLion then you can grab the opportunity to avail these exciting offers. Some of the offers are:
• Download the APP and get Rupees 500 as welcome Bonus
• Refer a friend and get Rupees 1000 as Referral Bonus
• 50% Deposit Bonus
• Get a Chance to Participate In Match IPL Season-3
And many more…
A 24-year-old man has been reported to the procurator fiscal after he was allegedly found to be in possession of a class B substance.
This happened yesterday (Wednesday, June 14) on Kenilworth Crescent, Bearsden at 4.30pm.
BERLIN (AP) — The head of Germany's domestic intelligence agency warned Sunday that China allegedly is using social networks to try to cultivate lawmakers and other officials as sources.
Hans-Georg Maassen said his agency, known by its German acronym BfV, believes more than 10,000 Germans have been targeted by Chinese intelligence agents posing as consultants, headhunters or researchers, primarily on the social networking site LinkedIn.
“This is a broad-based attempt to infiltrate in particular parliaments, ministries and government agencies,” Maassen said.
In addition, Chinese hackers increasingly are launching attacks on European companies through trusted suppliers, he alleged.
The BfV established a task force early this year which examined the use of fake profiles on social networks over nine months. The agency provided journalists with what it said were eight of the most prolific fake profiles on LinkedIn used by alleged Chinese spies.
Using names such as Lily Wu, Laeticia Chen or Alex Li, the profiles sport impressive resumes, hundreds of contacts and attractive pictures of young professionals.
The agency also named six organizations it alleged Chinese spies use to cloak their approaches, including one called the Association France Euro-Chine and another named Global View Strategic Consulting.
Messages seeking comment from the organizations weren't immediately returned.
Maassen warned that Chinese cybergroups also were using so-called “supply-chain attacks” to get around companies' online defenses.
Such attacks target IT workers and others who work for trusted service providers to send malicious software into the networks of organizations the attackers are interested in.
“The infections are difficult to detect, since network connections between service providers and their customers aren't suspicious,” the BfV said. “This gives the attacker an even better disguise than before.”
___
Frank Jordans contributed to this report.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Before Ferrari was able to unleash a proper 288 GTO Group B racer, competing against the likes of the Audi Sport Quattro, BMW M1, Porsche 959, and others, the racing series was dissolved, spanning just four years from 1982 to 1986. Nonetheless, one designer is still dreaming of a hardcore, Group B racer based on the 288.
Artist Zoki Nanco has digitally imagined a mean-looking 288 GTO racer, complete with wings, louvers, and diffusers aplenty. He calls it the 288 GTO R, the 'R' undoubtedly stands for race. The concept is a bit less dramatic than the 288 Evoluzione that debuted in 1987, but still presents a number of aggressive cues either way.
Apart from the orange exterior, the concept wears a strutted front splitter, matching side skirts, and a massive diffuser. An equally daunting wing out back assures aerodynamic properties while on the track, and a set of HRE Wheels come wrapped on Yokohama rubber. Ignore its "stanced" persona, and the concept would undoubtedly make for a unique Group B addition.
We can only hazard a guess as to how much power would be found under the hood. The 288 GTO came standard with a 2.9-liter biturbo V8 good for as much as 395 horsepower (294 kilowatts) and 366 pound-feet (496 Newton-meters) of torque. The more powerful Evoluzione version delivers 650 horsepower (484 kilowatts) and was capable of reaching a top speed of 225 miles per hour (362 kilometers per hour). The conceptualized R version, we'd guess, would be somewhere closer to 500 hp (372 kW).
Sadly, the 288 GTO R will live on as just a rendering. Those eager in bringing the concept to life could hypothetically buy a base GTO and convert it to the concept seen here, but it would take some seriously deep pockets to do so. For what it's worth, we'd love to see it happen.
Source: Zoki Nanco / Behance via Carscoops
The Associated Press reports on a 3rd Circuit decision involving a movie theater:
Federal disability law requires movie theaters to provide specialized interpreters to patrons who are deaf and blind, an appeals court said Friday. The Philadelphia-based 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled against Cinemark, the nation's third-largest movie chain, in a case involving a Pennsylvania man who wanted to see the 2014 movie “Gone Girl” and asked a Cinemark theater in Pittsburgh to supply a “tactile interpreter.” The theater denied his request.
Why would a person who is blind and deaf want to attend a movie?
The plaintiff, Paul McGann, is a movie enthusiast who reads American Sign Language through touch. He uses a method of tactile interpretation that involves placing his hands over the hands of an interpreter who uses sign language to describe the movie's action, dialogue and even the audience response.
Interesting. But who pays for the tactile interpreter? Or interpreters?
The federal appeals court concluded Friday that tactile interpreters are covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act, which requires that public accommodations furnish “auxiliary aids and services” to patrons with vision, hearing and speech disabilities. “It would be impossible for a deaf-blind person to experience the movie and understand the content without the provision of tactile interpretation,” said Carol A. Horowitz, managing attorney of Disability Rights Pennsylvania, which filed suit on McGann's behalf.
I think it is impossible for a deaf and blind person to “experience the movie” even with “tactile interpretation.”
Because of the intensive nature of the work, McGann requires the services of two interpreters. The interpreters cost a few hundred dollars per showing.
So Cinemark is required to furnish two interpreters–one for each hand, I take it–at a cost of “a few hundred dollars” apiece, in exchange for this individual's $15 ticket?
Perhaps not:
The ruling said Cinemark still can argue that providing the interpreters would present an “undue burden,” an exception to the disability law that takes into account the cost of the accommodation and the business's ability to pay for it. It sent the case back to a federal judge to consider that argument.
It seems obvious that paying hundreds of dollars for a single person to attend a movie is an undue burden. But this is not an area of the law in which I am an expert, and perhaps Cinemark's “ability to pay for it” will tilt the needle the other way.
The broader point is that this is insane. Our indiscriminate provision of “rights” never before heard of to groups that are often vanishingly small–Cinemark says this is the first time it has had a request to furnish a “tactile interpreter;” I doubt that any such interpreters would even be available in most locations where there are Cinemark theaters–has made an expensive joke out of our legal system. We may be a society that is too stupid to survive.
REVIEW THE ANTIQUES, by Kris D'Agostino. Scribner, 289 pp., $26.
Spend a week with the Westfalls, the feisty clan at the center of Kris D'Agostino's second novel, “The Antiques,” and you may feel better about your own family. Thanks to the author's ink-black sense of humor, these messed-up characters are also very funny.
As the week begins, father George is in his study, pondering the news that his cancer has metastasized and he may have only months to live. He gazes at a painting of two suited figures, viewed from the back, floating in a perfect blue sky with puffy clouds. It's a so-called “lesser Magritte” he has owned for decades, last appraised at half a million dollars. He has left instructions for his family to sell it and split the profits.
George's bleak prognosis is not the only cloud on the horizon. There is an actual killer storm making its way up the East Coast, scheduled to hit their town in upstate New York that night. Meanwhile, Shadow, the family's 18-year-old border collie, is vomiting blood. As George's wife, Ana, supervises storm preparations at the family's antiques store, she is in despair. “When George and the dog were gone, what would she have? Nothing. No one.” Then she corrects herself — after all, one of her three adult children lives at home in her basement.
By the next morning, the town is flooded, George & Ana Westfall Antiques is a pile of broken glass and splinters, and George is dead. The dog, however, hangs on.
The oldest and most apparently successful Westfall sibling, Josef, has been ignoring his father's voicemail messages and his mother's texts for days, too busy making sleazy business deals and trolling “casual encounters” on Craiglist. With New York City blacked out by the storm, Josef crosses the Williamsburg Bridge on foot to see his young mistress. He might have continued to ignore the phone had the girl not begged him: “Can you answer this please? Your mother has called, like, eighty times.”
Clearly Josef's ex-wife made an excellent decision when she threw him out. As the older of their two daughters puts it, “I hate this family.”
The middle sibling, Charlie, who lives on the West Coast, also receives word of her father's death at an inopportune time. The Hollywood starlet she works for has just overdosed on pills (this is a regular thing) and her 5-year-old son has gotten expelled from school for putting a classmate in the hospital (also per usual). And there are not enough psychotropic medications in the world to make her husband, an obnoxious older Frenchman who is cheating on her, bearable.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
So maybe the timing of her father's death is more opportune than it seems. At least she gets to leave town.
The youngest Westfall, Armie, is quite a sad sack. After a brief, disastrous business career, he ended up back home, doing woodworking projects in the basement and mooning over Shadow's dog walker, a girl he's been infatuated with since high school. He goes to Mass with his mother just to give some structure to his empty days.
Once the siblings are assembled and the memorial service scheduled for the coming weekend, additional players flood the scene, including Josef's ex and her new boyfriend, Charlie's crazy starlet and awful husband, Armie's dog walker and her mother, and more. D'Agostino's specialty is rapid-fire banter, with conversational free-for-alls providing as many laughs as the increasing absurdity of the situation. Will they sell the painting? Will Armie finish his memorial table? Will Josef's daughters get an autograph from their Hollywood idol?
Nothing works out, and it all works out — just as it should in a novel like this.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y. (NEWS10) – The Saratoga County Sheriff's Department arrested a current fifth-grade teacher at the Dorothy Nolan Elementary School after they say she had a sexual relationship with an underage child.
Elizabeth Barthelmas, 48, of Wilton, is accused of having the relationship with the child, who was under the age of 13, in 2007 and 2008. The child had been a student in Barthelmas' classroom prior to the inappropriate relationship starting.
Police say all of the crimes are believed to have occurred at Barthlemas' home on Plum Court in Wilton.
Barthelmas was arrested Wednesday and charged with first-degree rape, sexual conduct against a child, and first-degree criminal sexual act.
She was arraigned and remanded to Saratoga County Jail in lieu of $50,000 cash or $100,000 bond.
Barthelmas was hired by Saratoga Springs Schools in 2005. Prior to that, police say she was a teacher in the Queensbury Union Free School District.
The investigation is ongoing.
Hot and bothered. As of yesterday, Be Forward Wanderers were still waiting for their Japanese sponsors' final word as regards their participation in the CAF Champions League.
The Nomads general secretary (GS) Mike Butao said following negotiations they had with Be Forward Japan on Thursday, the company's management was meeting yesterday to determine the way forward.
“All I can say is that we are waiting for their response, but the team has resumed training this morning [yesterday],” he said.
According to the correspondence between the Nomads and their sponsor, which Weekend Nation has seen, Be Forward wired $72 800 [about K53.4 million] on January 28 for their preliminary round engagements against Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) outfit AS Vita.
“We have wired a total of $72 800 for the CAF matches, from that $20 000 [about K14.7 million] should be given to FAM [Football Association of Malawi] as refundable deposit [surety],” reads part of a post from a Be Forward official identified as Rotura Mae in a WhatsApp group conversation.
But Be Forward reversed the transaction a day a later after learning about the players' sit-in, a development that led the Nomads, through their GS, to ask FAM to notify the Confederation of African Football (CAF) on their intention to pull out from the continental showpiece.
Part of the e-mail from the Nomads to FAM, reads: “We are sorry, but circumstances have forced us to withdraw from the 2018 CAF Champions League. Please advise CAF of this withdrawal.
“We regret the inconvenience this will cause. Please advise us on the penalty associated with such withdrawal.”
FAM acting competitions manager Casper Jangale yesterday said the Nomads have until noon today to come up with a decision.
He said in the event that they withdraw, they will be required to pay $5 000 (about K3.7 million) and they will be banned from taking part in CAF tournaments for two years.
“There are also other penalties that are determined by the CAF disciplinary body which take into consideration things like the money their prospective opponents spent on preparations,” said Jangale.
Efforts to talk to Be Forward officials in Japan yesterday proved futile, but a well-placed source told our sister newspaper The Nation of Thursday February 1 that the sponsor demanded justification for the team's participation in the CAF tournament when there appears to be lack of seriousness and commitment towards their preparations.
“The sponsor was bitter that between January 9 and 29, the players have staged three sit-ins, demanding their dues,” said the source.
But Butao played down the issue, saying the internal issues they had had since been addressed.
“The players have been given their Super League prize money share and we do not owe them a penny,” he said.
The Nomads GS also clarified that at no point did the club want to divert the prize money towards the CAF competition, saying: “We were just waiting for the cheque to mature, that's all.”
“We had a fruitful meeting with the players which lasted about six hours yesterday [Thursday]. So, let us not focus on that because the sponsor is also not happy with negative media reports,” he said.
Soccer analyst George Kaudza-Masina described the players' conduct as unprofessional.
“As sponsors, surely Be Forward wouldn't want their brand to be associated with such kind of conduct. Records show that Wanderers is one of the best sponsored teams in the land with their wage bill estimated to be in the excess of K12 million. Now, what else do they want?
“These frequent boycotts won't do any good to the team and it won't be surprising if the sponsor decides to pull out altogether and this would have far-reaching effects on the team and the players themselves.
“Let no player be seen to be bigger than the team. It is high time these players were made to sign a code of conduct. As for the management of the team, it's also high time they stamped their authority and show that they are in control of things,” he said.
But team captain Joseph Kamwendo on Wednesday said: “It was not necessarily a sit-in. We were just following up on our prize money share and we called for the GS to explain when we would get the money.”
The post Nomads wait for sponsors' response, players irk Be Forward appeared first on The Nation Online.
Source link
Sheriff Mike Ezell says he feels early education is needed to reduce the prison population.
“I guess I've gotten to know my way around here,” said photographer Landon Nordeman while pulling back a curtain to reveal a secret shortcut at the Colony Hotel in Palm Beach, Fla., where he's an artist-in-resident through its collaboration with Voltz Clarke Gallery in New York.
En route from the kitschy cabaret to a makeshift gallery, home to his exhibition opening on March 29, he passed sunbathing spring breakers and spotted Jane Seymour on the terrace. The historic pink property's new owners, Andrew and Sarah Wetenhall, commissioned him to capture the iconic island in a series of new works titled “Personalities of Palm Beach.” Despite all his globetrotting for The New York Times, Saveur and Afar, Nordeman was oddly a Palm Beach neophyte. A quick study, he immediately fell for its charms.
“I was in love as soon as I walked in the door. Palm Beach is very much a place that wears its personality on its sleeve,” said Nordeman of the visual feast of repetitive color and pattern. “These are all the same ingredients in my work.”
Like most guests, he hit the Polo lounge his first night. The camera had barely warmed up when a blonde walked in wearing a dress in the same banana leaf print as the hallway's Brazilliance wallpaper. He snapped the shot, calling the happenstance “a gift.” A regular at its silver fox-friendly Motown and jazz nights, she was game to invite him back to her place for further research. The visit produced another nugget that epitomizes Florida — hot pink and turquoise stilettos strewn across a white tile floor. He also befriended a glamorous French tutor who took him in her time machine to a white bedroom with Marilyn Monroe memorabilia and a crystal chandelier. Polo's colorful patrons proved fruitful, indeed.
“Getting old's a party there. It's like a high school dance with a lot of flirting minus the B.S. because there isn't time for it,” said Nordeman, who captured an innocent threesome on the dance floor for a confusing closeup. “I chose the image because of the third person's hand. There's an element of ‘What's going on here?' I love the diamond bracelet, too. It gives you a clue to the sort of crowd.”
There's enough material from that place alone to fill a book, yet he managed to leave the premises to mine Worth Avenue and the International Polo Club's Champagne-soaked Sunday brunch in nearby Wellington. Fifteen to 20 images will make the cut to be sold in editions of seven and hopefully inspire a different view of Palm Beach. His curious eye for the overlooked and unusual presents the more raw underbelly of the locale's glossy shell famously documented by Slim Aarons and Harry Benson.
“My goal wasn't to show the Palm Beach but my experience of Palm Beach,” he said.
London: An Indian-origin UK man on trial for killing his ex-wife and then stuffing her body into a suitcase was today sentenced to a minimum of 18 years in jail for murder.
Ashwin Daudia had denied the murder charge, claiming he lost his temper during an argument with Kiran Daudia at their home in Leicester last January and did not attack her deliberately. But the jury did not accept his version of events and found him guilty of killing the 46-year-old call centre worker.
The 51-year-old accused was caught on CCTV dragging his ex-wife's body in a suitcase before dumping it in an alleyway. "I was angry, I lost control," he told the Leicester Crown Court, adding that Kiran Daudia had initially assaulted him and to silence her he put his hand over her mouth and then forcefully squeezed her neck.
He admitted he then lied to his two sons, relatives, and the police by falsely claiming his ex-wife did not return home from a morning shift at a call centre and hid the body in the suitcase to prevent his younger son from seeing it.
The couple, who had an arranged marriage in India in 1988, were divorced in 2014 but had continued living separate lives under the same roof.
The factory worker husband was to move out of the family home on January 16, 2017, when the attack occurred, the Leicester Mercury reported.
Kiran's body was discovered in the suitcase by police the next day.
Her sister had bought the couple's family home in Leicester to enable the victim to continue living there without her ex-husband after the divorce.
Their two sons chose to "side" with their mother and had relatively little to do with their father.
During the two-week murder trial which concluded on Friday, Ashwin Daudia claimed he lost his temper when his ex-wife shouted at him because he had not packed his bags or moved out.
He claimed she swore at him and told him to go and die in India.
He denied the prosecution's suggestion that he had waited for his ex-wife to return home from work to deliberately kill her.
"I didn't do it deliberately, at that time my mind wasn't working," he told the court.
The prosecution claimed that Daudia, who followed the court proceedings through a Gujarati interpreter, had continued to lie about the circumstances surrounding the killing and had committed the murder after growing increasingly resentful of his ex-wife, who had joined a dating agency to meet other men.
To understand venture capital and how it affects start-up businesses in Baltimore, you might want to try a baseball metaphor.
It takes anywhere from $1 million to $5 million in seed money to get started. And that's just hitting singles and doubles. A start-up that wants to knock a grand slam out of the park needs a lot more than that, $10 million or more. And for that, local businesses have to turn to out of state investors.
A Johns Hopkins University report released last week found that almost 70 percent of venture capital investments for start-ups in Baltimore are coming from outside of Maryland.
Nearly 70 percent of venture capital comes from outside of MD
As Orioles' TV announcer Gary Thorne once put it, "Baltimore is a small city with a major league team."
And that's causing businesses to go where the money is.
"It's difficult," says Ben Seigel, the executive director of Johns Hopkins 21st Century Cities Initiative, and one of the report's authors.
"It's difficult to get the large, early or later stages investment from investors in Baltimore city or even Maryland. The concern is if we are so reliant on outside investors to help companies hit that grand slam, are we then going to lose those companies?"
In May of last year Graybug Vision, a spin-off from Johns Hopkins' Wilmer Eye Institute, received $44.5 million from a California-based venture capital firm and left.
That's because "investors like to sleep in their own beds" says Seigel. They don't want to have to travel coast to keep track of their investments.
But some start-ups stay in Baltimore, regardless of where they get their money. Why?
Luke Cooper, founder and CEO of Fixt, an on-demand mobile support company, and a long-time resident of Baltimore, started his business in 2014 at a 12-week accelerator program in Boulder, Colo.
"I had always envisioned coming back to Baltimore, but it was quite difficult," says Cooper. "Because the offers between Colorado, New Orleans, California, and other places to continue growing the company were pretty strong."
But Baltimore, he says, "has a unique advantage just given its geography and given its ethnic and diverse makeup," he explains. "Most cities don't have that."
Robert Lord, co-founder and CEO of Protenus, a medical data cybersecurity company, agrees.
"Fundamentally, Nick and I have always valued the Baltimore community," says Lord.
Lord and his co-founder, Nick Culbertson, were med students at Johns Hopkins Medical School when they started their company in 2014. He says they see top tier institutions like their alma mater and the University of Maryland as "the pinnacle of healthcare as well as this community engagement that we want to be a part of."
Mid and upper level talent for medical technology start-ups is plentiful in Baltimore, says Sebastian Seiguer, founder and CEO of emocha, a mobile video technology firm aimed at making sure patients take their medication.
"You have some of the best minds in healthcare in this city," says Seiguer. "So it makes sense if you are going to run a health IT company or start a health IT company to be based here."
Regardless of the type of start-up, CEOs are interested in the talent pool that institutions supply, says Anders Jones, founder and CEO of Facet Wealth, a financial technology start-up.
"We're in Fin Tech so we need a mix of good technologists and people with experience in financial services," he says. "Baltimore is like the perfect place for that."
Jones spent years in Silicon Valley and says its market is saturated with start-ups, which isn't good for real innovation.
"Then you come to a place like Baltimore where you have a place like Johns Hopkins that filed 500 patents last year. There aren't that many organizations in Silicon Valley that are doing that," says Jones.
Ben Seigel, from Johns Hopkins, says he has a few recommendations in order for Baltimore to be more appealing to venture capitalists .
"Just from an information aligning stand point we can create a better 'Match.com'-system here in this city by connecting business that are growing with investors that are looking to make investments," he says.
While many of the start-up CEOs have found a supportive community and culture to start their businesses in Baltimore, they also agree with Seigel's recommendation. Many small businesses would like to see local and state leaders create a more visible platform for start-ups to succeed and draw in venture capitalists.
Seigel also says that rather than the state providing direct loans or investments to banks or investment firms, they can provide guarantees to banks and investors, which gives them incentives "to make higher risk loans than maybe they typically would."
Thus, helping Baltimore to maybe--just maybe--become the next east coast Silicon Valley.
HP's Spectre x360 13 is one of our favorite laptops. It takes the best parts of a good convertible—a light build and well-designed frame—and combines them with the necessities of a laptop—good battery life, strong performance, and a solid selection of ports. Now HP hopes to build on the success of the 13-inch Spectre x360 by expanding it. Literally.
The new, $1,279 15-inch Spectre x360 banks on consumers embracing a large two-in-one laptop. While the 13-inch size is typical for devices that flip from laptop to tablet to tents and more, 15-inch versions are not so common. Most 15-inch laptops are traditional L-shaped computers that place a keyboard in front of you while sitting on your lap, but they often take advantage of the extra space to improve performance with dedicated GPUs and quad-core processors. HP took as many of the strengths of the 13-inch Spectre x360 as it could and crammed them into the 15-inch model. But even those can't change the fact that a 15-inch convertible is something you'll need to get used to.
Look and feel
Specs at a glance: HP Spectre x360 15 (as reviewed) Screen 15.6-inch 3840×2160 (282 PPI) IPS OS Windows 10 Home, 64-bit CPU Intel Core i7-7500U RAM 16GB DDR4 SDRAM HDD 256GB SSD PCIe GPU Nvidia GeForce 940MX Networking 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.2 Ports Two USB Type-C ports (one Thunderbolt 3-capable), HDMI port, USB 3.0, SD card reader Size 14.0 x 9.88 x 0.7 inches Weight 4.42 pounds Battery 6-cell 79Whr Warranty 1 year Starting price $1,279 Price as reviewed $1,499 Other perks included active pen, Windows Hello IR camera
HP's larger convertible combines the flair of its Spectre 13 laptop with the general design of its 13-inch Spectre x360. The x360's aluminum chassis is accented by carefully-placed strips of faded bronze in places like its hinges and the minuscule rim encasing the trackpad. Unlike its 13-inch counterpart, this convertible has the Bang and Olufsen speaker grills on either side of the keyboard, instead of cramming them in the space between the keys and the hinges. The keyboard deck has enough space for your hands to rest and move while you type.
That space comes from the area needed to accommodate the user-friendly, 15-inch 3840×2160 (282 PPI) display. HP made a point to explain that it shrunk the side bezels to 4.85mm. That's down from the 13-inch Spectre x360's 5.45mm and smaller than the 5.2mm bezels on the Dell XPS 13. Due to its larger design, that's really the only thing HP could shrink: to account for the display and the additional battery in the 15-inch Spectre x360, the device measures 14.0 x 9.88 x 0.7 inches (about .3 inches thicker than the 13-inch model) and weighs 4.42 pounds.
While the increases are understandable, the weight is what you'll notice the most. Lifting the Spectre x360 15 feels like you're lifting a laptop made before the "lighter is better" trend took off. You'll certainly find regular and gaming laptops that are heftier, but lifting and contorting such a heavy device feels problematic. I had to get used to flipping the lid back 180 degrees on a larger device than I'm used to, and there were plenty of times I nearly dropped the convertible because my movements were too fast for its heftiness. The x360 is like trying to lift a 50-pound weight with the same speed and confidence you need to lift a 20-pound weight—you immediately notice it's not the same thing, and you need to adjust how you treat it.
While the Spectre x360 15 doesn't support a fingerprint sensor, it does have an IR webcam that's compatible with Windows Hello. You may not be able to use your fingerprint to unlock the device, but at least the machine can recognize your face and discretely wake the laptop. Unlike Dell's XPS 13, the Spectre x360 15 has its webcam at the top of the display panel. This ensures that your buddies and coworkers will see your face when you video chat with them, rather than your chest or the interior of your nostrils. The left side of the convertible houses a USB 3.0 port, a headphone jack, and the power button, while the right side holds two USB Type-C ports (one of which is Thunderbolt 3-ready) and an HDMI port. HP includes a number of adapters in the box (USB C to Ethernet, VGA, and regular USB). You should have everything you need to create a full work setup just by using the tools provided.
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Keyboard, trackpad, and active pen
I love nearly everything about the Spectre x360 15's keyboard. The keys are a hair smaller than those on my MacBook Air, but they're neither too small nor too big, and they allow me to type at my normal pace. Like the 13-inch mode, this convertible has an extra row of keys on the far-right side that let me access home/page up/page down/end features without Fn-key combinations. While these are useful, one feature got on my nerves. The Home key sits next to the Backspace key, and I often hit it instead of deleting misspellings I was trying to fix. In WordPress or a text document, hitting the Home key brought my cursor to the front of the line I was typing. Many times, my corrections ended up misspelling words at the beginnings of my sentences instead of where I intended them to go.
The trackpad is super wide, measuring 5.5 x 2.74 inches, or about half the length of the key area. Its glass surface lets your finger move smoothly across its surface area, and it's pleasant to use. Sadly, it's not a Microsoft Precision Touchpad, which means it won't automatically support new Windows 10 trackpad gestures as they're added in future releases. While its wideness is useful in theory, I still found myself mostly using the middle portion of the trackpad rather than taking advantage of its full width.
The included N-Trig active pen will be useful for artists and note-takers alike. The pen is Windows Ink compatible, and it lets you write quick Sticky-Notes and draw sketches on a whim using Microsoft's software. But a suit of third-party apps are pen-ready as well. An active digitizer underneath the display and the tip on the active pen both support the standard 2,048 degrees of pressure sensitivity. It feels OK to use, but its performance is far from exceptional—after using the stylus on the Samsung Chromebook Pro, I wasn't used to the extra second or two of latency with this pen. It also needs a AAA battery for power, so you'll need to worry about keeping a spare battery around. I wish HP had found a place in or on the Spectre x360 15 to house the pen—it's neither magnetic nor does it have an attachable holster or elastic band to keep it from getting lost.
The pen does have another convenient feature, though. It has two customizable buttons near the tip that lay flush with the surface of the pen. Using HP's Pen Control desktop app, you can change the function of each button to be nearly anything you want. By default, the top button right-clicks on the screen, while the bottom turns the pen's input into an eraser. Each button has over 20 options, ranging from the simple Undo function to switching between apps, launching the task manager, and disabling the pen completely.
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Listing image by Valentina Palladino
District approves LGBTQ+ degree, spurs talks
Filed under Campus Beat
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Email This Story
Send Email Cancel
Beginning next semester, Contra Costa College sister school Los Medanos College, located in Pittsburg, will be the first campus in the district to offer its students an associate of arts/transfer degree (AAT) in social justice with an emphasis in lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender studies.
Unlike a traditional associate of arts degree, the AAT degree guarantees a student who completes the requirements enrollment at certain CSUs that offer a degree in their field of study.
LMC English and LGBT studies professor Jeffrey Matthews is also spearheading the development of integrating LGBTQ issues into social justice studies.
He said, “The AAT degree emphasizes many social justice issues, but the program would start with LGBTQ studies first, followed by African-American and Chicano studies.”
Matthews said he started working on this years ago and, with the help of faculty, decided to go ahead and create the curriculum for a social justice degree with areas of emphasis in the struggles of minorities.
“Everything mushroomed and grew out of my initial design to create LGBTQ courses,” he said. “It's been a long process that we had to figure out as we went along.”
A traditional AA degree in social justice, which Contra Costa College offers, does not guarantee acceptance to a CSU but does provide a general education elective course outside a student's field of study.
The LGBTQ transfer degree will follow a more focused educational plan, which was approved by the state, with courses specialized to the social justice field.
Matthews said there are three cores overview courses, which include interdisciplinary courses for a social justice degree.
“Students who major in LGBTQ studies would take courses along the lines of LGBTQ literature, and studies like gender studies, history of sexuality and social justice,” he said. “Not a lot of community colleges are offering this type of degree and study.”
Matthews said faculty members at LMC are also working on creating a social justice degree with an emphasis in Asian-American studies.
“But that is a little more behind than the other areas,” he said. “These things grow out of faculty interest.”
Faculty and staff throughout the district, Diablo Valley College in Pleasant Hill, CCC and LMC, have the power to create programs with a specialized focus.
But the curriculum must meet student learning outcome benchmarks and be approved by the California Community College Chancellor's Office and the district Governing Board.
Governing Board Trustee Gary Walker-Roberts said the board approved the curriculum for the LGBTQ social justice degree to be offered at LMC on Dec. 14 at Governing Board meeting.
“It will interest a new audience of high school students to go to LMC,” Walker-Roberts said,
At CCC, the discussions about establishing a social justice degree in fields of study like LGBTQ studies has yet to develop a leader.
During the Associated Student Union meeting on Feb. 8, Student Life Coordinator Joel Nickelson-Shanks asked CCC President Mojdeh Mehdizadeh and district Chancellor Fred Wood if a LGBTQ AA transfer degree could be offered at CCC.
Mehdizadeh said while it is possible, the initiative to create a program begins with students and faculty.
“Our faculty manage the course and program offerings here at CCC,” she said to a ASU Board of 12 members. “I can't say that we have a faculty leader that is ready to develop the program of study today.”
She said CCC is a college that is open to look for opportunities that serve its community and she said, just the focus we have with the Alphabet+ club, and the conversations we've been having.
“Ensuring we are not only supporting our LGBTQ community but also educating our entire community, is something that is in alignment with the college's strategic plan and mission,” Mehdizadeh said.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Johannesburg - Four drivers have been shot dead in a taxi war between Johannesburg Southern Suburbs Taxi Association and Bara City Taxi Owners Association.
On Tuesday, Freedom Park residents in Eldorado Park were left stranded after two associations decided to stop operations after the death of their drivers on Monday. Some residents walked all the way to Golden Highway to look for taxis to go to work.
According to a witness, the taxi violence started on Sunday (15th April) when a JSSTA driver was blocked by the BCTOA drivers in Booysens over a route in the area. It is alleged that the BCTOA wants to take over the route and prevent the Eldorado based association.
Speaking to The Star, JSSTA HOD Training Officer, Garwin Doll confirmed that their drivers were killed on Monday evening.
Doll said the recent killings between the taxi associations were sparked by the shooting of their driver last week Sunday.
“One of our drivers was shot and killed last week. There was a squabble between our driver and the driver from the Bara City Taxi Owners Association,” said Doll.
The boss of the deceased Lesotho national was notified by the association and a special meeting was called by both associations.
According to Doll, the meeting was held on April 16 and it was ‘fruitful'.
After the meeting, it was expected that there would be peace on the roads until on Monday evening when another driver was gunned down at Freedom Park.
While police and members of the association were on the scene, a few meters away another driver from JSSTA was shot and he died on the scene. The drivers are believed to originate from Giyane, Limpopo.
BCTOA Secretary General, Themba Mbhense confirmed to The Star that their drivers had been killed.
Eldorado Park Police Station Captain Philemon Khorommbi said they are still investigating the cases. He refused to speculate or give details.
@SthembisoMedia
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
1:03 Oversized coats are winter's ultimate wrap star
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
We spend so much money…..
Q: When you buy THIS you pay a 900% markup. What is it?
A: Movie theatre popcorn!!
BERLIN (AP) — Nils Petersen scored with two late penalties — one in the 90th minute and another in injury time — as Freiburg came from three goals down to beat Cologne 4-3 in the Bundesliga on Sunday.
“We were patient to the end. Football writes such stories,” said Petersen, who also scored in the first half to start Freiburg's comeback. “It's bitter for Cologne. I'm sorry for the club, too.”
Petersen's hat trick denied Cologne what would have been its first league win of the season at the 15th attempt, one week after Cologne fired Peter Stoeger as coach.
“It can't get any worse,” Cologne defender Dominique Heintz said.
Stoeger was presented by Borussia Dortmund as its new coach earlier Sunday, after Dortmund responded to its league slump by firing Peter Bosz.
Kickoff in Cologne was delayed by a half-hour due to a snowstorm that continued as the game got underway.
The hosts raced into a three-goal lead. Lukas Kluenter opened the scoring in the eighth minute and Sehrou Guirassy added a second from the penalty spot before American midfielder Caleb Stanko's own-goal.
In a 30-minute span, Cologne scored half as many goals as it had in the previous 14 league games.
But Petersen pulled one back with a fine volley in the 39th, and Freiburg's Janik Haberer ensured a nervy finale when he scored midway through the second half after a period of prolonged pressure from the visitors.
Cologne goalkeeper Timo Horn made a brilliant save and was called into action again and again before his overwhelmed side gave away two penalties. Petersen converted them both to complete an unlikely comeback.
“Everything is going against us,” Cologne's interim coach Stefan Ruthenbeck said.
Cologne, bottom of the Bundesliga with just three points from 15 games, faces a seemingly hopeless task to avoid relegation after making the worst ever start in the league since its formation in 1963.
Freiburg remained in the relegation playoff place, some 12 points above last-place Cologne.
___
HERTHA'S LUCKY PUNCH
Salomon Kalou struck in injury time to salvage a 1-1 draw for Hertha Berlin at Augsburg, which dominated the game and looked to have earned the win through Caiuby's goal with a quarter-hour remaining.
“Football is like that, when the opponent wastes so many chances, such things happen,” said Hertha coach Pal Dardai, who criticized his team's poor performance.
“We showed nothing. It's not in order. We were lucky to get the point,” Dardai said.
Also Sunday, Hannover defeated Hoffenheim 2-0 at home.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
When Billy Graham died at age 99 in his North Carolina home on February 21, he left behind a legacy of service to his Lord through preaching the gospel. But according to his will, recently made public, that's not all there is to his legacy.
Graham left some parting words and assets to his family – and some financial backing for his ministry, the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association (BGEA).
Billy Graham
The 16-page document begins with a charge to his family members who remain.
“I ask my children and grandchildren to maintain and defend at all hazards and at any cost of personal sacrifice the blessed doctrine of complete atonement through the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ once offered, and through that alone,” he wrote.
“I urge all of you to walk with the Lord in a life of separation from the world and to keep eternal values in view.”
As a comfort to his family, he wrote: “When you read this I will be safely with Jesus in Paradise. I will be awaiting the reunion of our family in Heaven.”
Throughout the next section of the will, Graham chronicled the major points of his life – non-material blessings, such as his simple childhood on a Charlotte, N.C., dairy farm, marriage to Ruth Bell Graham and love for their five children.
“From the beginning of our marriage, we determined that we would be tithers,” wrote Graham of his and Ruth's financial commitment to God's kingdom. “We determined not to be preoccupied with material things, which leads to covetousness and which the Scriptures call idolatry.”
In keeping with his commitment on earth, Graham willed 10 percent of his residuary estate – that which is left after debts, funeral expenses, death taxes and all other claims are satisfied – to BGEA “to be used for the purposes of the Billy Graham Library Endowment.”
After the posthumous BGEA contribution, all remaining assets will be distributed equally among his five children: Virginia (“Gigi”) Graham, Anne Graham Lotz, Ruth (“Bunny”) Graham, Franklin Graham and Nelson (“Ned”) Graham.
Another beneficiary included in Graham's will is his literary trust, which will hold the copyrights to his works.
But Graham left more than just parting words and material assets to his family and his ministry. He left behind one last charge – one last “invitation” – to anyone who has access to this public will.
“I urge all who shall read this document to read and study the Scriptures daily and to trust only in the Lord Jesus Christ for salvation,” he wrote.
(EDITOR'S NOTE – Joy Allmond is a writer for LifeWay Christian Resources. This story first appeared at the Facts&Trends website factsandtrends.net.)
John Abraham and Diana Penty have just wrapped filming for their upcoming film Parmanu. Now the actor has dropped the second poster of the film and we must say it looks quite intriguing. The film revolves around the successful nuclear tests conducted in Pokhran, Rajasthan in 1998.
The actor took to Twitter to unveil another look of the film. He captioned the poster, Embark on an extraordinary journey this December with @ParmanuTheMovie #ParmanuTheStoryOfPokhran @johnabrahament @kriarj
Take a look at the poster!
In the poster, one can see that John is running in a deserted area with army vans in the background.
John will be paired opposite Diana Penty in the film. Talking about the film, John had earlier stated to a leading tabloid, “I have never been in a hurry to produce films and have been searching for subjects that are engaging… stories that resonate with the current socio-political and economic mood of the country. This film fits in perfectly with my pursuit, and I am also happy to start my association with Prernaa and Arjun.”
Trending :
John has also written the film along with Saiwyn Quadras and Sanyuktha Chawla Shaikh (writers of Neerja). The music of the film is helmed by Sachin-Jigar.
The film is being produced by KriArj Entertainment and JA Entertainment. The film also features Boman Irani in a lead role and Parmanu-The Story Of Pokhran is scheduled to release on December 8. Director Abhishek Sharma previously helmed Tere Bin Laden, starring Ali Zafar.
John's Parmanu will clash with the much-awaited comedy film Fukrey Returns which is a sequel to Fukrey. The film is directed by Mrigdeep Singh Lamba and stars Ali Fazal, Richa Chadha, Manjot Singh, Varun Sharma and Pulkit Samrat in lead roles.
In the latest update to the tragic story of a French bulldog's death aboard a recent United Airlines flight, a New York legislator is launching an investigation into the incident in which a family was told by a flight attendant to store their pet in an overhead bin.
New York State Senator Marisol Alcantara is proposing an Animal Bill of Rights for all N.Y.C. airports as justice for Kokito, the 10-month-old pup who died. The new legislation is expected to explicitly state that pets and animals are not allowed to be stowed in overhead compartments. Proper climate control, as well as proper ventilation in cabins whereby pets are transported separately from their owners, are additional provisions that will be included within the rights bill. Additionally, airline employees will be required to receive pet safety training. According to CBS New York, Alcantara is calling the bill “Kokito's Law.”
On March 15, New York State Senator Alcantara (D-Manhattan) released a statement, which included a message she'd sent in a letter to United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz:
“In addition, I am calling on the District Attorney to launch a criminal investigation into Kokito's death. Your airline's contention that the flight attendant did not know there was a dog in the carrier is outrageous. The passenger and her young daughter repeatedly told the attendant about the dog. However, your attendant took no action to address their concerns or check the bag for the animal. Obviously, passengers do not bring dog carriers on a plane as a carry-on item without bringing their pets. This ridiculous assertion should not, and will not hold up in criminal court. I will do everything in my power to assist the DA in using every legal remedy available to bring justice to this family.”
Meanwhile, the Robledo family attended a protest at New York's LaGuardia Airport on Sunday, where a crowd — which included animal rights activists, lawmakers and many pets — assembled to call for better conditions and protections regarding animals traveling on airplanes. According to AMNY.com, a lawyer representing the Robledos claims the family is also demanding a criminal prosecution.
“Animals clearly need a Passenger Bill of Rights, especially if they are going to fly on United. My dog is family and that Kokito was subjected to cruel and intolerable treatment that no living creature should be subjected to is horrifying. We will get to the bottom of what's happening at this airline, and I hope the District Attorney opens a criminal investigation immediately,”New York State Senator Alcantara said of the incident, according to the New York State Senate's website.
Last week, Sen. John Kennedy of Louisiana announced on Twitter that he had also written a letter to United Airlines calling for an “immediate explanation” for the number of animals who have died recently in the airlines' care.
In his letter, the Republican senator cited U.S. Department of Transportation data stating that “18 of the 24 animals who died in major U.S. airlines' care last year were in the care of United.”
A United representative said the airline plans to change its pet travel policy to ensure something like what happened to Kokito never occurs again.
RELATED: Everything You Need to Know About Traveling on a Plane with Your Dog
“To prevent this from happening again, by April we will issue bright colored bag tags to customers traveling with in-cabin pets. This visual tag will further help our flight attendants identify pets in-cabin,” Maggie Schmerin said in her statement to PEOPLE.
United received further backlash on Monday when it put a dog on the wrong plane, the second such incident of its kind in one week. In addition to Kokito's tragic death, news came to light last Wednesday that the airline has also accidentally switched up the travel plans of two dogs and sent one pet to Japan when he was supposed to go on a much shorter flight to Kansas City.
The head of the FBI has pledged to defend his agents against an attack on what he calls the bureau's independence.
US President Donald Trump has released a memo, which alleges bias against Republicans over the probe into possible Russian election interference.
Democrats warn the document is misleading and could harm national security.
FBI boss Christopher Wray has robustly defended his staff, telling them "I stand with you".
In an internal note to the FBI's 35,000 staff he told them he was determined to stand up for the organisation.
"You've all been through a lot in the past nine months and I know it's often been unsettling, to say the least," wrote Mr Wray.
Christopher A Wray, director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) testifies before the United States Senate Committee Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs on "Threats to the Homeland" on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC in 2017 | Image: CNP/SIPA USA/PA Images
"And the past few days haven't done much to calm those waters... Let me be clear: I stand fully committed to our mission... I stand with you."
Despite not referencing the memo of the President specifically, Mr Wray told staff he was "determined to defend your integrity and professionalism every day", adding: "Talk is cheap; the work you do is what will endure".
Former FBI Director James Comey, who Mr Trump fired in May, savaged the decision to release the memo.
He tweeted: "That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA (Foreign Intelligence Surveillance) court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen.
"For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs."
That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs. — James Comey (@Comey) February 2, 2018
Leading Democrats have warned of a "constitutional crisis" and told Mr Trump not to use the memo as a means of disrupting and discrediting the Russia investigation.
Rescued boater Mr. Edward Hendricks-Hyde and his mother Ezona Moore attended the George Town Seventh-Day Adventist Church on Saturday where he was Baptised.
Mr. Hendricks- Hyde was lost at sea together with friend Chadwick Bodden in June they had left for a fishing trip at 60 mile banks but turned up in Mexico after drifting at sea for weeks.
Mr. Hendricks-Hyde was rescued after a five week ordeal along the gulf of Mexico. He was found alone adrift in his boat by local fishermen on 30 July.
Adventist Pastor Setheres Dixon who officiated the baptism said he suggested postponing the ceremony but Mr. Hendricks- Hyde had already made the decision to become baptised into the Christian faith while at sea.
““He made a promise to God while at sea that if He saved his life the first thing he would do was to give his life to God through baptism,” Mr. Dixon explained.
Relatives told Cayman 27 earlier today that Mr. Hendricks-Hyde is still undergoing treatment in hospital.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
GAINESVILLE, Fla. — Florida has hired Nick Savage as its director of strength and conditioning.
The Gators made the announcement Monday, making Savage the fourth assistant new coach Dan Mullen has brought with him from Mississippi State.
Savage spent the last four years in Starkville, including the last two as strength and conditioning coach. He replaced Rick Court following the 2015 season.
The 28-year-old Savage joins offensive assistants Billy Gonzales, John Hevesy and Brian Johnson as well as defensive co-ordinator Todd Grantham on Mullen's staff. Gonzales, Hevesy and Grantham worked with Mullen last season. Johnson previously worked under Mullen at Mississippi State.
Most of the readers' letters on the tax bill bash President Donald Trump and the GOP [“Views of tax bills from many angles,” Dec. 6].
New York's politicians lament that the bill limits the property tax deduction to $10,000 as a destruction of the middle class.
My mom's 2,500-square-foot house in Orlando, Florida, is in a gated community on a golf course, with a clubhouse and swimming pool. Her yearly property tax bill is about $1,800.
Our house the same size on Long Island, without the golf course, pool, etc., is charged $15,000 per year in property taxes.
A monthly ticket on the Long Island Rail Road from Islip to Penn Station is $391, and add to that another $121 for the subway MetroCard. You can lease a premium luxury car for that combined monthly payment.
New York's politicians are right to fear the loss of the tax deduction, as it probably will cause an exodus of residents, sending New York down the road that some cities have traveled: from rich and poor residents to mostly poor.
The politicians are dead right about the destruction of the middle class, but they should look in the mirror and see who is destroying it.
Bill Petry, Islip
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
I am disgusted by the Republican tax legislation and feel that it needs to be stopped [“Tax overhaul in limbo,” News, Dec. 1]. It makes me mad on many levels.
The Senate bill was rushed through with no chance for many members to read it and no bipartisanship. It could increase the deficit by $1.4 trillion, according to the Congressional Budget Office, and take away much-needed deductions from Long Islanders.
The bill in the House of Representatives is no better. This Republican Congress has failed America. Do not be taken in by its empty promises and projections. It will hurt our region, and it's time for change.
Reps. Peter King and Lee Zeldin voted against the House bill, but in my opinion, they are still complicit in its writing.
Brian Zimmerman, Massapequa
After the Senate's late-night skirmish to pass a 479-page mostly unvetted, undiscussed tax bill that couldn't possibly be speed-read in an hour, it is time to fight publicly the hypocritical GOP and unseat all vulnerable Republicans.
Remind them that everything that happens is their responsibility and their fault.
In particular this: If they are determined to destroy our natural ecosystem by drilling in the delicately balanced Arctic, their greed will be consumed by Mother Nature. No one survives the destruction of the Earth.
We must fight for the survival of the Earth, not corporate lobbyists and donors.
Annie Bien, Cobble Hill
The two houses of Congress passed their versions of “trickle-down” economics, claiming lower corporate taxes to the wealthy corporations would provide money for investments, which would expand the economy, provide jobs, and increase wages for the middle class.
Since the 1980s, when President Ronald Reagan passed his “trickle-down” budget, the disparities in income levels between the wealthy and the middle class have grown from modest to huge.
The truth is that corporations use their profits to repurchase their own stock, give dividends to stockholders and increase executive compensation. I'm skeptical they would invest the new money to increase wages.
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. Will we ever get a Congress to make the correction necessary to help the middle class reduce the insane wealth disparity?
Clare Worthing, Wantagh
In the words of Yogi Berra, “It ain't over 'til it's over.” You can't argue with that.
So as the majorities in the U.S. House and Senate work in haste to finalize their tax legislation, we must make it known to them that we, their constituents, do not support this egregious attack on the middle class and poor on Long Island.
They are touting this as the largest tax cut in this country's history. What they have neglected to include between the words “largest” and “tax” is the operative word, “corporate.”
The president has promised an early Christmas present for all Americans! He fails to insert the word “wealthy.”
The majority in Congress is not proposing tax reform, but redistribution. First, Republicans will loot the Treasury and create a deficit to the tune of $1.4 trillion. This will be for the benefit of huge tax breaks to corporations like Big Oil, Big Pharma and private prisons — and any other group whose lobbyists hold sway.
Then they will claim that, in the name of deficit reduction, there have to be major cuts to Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, education, children's services, health care and any other program that is desperately needed.
Vincenza Ercole, Port Jefferson Station
Singer and X Factor runner-up Rebecca Ferguson announced Monday that she would accept an invitation to sing at Donald Trump's inauguration if she got to perform "Strange Fruit," the BBC reports. That might not go over so well with Trump's team, though — "Strange Fruit" was originally recorded as a protest song by Billie Holiday, and takes its words from an Abel Meeropol poem that powerfully refers to the lynching of African Americans as "black bodies swinging in the southern breeze."
Ferguson praised the song's "huge historical importance," noting that it was "blacklisted in the United States for being too controversial."
"['Strange Fruit'] speaks to all the disregarded and down-trodden black people in the United States. A song that is a reminder of how love is the only thing that will conquer all the hatred in this world," Ferguson wrote in her open letter.
Trump's team might have to make some tough decisions, then. The inauguration organizers have reportedly been having trouble locking down musical performers for the big day. So far, Andrea Bocelli, Elton John, Garth Brooks, and Céline Dion are all rumored to have turned down the honor. Jeva Lange
The Dallas Stars and Vegas Golden Knights line up for a moment of silence for shooting victims in Las Vegas before an NHL hockey game in Dallas, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. LM Otero AP Photo
OMAHA – Today, Governor Pete Ricketts and Nebraska Department of Agriculture (NDA) Director Greg Ibach joined Greater Omaha Packing (GOP) President Henry Davis to load the first box of beef from Nebraska destined for China.
“Nebraska is the country's top beef processor as well as beef exporter, and China is the second largest importer of beef in the world,” said Governor Ricketts. “From the beginning, my administration focused trade efforts on China to position Nebraska beef to be able to capture significant sales as soon as the market opened.”
Over the last two years, Governor Ricketts has strongly advocated to reopen China to American beef. In 2016, the Governor led a trade mission to China to share the story of Nebraska beef with potential customers in anticipation of the market re-opening.
In 2015, the Governor visited Beijing to urge the Chinese government to reopen the Chinese market to American beef.
Last year, he visited with then candidate Donald J. Trump about the importance of the Chinese beef market to Nebraska. The President subsequently pledged to make reopening the market a priority for his administration.
“This is a tremendous opportunity for Nebraska and we are excited to continue the work we started years ago to develop and strengthen relationships with China,” said NDA Director Greg Ibach. “When people around the world think about high quality, delicious beef, they think Nebraska, and we are now pleased to be able to offer those Nebraska beef products to China.”
Final details concerning export requirements to resume beef shipments to China were released Monday. Among the requirements, U.S. producers must track the birthplace of cattle born in the United States that are destined for export to China. Many Nebraska producers already do this.
“Chinese officials toured our company's Omaha plant last fall to learn about our high international animal health and food safety standards and traceability and labeling protocols,” said GOP President Henry Davis. “We're excited to be shipping beef to China for the first time in 14 years.”
“Thank you to the countless federal, state, and industry partners who worked together to make this a reality,” said Governor Ricketts. “Our recent trade missions to China and the efforts of Ag Director Ibach, Economic Development Director Dentlinger and their teams helped lay the groundwork for this success. Access to the Chinese market allows Nebraska farmers and ranchers to sell our quality beef to 1.4 billion new customers, and this will help to grow our state for years to come.”
Beef exports will greatly complement Nebraska's current successes in the Chinese marketplaces with soybeans, distiller's products, and pork. NDA and the Nebraska Department of Economic Development will work to identify future promotional opportunities in a continued partnership with Nebraska's beef community in an effort to increase the sales of Nebraska beef specifically in China.
Since 2005, Nebraska's share of the international U.S. beef sales have increased from 3.6 percent to more than 18 percent, and Nebraska's market share in Europe has increased from 5 percent to nearly 50 percent of total sales.
Finance Minister Hon. Roy McTaggart says that Block Chain technology is an integral part of any modern-day transaction. Some at the recent D10E conference questioned how Block Chain companies setting up shop in Cayman would impact the Financial Services industry. He said, ” My view is Block Chain is here to stay it will continue to expand it will continue to grow. I don't see it being a harm. What I view it as it is complimentary and yes it will allow for complete transparency. ” Mr. McTaggart said with already of 50 Block Chain companies in Cayman it shows that there is a need to facilitate this kind of service.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Sigh…it's never a happy day when you hear about celebrity couples splitting, but I think this news might be particularly disappointing for Janet Jackson fans, who celebrated and wished her well for her “third time's a charm” marriage to her Arab billionaire husband and father of her only child. The news comes just months after the birth of their child, and suspicions a flying about the reason for the split.
If you've been any fan of Janet for any amount of time, you know that she has been an iconic sex symbol and vigorous stage performer for decades. Her trademark was her looks, amazingly flat stomach, and affiliation to the First Family of Pop. Her husband was surely well aware of this fact, and it's puzzling to see how Janet changed over the course of their brief marriage. She left the country, took a major break from public life, and wore clothing you'd never in a million years expect her to wear. He had caged the butterfly.
And therein lies the issue, folks. Sometimes swirling will go wrong, not because of the abundance or lack of melanin content, but the lack of shared values, culture, and often, religion.
Some will say that Janet made out like, well, a bandit, because the prenup allegedly gives her 100 million for every year of marriage, leaving her halfway to billionaire status too. That seems mind boggling to us plebs, but remember she was super rich to begin with, and after a certain point, it's just…there. When you have mega millions, you have much more time contemplating your belly button lint than the average person, and I'm sure the dissolution of her marriage is a hard and sad event for her.
German pharmaceutical giant Bayer AG has agreed to the U.S. government's demand that it sell about $9 billion in agriculture businesses as condition for acquiring Monsanto Co., a U.S. seed and weed-killer maker.
Antitrust regulators at the Justice Department say it's the biggest divestiture ever required for a merger. The regulators say they directed Bayer to divest assets such as vegetable oils, seeds and seed treatments to ensure fair competition in the market after the massive agriculture business deal goes through. The assets will be sold to BASF, a German chemical company.
Bayer's $57 billion takeover of Monsanto has been watched by competitors and environmental groups, which are fearful that the number of players in the business of selling seeds and pesticides will shrink further and give a single company an exclusive grip on the food chain.
Monsanto, based in St. Louis, is one of the world's biggest seed companies. The merger would make Bayer the largest supplier in the world of pesticides and seeds for farmers.
The divestiture proposal will be filed in federal court and opened to public comment for 60 days.
In March, the European Union approved the merger on condition that Bayer sell $7.4 billion in assets to BASF to eliminate overlaps in seed and pesticide markets. The U.S. Justice Department said after the European action that it continued to have concerns over the proposed merger, especially its potential impact on American farmers and consumers, which could differ from its effects in Europe. Genetically modified seeds, for example, are used widely in the U.S. but mostly banned in Europe.
The merger also has won approval from China, Brazil and Australia.
Bayer said it has now secured nearly all the needed government clearances for closing the deal.
“Receipt of the (Justice Department's) approval brings us close to our goal of creating a leading company in agriculture,” Bayer CEO Werner Baumann said in a statement. “We want to help farmers across the world grow more nutritious food in a more sustainable way.”
Some antitrust experts had warned that the merger would eliminate direct competition between two of the biggest players in the seed industry, giving the new company lopsided control over U.S. cotton acreage, and commercial seed development for canola, soybean and corn.
Two big mergers last year already have reshaped the global seed and pesticide market: Dow Chemical's combination with DuPont last year, and China National Chemical Corp.'s acquisition of Syngenta, a Swiss seed and pesticide maker.
© The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Detroit Tigers' Miguel Cabrera (24) gets a high-five from teammate Nicholas Castellanos, center, after hitting a home run in the first inning as New York Yankees catcher Erik Kratz, right, waits for the next batter in a spring training baseball exhibition game, Saturday, March 17, 2018, in Lakeland, Fla. (AP Photo/John Raoux)
Detroit Tigers' Miguel Cabrera (24) gets a high-five from teammate Nicholas Castellanos, center, after hitting a home run in the first inning as New York Yankees catcher Erik Kratz, right, waits for the next batter in a spring training baseball exhibition game, Saturday, March 17, 2018, in Lakeland, Fla. (AP Photo/John Raoux)
The first base position has traditionally been loaded with talent and a primary source of power for fantasy players. With overall HR totals increasing for four straight seasons, and perceived depth at the position, some fantasy managers may put off selecting a first baseman until the later rounds of their drafts. That used to be a good strategy but in 2018 it may expose you to risk.
There's quality talent at the position in the later rounds, but if you wait too long, you might end up with a first baseman better qualified to be your corner infielder.
If you want to roster one of the top bats at the position, grab your first baseman by the fifth round of a 12 team rotisserie league. Here's what you can expect with regards to the first base position in National Fantasy Baseball Championship (NFBC) drafts:
Paul Goldschmidt is a mid to late first round pick. No, the humidor will not be his kryptonite. He'll still hit approximately 30 HRs. He is one of the few first basemen who can steal 20 plus bases.
Joey Votto, Freddie Freeman, Anthony Rizzo and Cody Bellinger are usually selected by the second round.
Votto provides an elite batting average and power, but he's especially valuable in leagues that utilize on base percentage (.449 OBP last three seasons).
Freeman has produced a .304/.401/.576 slash line, and stolen 14 bases over the past two seasons. Depending on your league's rules, his 16 games at third base may make him multi-position eligible.
Rizzo doesn't hit for high average (.268 lifetime), but he's provided 32 HRs three of the last four seasons, and driven in 109 runs in two straight.
Bellinger (1B/OF eligible) hit 39 HRs, and stole 10 bases as a rookie in 2017. His consistent season long production alleviates fears for a potential sophomore slump.
Jose Abreu could return good fantasy value as a third- or fourth-round pick. In his four year career he's compiled a .301 batting average, posted four straight 100 plus RBI seasons, and averaged 33 HRs.
Rhys Hoskins, Edwin Encarnacion and Buster Posey are the next group of first base eligible players taken by the fifth round of twelve team NFBC leagues.
Encarnacion is the most appealing. He's averaged 38 HRs and 110 RBI over the past seven seasons.
Posey hits for average, but declining power numbers make him more valuable as a catcher.
Hoskins (1B/OF eligible) set an MLB record by hitting 18 HRs in the first 34 games of his career. If his last season's BABIP (.241) normalizes, his .259 batting average should improve.
Wil Myers is being selected in the sixth round of NFBC leagues. His career .254 batting average is mediocre, but he's hit 58 HRs and stolen 48 bases over the past two seasons. He'll also be multi-position eligible (1B/OF) because.
Eric Hosmer is the Padres' new first baseman. His batting average has been uneven throughout his career, and his power numbers are marginal. They won't likely improve in pitcher friendly Petco Park.
Miguel Cabrera is often available in the eighth round of a 12 team draft. Injuries derailed his 2017 season. If healthy, he could be a draft day bargain.
On the subject of bargains, these first base eligible players could outplay their ADPs this season:
Trey Mancini (1B/OF eligible), hit 24 HRs and batted .293 last season. He's going in the 13th round of 12 team NFBC drafts.
Josh Bell hit 26 HRs, drove in 90 runs and his second half batting average was 35 points higher than his first half average. Take him in the 16th round.
Logan Morrison hit 38 HRs last season. He could regress, but will see regular at-bats with the Twins. Grab him in the 24th round.
Jake Bauers may not start this season with the Rays, but he possesses power and speed, and could be a mid-season call up.
TOP 20 FIRST BASEMEN
1.Paul Goldschmidt, Diamondbacks
2.Joey Votto, Reds
3.Freddie Freeman, Braves
4.Cody Bellinger, Dodgers
5.Jose Abreu, White Sox
6.Anthony Rizzo, Cubs
7.Wil Myers, Padres
8.Rhys Hoskins, Phillies
9.Edwin Encarnacion, Indians
10.Miguel Cabrera, Tigers
11.Eric Hosmer
12.Carlos Santana
13.Joey Gallo
14.Matt Olson
15.Justin Smoak
16.Josh Bell
17.Ryan Zimmerman
18.Greg Bird
19.Ryan McMahon
20.Justin Bour
___
This column was provided to The Associated Press by the Fantasy Sports Network, http://FNTSY.com
Video: Cardi B, Bad Bunny & J Balvin – “I Like It”
Cardi B, Bad Bunny & J Balvin – I Like It [Official Music Video]
Watch this video on YouTube
Directed by Eif Rivera. From Cardi B's Invasion of Privacy, out now on the Atlantic.
“I Like It” is the first fun number one since Camila Cabello's “Havana” back in January. (I guess “Nice For What” was upbeat, but Drake is so whiny that I can't consider him fun.)
Cardi just makes you happy.
They call me Cardi Bardi, banging body
Spicy mami, hot tamale
Hotter than a Somali, fur coat, Ferrari
Hop out the stu', jump in the coupe
Big Dipper on top of the roof
That's fun!
Plus she samples “I Like It Like That” by Bronx boogaloo pianist Pete Rodriguez, so it's got that funky 1967 Latin hook. I don't know anything about Bad Bunny and J Balvin but all my favorite pop hits since we've been doing this series have had some Latino flavor, so I welcome and encourage our neighbors to the south to take over our pop charts entirely.
“I Like It” sold 44,000 downloads and had 37.5 million U.S. streams in the week ending June 28, and 80 million in radio audience in the week ending July 1.
Cardi B: web, twitter, amazon, apple, spotify, wiki.
* * *
Audio: Pete Rodriguez – “I Like It Like That”
Pete Rodriguez – I Like It Like That
Watch this video on YouTube
From I Like It Like That (A Mi Me Gusta Asi), (Alegre, 1967).
* * *
Listen on to all of the year's #1 songs on Spotify:
Listen on Apple Music:
Stay tuned for the latest developments with the top pop singles in the country. The toppermost of the poppermost! These are your number one records, America!
KARACHI: The Met department has predicted a heatwave in the port city from Saturday.
The temperature is likely to hit upwards of 38 degrees Celsius starting Saturday, the Pakistan Meteorological Department said, adding that the heatwave is expected to prevail for the next five to six days.
Based on records from the past 30 years, the temperature in Karachi averages up to 36 degrees in the month of October. However, weather experts predict a fresh wave of heat will push the mercury to 38-40 degrees over the next few days.
According to Met Director Abdul Rasheed, the sea breeze, which normally keeps Karachi temperature in check, is expected to change directions, resulting in an increase in mercury.
Dry winds from the north are also predicted.
Rising demand for three dimensional integrated circuits used extensively across various miniature semiconductor devices is one of the important factor anticipated to boost the demand for thin wafer processing and dicing equipment in the coming years. Three dimensional integrated circuit are increasingly adopted across various space constrained applications including portable consumer electronic devices, sensors, MEMS and industrial products as it increases the overall performance of the products in terms of speed, durability, low power consumption, light weight and memory. Moreover, three dimensional integrated circuits also helps to reduce the area of consumption in a printed circuit board and in turn enables extensive cost reduction. Thin wafer of thickness 20 um – 50 um is an integral part of the three dimensional integrated circuit technology. Thus, anticipated increasing demand for three dimensional integrated circuits in turn is predicted to boost the demand for thin wafer processing equipment during the forecast period from 2016 to 2024.
Report For Report Sample: https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/sample/110114607/Thin-Wafer-Processing-and-Dicing-Equipment-Market
For the purpose of providing an exhaustive analysis of the thin wafer processing and dicing equipment market across the globe, the market has been segmented on the basis of application, dicing technology, wafer size and geography. Thin wafer finds are used extensively across various application sectors including logic and memory, MEMS (Micro Electro Mechanical Systems), power device, RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) and CMOS image sensor. Moreover, different technology used in the process of dicing thin wafer including blade dicing, laser dicing and plasma dicing is also covered within our scope of research. Different laser dicing procedure such as laser ablation and stealth dicing has also been considered to track the market estimate of laser dicing technology. In addition, different application and dicing technology segment has been further classified on the basis of wafer thickness such as 750 μm, 120 μm and 50 μm. Furthermore, information relating to the current market trend and future expected market growth of the application, technology and wafer thickness segment across different regions including Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, Middle-East and Africa (MEA) and Latin America is also provided within the report.
The major players in the thin wafer processing and dicing equipment market have been profiled competitively across the different broad geographical regions. In addition, the report also provides competitive analysis of the market players in which the leading strategies adopted by the key players to maintain their leading position in the market and the market share of the leading players in terms of percentage has also been highlighted in this report. Further, market attractiveness analysis in respect of application, dicing technology, wafer thickness and geography is also provided in this report in order to provide deep insight regarding the market.
The report also provides assessment of different drivers that is impacting the global market, along with the restraints and opportunities that are anticipated to affect the demand of thin wafer processing and dicing equipment in the coming years. For each segment (such as application, dicing technology and wafer size), market dynamics analysis has also been provided in this report. All these factors helps in determining different trends that has been impacting the overall market growth. Moreover, after taking into consideration all this factors, an extensive analysis of the region wise growth parameters of thin wafer processing and dicing equipment market along with the overall assessment during the forecast period of 2016 – 2024 has been also been furnished within this report. Furthermore, the report includes porter's five forces analysis in order to understand the level of competition exist within the industry. Moreover, various wafer thinning and packaging constraints coupled with advanced packaging trend that are anticipated to affect the demand of the thin wafer processing and dicing equipment is also covered within our scope of research.
Request Report Discount: https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/discount/110114607/Thin-Wafer-Processing-and-Dicing-Equipment-Market
Some of the major players operating the thin wafer processing and dicing equipment market includes Disco Corporation (Japan), Plasma Therm LLC (USA), Tokyo Electron Ltd (Japan) and EV Group (Austria) among others.
The thin wafer processing and dicing equipment market has been segmented as follows:
Global Thin Wafer Processing and Dicing Equipment Market, by Application
• Logic and Memory
• MEMS (Micro Electro Mechanical Systems)
• Power Device
• RFID (Radio Frequency Identification)
• CMOS Image Sensor
Global Thin Wafer Processing and Dicing Equipment Market, by Dicing Technology
• Blade Dicing
• Laser Dicing
• Plasma Dicing
Global Thin Wafer Processing and Dicing Equipment Market, by Wafer Thickness
• 750 μm
• 120 μm
• 50 μm
Global Thin Wafer Processing and Dicing Equipment Market, by Geography
• North America
o The U.S.
o Canada
o Mexico
• Europe
o U.K
o Germany
o Eastern Europe including Russia
o Italy
o Rest of Europe
• Asia Pacific
o China
o Taiwan
o Korea
o Rest of Asia Pacific
• Middle East and Africa
o United Arab Emirates
o Israel
o Rest of the Middle East and Africa
• Latin America
o Brazil
o Argentina
o Rest of Latin America
Researchers from North Carolina State University have synthesized an analog of lipoxazolidinone A, a small molecule that is effective against drug-resistant bacteria such as MRSA. This molecule, a new synthetic compound inspired by a natural product, could be a useful chemical tool for studying other Gram-positive infections and may have implications for future drug creation.
Lipoxazolidinone A is a natural product which had been previously isolated from bacteria living in marine sediments. It is a secondary metabolite - a small molecule produced by the bacteria that isn't key to its survival but is produced for a secondary purpose, like defense. When lipoxazolidinone A was initially isolated, researchers noted that it seemed effective against Gram-positive bacteria, like MRSA.
NC State chemist Joshua Pierce aimed to confirm those original findings and understand how the molecule's structure correlated to its function; in short, he wanted to recreate the molecule to see what portions were directly responsible for its anti-microbial properties and then potentially improve upon that structure.
Pierce, along with current NC State graduate student Kaylib Robinson and former students Jonathan Mills and Troy Zehnder, used novel chemical tools to synthesize lipoxazolidinone A in the lab. They were able to confirm that its chemical structure matched what the initial researchers had indicated, then they worked to identify the portion of the molecule that was responsible for the activity against Gram-positive bacteria. Their result was a compound with improved potency, JJM-35.
They tested JJM-35 against a panel of resistant and non-resistant bacteria. When tested against MRSA in-vitro, they found that the synthesized molecule was up to 50 times more effective than the natural product against several bacterial strains. Additionally, they found that the molecule was often more effective against resistant bacterial strains than it was against nonresistant strains.
"An exciting additional aspect of this work was that we identified that these molecules may function by inhibiting multiple biosynthetic pathways directly or indirectly," says Pierce. "This means that bacteria may have difficulty developing resistance to potential drugs developed from these molecules."
While more work is needed, Pierce hopes that JJM-35 and similar compounds can be used as tools to study other Gram-positive bacteria and provide a platform for the development of a novel class of anti-infective agents.
"At this point, we have a chemical scaffold - a starting piece of the puzzle. We know that this piece is effective, and so right now all efforts are focused on evaluating the properties of these molecules and their in-vivo efficacy," says Pierce. "The hope is that we can build upon this scaffold to create drugs that are effective against MRSA and other resistant bacteria at a time of dire need for antimicrobial development while also increasing the spectrum of activity."
The research appears in the journal Angewandte Chemie. The work has received funding from the National Institutes of Health (NIGMS grant R01GM110154) and NC State's Chancellor's Innovation Fund as well as support from the Comparative Medicine Institute at NC State.
###
Note to editors: An abstract of the paper follows
"Synthesis and Biological Evaluation of the Antimicrobial Natural Product Lipoxazolidinone A"
DOI: 10.1002/anie.201805078
Authors: Jonathan J. Mills, Kaylib R. Robinson, Troy E. Zehnder and Joshua G. Pierce, North Carolina State University
Published: Angewandte Chemie International Edition
Abstract: Natural products have historically been a major source of antibiotics and therefore novel scaffolds are constantly of interest. The lipoxazolidinone family of marine natural products, with an unusual 4-oxazolidinone heterocycle at their core, represents a new scaffold for antimicrobial discovery; however, questions regarding their mechanism of action and high lipophilicity have likely slowed follow-up studies. Herein, we report the first synthesis of lipoxazolidinone A, 15 structural analogs to explore its active pharmacophore, and initial resistance and mechanism of action studies. These results suggest that 4-oxazolidinones are valuable scaffolds for antimicrobial development and reveal simplified lead compounds for further optimization.
Fanne Khan which previously was called as Fanney Khan has wrapped up its shooting which was followed by a grand party. Stars like Shahid Kapoor, Yami Gautam and cast members in Rajkummar Rao, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and Anil Kapoor were present.
Backed by KriArj Entertainment, the party was a memorable one having who's who of the B'Town. Divya Dutta, Bipasha Basu, Saiyami Kher, Producer Prernaa Arora and director Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra were present at the event.
Fun get together for team #fanneykhan with the @kriarj team 🎉Keep shining ❤️ @iprernaarora and Arjun keep shining👍🏻 A post shared by bipashabasusinghgrover (@bipashabasu) on Dec 9, 2017 at 10:12am PST
There was one more reason for this party to shine, it was the birthday bash of KriArj Entertainment's co-founder and Fanne Khan producer Prernaa Arora. So, a party with such grandeur was definitely needed of the year.
The official handle of KriArj Entertainment posted a photo of the team which was titled as, “A happy bunch came together when Mr. ‘fanne khan' wrapped up his part of the shoot @AnilKapoor @RakeyshOmMehra @RajkummarRao @divyadutta25 #AishwaryaRaiBachchan#PrernaaArora #ArjunNKapoor #bhushankumar.”
Earlier, Anil Kapoor revealed his look from the film via social media. He looks dapper, proving that age is just a number.
Trending
He posted two images of himself in his character as Fanne Khan on Instagram, and captioned them: “Think you who know Fanne Khan is? Think again! This is just the tip of the iceberg… With Fanne, the only thing you can expect is the unexpected!”
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan was missing from the pics posted by official accounts but thankfully a fan club posted a picture of her and we can't get out eyes off her.
Full photo of Aishwarya from Prerna Arora's birthday bash – she looks stunning!!!!! pic.twitter.com/H14iBZ6P3u — Bewitching Bachchans (@TasnimaKTastic) December 10, 2017
Fanne Khan is a musical comedy film directed by Atul Manjrekar. The film is being jointly produced by Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra, KriArj Entertainment and T-Series. It is the official remake of the Oscar-nominated 2000 Dutch film Everybody's Famous!.
Super fun with my fanne team my fav @RakeyshOmMehra n dearest Anil Kapoor n saiyami at a cozy get together with t lovely Prerna arora @kriarj !! pic.twitter.com/xyHt4ZS0MB — Divya Dutta (@divyadutta25) December 9, 2017
Fanne Khan will clash with Salman Khan's Race 3 at the box office on Eid-ul-Fitr next June. The movie takes on body-shaming in a major way and also features Aishwarya Rai Bachchan apart from Rajkummar Rao.
Here is your look at the Cayman Islands Little League for Monday 23rd April:
Girls Softball
Wednesday 18 April
Coldwell Banker 17
GCM 4
The 2018 Girls Softball season continued on Wednesday 18 April as Coldwell Banker crushed GCM 17-4. Coldwell Banker got off to a torrid start scoring 12 runs in the top of the first inning thanks to some excellent hitting and a handful of GCM errors. Coldwell Banker's Kacie Ramos, Carmella Ylagan and Deandra Whiteman each went 3-3 at the plate combining for six runs. Raina Myles, Nathania Simpson, Calissa Ylagan and Jialy Archbold-McLaughlin each scored twice on the base path . Whiteman pitched a three-inning complete game, striking out two. For GCM, Clara Ramos and Hannah Gibson led the attack with each going 2-2 for three runs scored. Angelie Bodden added a triple to right field. GCM pitcher Thai Merren struck out five, while second baseman Kris Maxine Aleria turned a nifty double play.
Saturday 21 April
Coldwell Banker 15
Kirk Freeport 1
On Saturday, the red hot Coldwell Banker defeated a short-handed Kirk Freeport team 15-1. Kirk Freeport fielded just eight players on the day with a pitcher, first baseman and three others missing in action. Coldwell Banker scored three runs in the first inning, breaking the game open with a twelve-run second. CB's Carmella Ylagan, Raina Myles and Kacie Ramos each reached base three times and scored three runs. CB pitcher Deandra Whiteman had another solid game surrendering just three hits and one run while striking out three. Shay Windsor led Kirk Freeport's attack with a double that scored one. At the halfway point of the season, Coldwell Banker sits atop the standings at 5-1, with Kirk Freeport (3-3) and GCM (1-5) in hot pursuit. The next game is on Wednesday 25th April with GCM taking on Kirk Freeport.
AA Division
Tuesday 17th April
Encompass 8
Digicel 4
Encompass' Dylan Bergman opened the game on the mound pitching two scoreless innings. Neil McComb struck the first RBI of the game for Encompass bringing home Bergman. The Encompass bats continued to deliver in the second and third innings with Kenya Rostran leading the way with two hits. Holt Riley pitched in with a single while Mathew Pothier smacked a double. Wills Dolbeare's triple capped off a 4-run second inning with Encompass adding 4 runs in the third. Brodey McComb took the mound for Encompass in the 3rd inning and retired all three batters in order.
In the 4th inning, Digicel were led by a Jaden Jimenez single that brought home Chad Murphy and Toby Johns. Encompass' Wills Dolbeare made a great catch in the field, while McComb struck out the next three batters to escape the fourth. Digicel pitcher Chad Murphy took control on the mound in the 4th and 5th innings, striking out 10.
Saturday 21st April
Digicel 7
Logic 6
Pony Division
Greenlight RE 13
SMP 6
Kaylyn McLean and Finley Hirst: 1 home run each
Saxon 10
Maples 0
Kylie Booden-Watler: 2-2, 2 RBI
Cayman Water 14
Deloitte 14
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Posted 1 hour ago
Plans are underway to transform the Kenyan Premier League Under Twenty Tournaments into a fully operational league within the next two years.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Condom company Ansell is buying Newmarket-based Nitritex for £45 million.
The total consideration is £57 million including £12 million cash. The £45m net purchase price is equivalent to a multiple of approximately seven times adjusted EBITDA on a trailing 12 month basis.
Ansell is described as a world leader in “providing superior health and safety protection solutions that enhance human well-being”.
With operations in North America, Latin America/Caribbean, EMEA and Asia, Ansell employs nearly 15,000 people worldwide and is very strong in medical gloves, as well as in the sexual health and well-being category worldwide. Its four main business segments are Industrial, Medical, Single Use and Sexual Wellness.
Founded in 1996, Nitritex, through its flagship brand BioClean, manufactures a broad range of sterile and non-sterile consumables including disposable gloves, garments, goggles, face masks and accessories.
The company has strong capabilities in supporting the demanding standards of cleanroom and healthcare life sciences customers in more than 80 countries, with the majority of its sales in Europe. It has demonstrated consistent, double digit revenue and earnings growth in recent years.
Derek Watts, managing director of Nitritex, said: “I am delighted that Nitritex has become part of Ansell. The company has been enjoying very strong and sustained growth, and Ansell is an ideal partner to support the further development of the company worldwide.”
Professional advisors for the deal were PEM Corporate Finance and Greenwoods Solicitors.
Lake Falconer, Corporate Finance partner, said: “We have worked towards this transaction with Derek over a number of years and I'm delighted that his plans have come to fruition.
“Ansell is the perfect example of a strategic buyer and its international reach will fuel the continued growth of the company.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Extra armed police will be seen on the streets of Cambridge over Christmas because of the threat of terrorism - which is now at 'severe'.
And Cambridgeshire police are urging people to be vigilant and report any suspicious activity.
The plea comes as the force continues to promote the Action Counters Terrorism campaign in the lead up to Christmas.
The number of shoppers in town and city centres is expected to increase over the December period, and shoppers and party-goers are being urged to stay alert and report any suspicious activity while they are out and about.
Detective Superintendent Glen Channer, from the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit and Counterterrorism Policing, said: “We know that the Christmas period is a busy time, with many more people than usual visiting town centres, enjoying the night-time economy, and attending events such as Christmas markets.
“We want everyone to have a safe festive period and that's why we're urging people stay alert and make it harder for terrorists to carry out or plan an attack.”
An increase in armed police officers will be seen from this week as the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Armed Policing Unit launch a new operation which will see armed officers carry out more visible and proactive patrols.
The move, which has not been introduced because of any specific intelligence, is designed to help make the public feel reassured and ensure more regular armed patrols are carried out at key locations across the three counties.
Chief Inspector Julia Hands, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Armed Policing Unit, said: “The safety of the public is our number one priority which is why we've decided to increase the visibility of our armed officers.
"From this week onwards our armed officers will be more visible at key sites across the three counties, carrying out proactive patrols and talking to the public.
“I'd like to reassure the public that this move is not being taken because of any intelligence about any current threats, and if anyone does have any concerns please do speak to one of our officers while they're out and about.”
The Action Counters Terrorism campaign is run by the National Counterterrorism Police and encourages people to be alert and report any suspicious activity.
Oklahoma remains among the worst in the nation for the rate of women killed by men, but some new training for first responders and prosecutors may help save lives.
International experts are hosting a CLEET-certified informational course at the Devon Boathouse Monday, Aug. 14 and Tuesday, Aug. 15 about the relationship between strangulation and homicides. Former San Diego prosecutor Gael Strack started studying the correlation in the 1990s and has found that strangulation victims are 750% more likely to become homicide victims than domestic partners who were never choked.
“People are dying,” says Strack, who is now the CEO of Alliance for HOPE International. “Kids are dying. Women are dying. This is no laughing matter, but the problem is we're not educated about it.”
Police, nurses and prosecutors from around Oklahoma are changing that, though, by learning to recognize strangulation for the danger that it is. Strack says, “The men who strangle women, and mostly it's men, they are killers. They are the ones that are killing police officers and usually involved in mass shootings.”
Palomar, Oklahoma City's family justice center, obtained a private sponsorship to bring in Strack and police surgeon Dr. Bill Smock. Palomar reports 68% of local high-risk victims admitted in a survey that they had been choked by their partner.
One little-known fact revealed at the course is that it only takes 11 pounds of pressure to the arteries in the neck to cause brain damage. A strong person can squeeze with more than 100 pounds of pressure using only one hand. “If somebody puts pressure on your neck,” says Strack, “you are depriving the brain of oxygen, and if you pass out you've likely suffered a brain injury that is irreversible.”
A victim being choked can pass out in as little as five seconds, and may die within minutes.
Also, only half of strangulation victims have visible injuries, which is why hands-on exercises at the course help participants look beyond the obvious for clues. Strack notes, “Cases are won or lost depending on the investigation of the patrol officer.”
Oklahoma County district attorney David Prater says this new information will definitely help catch dangerous criminals before they become deadly. “We're always reactive,” he says, “and we think, how could we have prevented this? What is it we could have done to have seen this coming? Where was our crystal ball? Strangulation is the crystal ball.”
The experts will host a second round of the training course Tuesday from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. at the Devon Boathouse along the Oklahoma River. The seminar is free and open to the public.
For more facts, click here.
If you or a loved one are a victim of domestic abuse and need help, call (405) 552-1010 or click here for online resources.
A disabled boy who watched his friends riding their bikes but could not join them is thrilled to be out and about at last.
Josh Horsley was born with spina bifida and hip dysplasia. On top of that, one of his legs is 5cms longer than the other.
It has meant the nine-year-old from Tewkesbury has had problems moving and could only look on while his friends enjoyed riding around on bikes.
Now though, things are looking up for Josh, who lives with his mum, Hayley, dad, Trevor and 12-year-old sister, Mollie, in Northway.
An operation in Gloucestershire Royal Hospital two years ago has reduced the chance of his hip slipping out of its socket and another operation, in Oxford a month ago, saw surgeons removed metal plates and screws that had been put in place.
And members of the community have rallied round to pay for a £2,400 tricycle that will help with his rehabilitation.
The trike, which was recommended by Josh's occupational therapist to help with his recovery and strengthen his muscle tone, was specially made by Hucclecote-based Tomcat.
It was paid for by Tewkesbury-based Emsea Ltd and Tewkesbury Rotary Club.
Hayley said the help with funding the trike could not have come at a better time.
“It had been a stressful week for everyone as we had just been told that Josh had to have an operation. When Tomcat's office manager, Jon Poole, called and told us about the very kind offer from Tewkesbury Rotary Club, and Emsea Ltd, I just burst into tears.
“It really was the most wonderful news we could have wished for. The trike is going to be an amazing part of Josh's recuperation and ongoing therapy after the operation.
“Thank you to both organisations for showing community spirit still exists.”
Before his latest operation, Josh had been in pain and had, at times, been confined to a wheelchair. The pain was so bad that he missed the last half of the summer term at Mitton Manor Primary School.
Now the youngster is feeling much better and loving riding the trike.
“It's brilliant. It means I can be like my friends at school,” he said.
Emsea director Chris Sweet said: “We have worked closely with Tomcat for many years, helping to design and manufacture parts and so we were thrilled to be offered the chance to make a very real difference to Josh's day-to-day life. We wish him every happiness with his new trike.”
The rotary club's secretary, Andrew Turner, said: “We are very pleased to be able to help Josh with the trike and look forward to seeing him out and about in the very near future.”
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — Summer is right around the corner and that means many people trying to get back into that working routine. But odds are it does not involve getting up early. Experts say the best way to ‘rise and grind' is eating right the night before.
the foods you eat will impact how you feel when you hit the gym the next day.
According to CNN, make it a point to eat – lean protein, veggies, healthy fats. that way – when you wake up you feel replenished and not groggy. a couple other tricks that can help you hit the gym in the morning. go to sleep earlier. pick a workout you're excited for.
find a workout buddy. and prepare and plan for the next day the night before.
For more tips on how to train yourself to become a morning exerciser click here.
1:29
AMBER, Blue and Silver Alerts: What you need to know
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of her two teenage sons
3:13
LYNCHBURG,Va. - Lynchburg's City Manager Bonnie Svrcek is putting together the city's budget for next year.
"Do they want to reduce their services? No. I don't either," Svrcek said.
Svrcek has a $184 million budget to work with. She's asked all city departments to submit requests that are 2 percent less than their current budget.
"Our revenues are flat or in some cases slightly declining. So I needed a menu of items to think about as I begin to put together my proposed budget," Svrcek said.
The big-ticket items are seven police officer positions, eight firefighters, a majority of Animal Control and all funding for city-sponsored events. Police Chief Raul Diaz says losing the Community Action Team is his only option.
"The reason for that is, the CAT team, while it is the tip of the spear and it is deeply in community building throughout our community, it's not a calls for-service unit," Diaz said.
Right now, these are only submissions and nothing is final. Come March 13, Svrcek will have to propose her final budget to City Council.
"These are the things that are real in the services we deliver to our citizens, and there will be consequences if I choose to take all or part of either eliminating recycling sites or eliminating the Community Action Team. Something has to give," Svrcek said.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
The treasurer of Arlington Lamar's football booster club was arrested Tuesday in Cleveland, charged with stealing nearly $20,000 from the club's bank account.
Shelly Marie Dwyer, 48, was arrested after Arlington police were called in last month to investigate missing funds — from tips, concession sales, pre-game meal sales and more — from the booster club, known as the Viking Club.
Board members had become suspicious about transactions and an internal audit showed that $19,077.59 was missing from the account, according to Arlington police.
Dwyer was arrested on a felony theft charge. It is not known why she was in Cleveland.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Bond was set at $3,500.
Booster clubs are nonprofit groups created to help a sports team or club at schools such as Lamar, located in north Arlington.
Members raise money for everything from football game concession sales to sports banquet ticket sales.
At Lamar, the money helps pay for everything from football equipment and player meals to coaching clinics and spirit wear.
Last month, Arlington police were called in to review a potential theft from this booster club, after booster board members learned that taxes for two quarters last year had not been paid by Dwyer, who took over as treasurer in March 2017, according to an arrest warrant affidavit.
Bryan Huggins, vice president of the Viking Club, told police they should have had around $10,000 in the bank account and instead had just around $1,700.
Huggins said he "found suspicious activity on the account, specifically unauthorized debit card use and cash withdrawal without a redeposit," the affidavit stated.
Bank records showed the unauthorized debit card had charges from American Airlines, Arlington Water Utilities, Sprint Wireless and the North Texas Humane Society. None of the businesses are associated with the Viking Club, according to the affidavit.
After board members asked Dwyer for information and financial records, she "admitted to the group that she had taken cash deposits (concessions and spirit wear sales) and kept them for personal use," the affidavit stated.
She also said she kept most of the cash tips students earned from working at last year's professional golf tournament at Colonial Country Club in Fort Worth.
"Ultimately, Dwyer estimated that she stole approximately $9,000," the warrant stated. "Dwyer stated that she was working on a way to pay back the money."
A few weeks later, board members determined that $19,077.59 had been stolen, according to the affidavit.
"Dwyer explained that she was selling her home and would possibly have $13,500 to repay the booster club," the warrant stated. "She was told by the board members that she would need to pay back the entire amount by 03/23/2018. Dwyer agreed and advised that she would be in contact with them."
On March 29, Dwyer sent a group text that included Huggins and he forwarded it to Arlington Detective Dominic Del Biaggio, according to the affidavit. In the text she said she had reached out to Lamar football coach Laban Delay.
The text read: " ... I have attempted several times this week to keep Coach Delay updated on the status of the repayment to the Booster Club. … I have $8000 ready as a payment today and another $1000 available tomorrow. … I know I have put you all in a difficult position, and I truly am taking every step I can to get this resolved.”
Booster officials broke down the theft of money into these categories:
▪ Personal cash withdrawl/debit card use — $2,960.70
▪ Membership sales — $485
▪ Colonial Golf tips — $1,240
▪ Pre-game meals — $1,472
▪ Car wash tips — $670
▪ Spirit clothes/items sales — $6,260.01
▪ Concession sales — $5,489.88
▪ Banquet ticket sales — $500
Requests for comment from Delay were not returned.
The Arlington school district released a statement explaining that the booster club is a "separate entity from the school and the Arlington ISD," according to Leslie Johnston, director of communications for the Arlington school district.
Staff writer Eric Zarate contributed to this report.
China's decade-long assistance to Africa has borne tangible results with thousands of kilometers of new railroads and dozens of ports, airports and power stations built due to Beijing's investment projects. According to some researchers, Africa may emerge as a new global powerhouse.
China has been facilitating Africa's rise as a potential "global manufacturing powerhouse," insists Irene Yuan Sun in a new book eloquently titled "The Next Factory of the World."
The book reveals how Beijing is now sharing its experience and best practices with the African continent, having transformed its own country into a production workshop over the past few decades.
According to research from the Russian International Affairs Council (RIAC), China has become the main trade partner of African countries since 2009. While in 2000 the total turnover between China and African states amounted to just $10 billion, the figure skyrocketed to $220 billion by 2014.
© AFP 2018 / WANG ZHAO China Winning Over US, Europe in the Global Race for Africa – Analysts
In 2017 China came out on top in providing loans to African countries with its total amount exceeding $100 billion. Beijing's major partners in the area of direct and portfolio investments are Egypt, Nigeria, Algeria, South Africa, Ethiopia, DRC, Zambia, Angola, Morocco, Niger, Cameroon, Chad and some other countries, the RIAC study says.
Observers single out the China-Africa Development Fund, more commonly known as the CAD Fund, which was created and funded by the state-owned China Development Bank in 2006 and became operational in 2007.
Unlike other aid agencies of the People's Republic of China (PRC), instead of providing loans the fund carries out direct investments in Africa through co-financing of Chinese and foreign company projects on the African continent. The CAD Fund provides one-third of the funding required for a project, acting as a passive investor.
Over the last 10 years, the institution has invested about $3.2 billion in 91 projects in 36 African states.
According to 2017 data, African countries annually produce 11,000 trucks, 300,000 air conditioners, 540,000 refrigerators, 390,000 TV sets and 1.6 million tons of cement within the framework of the CAD Fund's initiatives.
© AFP 2018 / SIMON MAINA Kenya Railways attendants from China upon arrival from Mombasa in a train launched to operate on the Standard Gauge Railway (SGR) on May 31, 2017 in Nairobi.
Although the fund does not publish data on its specific endeavors, RIAC suggested that it participates in energy and infrastructural projects, industrial production, extractions and the processing of natural resources and agriculture.
Over the last decade, the PRC took part in the construction of more than 100 industrial zones, 40 percent of which have already become operational. Moreover, 5,756 km of railways , 4,335 km of motorways, nine ports, 14 airports, 34 power stations, as well as 10 large and about 1,000 small hydroelectric power stations were built in Africa by the end of 2016 due to China's assistance.
China's railway projects in Africa are largely regarded as a game changer that could help boost political integration in the region.
As Nikolai Shcherbakov, an analyst at the Center for African Studies of the Institute of General History of the Russian Academy of Sciences (RAS), told Sputnik in December 2017: "It is quite risky to invest in any production in Africa, including the construction of railways, [but] the Chinese are taking this risk."
The analyst opined that China had become nothing short of "a gift bestowed from heaven" for Africa.
While the figures related to China's development assistance to Africa released by Beijing appear to be relatively low, a US research institute, the Center for Global Development, revealed that in 2000-2016, Beijing's aid was in fact much higher than what was declared officially. Actually, it almost reached the level of the US — $75 billion — if one takes into account the country's projects in the field of health, education and culture.
Shedding light on the country's work on the African continent the Chinese media usually emphasize Beijing's non-interference principle as a cornerstone of its diplomacy.
"China and Africa are a closely allied community with a shared future," People's Daily writes. "The cooperation is between two brothers. No matter how the international situation or world economy may evolve, there is no weakening in China's support for Africa."
Following the decline of the Western-led colonial strategy, China has apparently found a new way in dealing with the prospective continent by investing into Africa's future.
The UK's leading meningitis charity is calling for those who have suffered from the viral form of the disease to ‘Make Viral Visible' to help dispel myths and misconceptions that it is not dangerous.
Meningitis Now's fifth annual Viral Meningitis Week, between May 1 and 7, seeks to raise awareness to inform the public, health professionals and employers about the true impact of the disease and the long-term problems it can bring.
Expert opinion suggests up to 6,000 people each year across the UK suffer from viral meningitis, an infection that causes inflammation of the membranes that surround the brain and the spinal cord. The majority of cases happen during the warmer months.
Symptoms of viral meningitis can include a severe headache, a dislike of bright lights, neck stiffness, nausea, vomiting and confusion. The disease can affect anyone of any age.
Meningitis Now is urging anyone concerned about viral meningitis to seek medical help.
Research carried out by the charity details the far-reaching impact of viral meningitis, often dismissed as a less serious disease than bacterial meningitis.
Debilitating after-effects were just as likely to affect people's day-to-day activities as were those from bacterial meningitis, turning their emotional and economic lives upside down and stealing their ability to learn, play and work.
After-effects include exhaustion, headaches, memory loss, depression, anxiety and hearing difficulties. Many sufferers have to take long periods off education or work, and struggle with the day-to-day tasks that most people take for granted.
The charity has pledged to continue to raise awareness about viral meningitis and provide support for sufferers, including access to complementary therapies. It is also looking to provide e-learning materials for pharmacists, encourage healthcare professionals to carry out follow-up appointments and develop further research.
Viral meningitis cannot be treated with antibiotics. Rehydration, painkillers and plenty of rest are the best remedy.
Most people will make a full recovery but the process can be slow. The majority of sufferers no longer experience after-effects six months after their illness, but for some the effects can be lifelong.
Mark Hunt, director of communications and marketing at Meningitis Now, said: “It's vital that everybody understands how serious viral meningitis can be and seek the support they need.”
Visit www.meningitisnow.org or contact the helpline on 0808 80 10 388 or helpline@meningitisnow.org
Mumbai came up with the lowest Powerplay score of IPL 2018 on Tuesday when they scored 22/3 in six overs against Hyderabad at the Wankhede Stadium.
Chasing 119 to win, Mumbai lost Evin Lewis, Ishan Kishan and captain Rohit Sharma inside the first six overs to leave the Mumbai innings in bad shape.
West Indian Lewis was removed by Sandeep Sharma for 5 in the third over and then off the last ball of the fourth over Afghanistan's Mohammad Nabi accounted for Ishan Kishan (0). Rohit (2) fell in the last over of the Powerplay bowled by Bangladesh's Shakib Al Hasan as he found Shikhar Dhawan in the slips.
CSK's 27/1 against SRH was the previous lowest Powerplay score in IPL 2018.
Earlier in the day, SRH put up the worst batting show of the season when MI bundled them out for 118 in 18.4 overs.
Before this, the lowest total in this season belonged to RR, who had scored 125/9 against SRH.
Mitchell McClenaghan (2/22) triggered the collapse with two wickets in the second over of the SRH innings, after Rohit had won the toss and asked the visitors to bat.
Mayank Markande once again was the pick of the MI bowlers with figures of 2/15. Hardik Pandya (2/20) also took two wickets, while Mustafizur Rahman and Jasprit Bumrah chipped in with one wicket apiece. The effort got Markande back in possession of the Purple Cap with 10 wickets.
SRH captain Kane Williamson (29 off 21) and Yusuf Pathan (29 off 33) were the only batsmen who put up some resistance before falling to Hardik and Rahman, respectively.
SRH never recovered from the top-order collapse in the Powerplay triggered by MI's New Zealand recruit McClenaghan, who struck twice in his first over.
Richmond's Jack Riewoldt celebrates his goal in the fourth quarter. Pic: Michael Klein
Richmond's Jack Riewoldt celebrates his goal in the fourth quarter. Pic: Michael Klein
SCORING in the AFL is at a 50-year low right now.
That trend is only one of many reasons why Richmond deserve to be a clear-cut favourite to claim back-to-back premierships.
The Tigers defend the 'G better than any other team, where they have now won 11 consecutive games and conceded less than 100 points from their past 21 games.
It's not a Geelong-style squeeze at Kardinia Park or an old-school Sydney-style strangle at the SCG.
It is simply a pressure gamestyle where they hunt, swarm and harass teams into making mistakes.
Unless Collingwood and Essendon pile on a scoring bonanza on Anzac Day, the first five rounds of 2018 will be the stingiest since 1968.
Richmond's Jack Higgins booted three to spark his team. Pic: Michael Klein
Jake Melksham kicked four and kept Alex Rance honest. Pic: Michael Klein
That bodes well for Tigers coach Damien Hardwick, who labelled defence his "one-wood" this week.
On Tuesday night the Tigers kept Melbourne to just eight goals at the MCG. Last week they kept Brisbane Lions to just two goals at the MCG.
Dimma said he hates getting scored against and that's why he is in heaven at the home of football, where the Tigers have leaked an average of just 66 points from their past 18 matches.
You're not going to lose many matches conceding those scores.
The Demons won the territory battle in the first quarter and amassed 19 inside 50s. They had one goal to show for it - a fluky right-foot Jake Melksham snap.
For all the talk of Richmond's maniacal forward pressure, it is time to focus on how hot it is further up the field.
Tigers skipper Trent Cotchin got the crowd roaring with this speccy over James Harmes. Pic: Michael Klein
Cotchin also did the hard stuff. Pic: Getty Images
Trent Cotchin took a defensive hanger over James Harmes but it was his ferocious defensive work which was more important.
It appeared the emotional response, which turbocharged Western Bulldogs, Essendon and Adelaide to recent wins, might have electrocuted Melbourne early in the second half.
Clayton Oliver collected 13 disposals and five clearances in the third quarter as the Demons finally kicked consecutive goals, through Jesse Hogan and Jeff Garlett.
But after 18 minutes of dominance they had only outscored Richmond by eight points as Jack Riewoldt erupted the Tigers' crowd with his first goal.
The Tigers, again, had absorbed, steadied and countered as the contest suddenly sizzled.
Harmes cut the margin to just 13 points in the last quarter and then, whoosh.
Dustin Martin didn't reach his usual heights but provided some trademark ‘don't argue'. Picture: Michael Klein
Richmond sliced through six of the next seven majors in an all-too familiar scoring blitz against Simon Goodwin's side.
These clubs are now 2-2 on Anzac eve and the split of the 77,071 fans would've gone home in vastly different mindframes.
Melbourne's supporters were understandably frustrated. Another big game, and another big let down.
Jake Lever played his best game for the season, Jesse Hogan and Jake Melksham combined for 6.2 and Max Gawn dominated against premiership Tiger Toby Nankervis, even if Melbourne's midfield didn't cash in.
Jake Lever was solid for the Demons. Pic: Michael Klein
But flat patches either side of quarter-time, and then a stinker in the last, denied them a serious shot at winning.
At 2-3 it is fair to question whether 2018 is the year Melbourne will actually take a step forward.
As for the Tigers? They are 4-1 and on top of the ladder with Josh Caddy and Nick Vlastuin likely to return on Sunday and Daniel Rioli not far behind.
They play the MCG - the Grand Final venue for the next 40 years - better than anyone else and know they got it done here last year.
They couldn't be any better positioned than that.
Michael Hibberd crashes to the turf. Pic: Getty Images
Hibberd shows the effects of his fall. Pic: Getty Images
LIVE stream every match of every round of the 2018 Toyota AFL Premiership Season on FOX SPORTS. Get your free 2-week trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
WIMBLEDON — Caroline Wozniacki dealt with a swarm of flying insects on Wimbledon's Court No. 1, enough drizzle for her to briefly wonder if conditions were safe, as well as two mid-match breaks from her opponent, unseeded Russian Ekaterina Makarova. The No. 2 seed, who has never gotten past the round of 16 here, was again having a very bad day.
Despite an impressive rally down 5-1 in the third set, Wozniacki is once again making an early exit with a 6-4, 1-6, 7-5 second-round loss to Makarova.
Makarova may have been unseeded, but Wozniacki is familiar with enough with her, having lost to her in the second round of last year's U.S. Open. Sensing a pattern?
Before winning the Australian Open this year, Wozniacki has at times underperformed at Grand Slams. And it's not just an issue on the grass, since last week Wozniacki won the title on the same surface at Eastbourne.
For whatever reason, flies, history, disappointment or rain, Wozniacki wasn't in the mood to compliment Makarova afterwards.
“It's frustrating because I feel like I could have gone and done something really great here,” Wozniacki said. “For her to keep this level, I would be very surprised if you saw her go far. But with someone playing like this today, I really did what I could. It just wasn't enough.”
Makarova, who advances to face Lucie Safarova in the third, smiled when told of Wozniacki's sharp-edged comment. Not go far?
“I don't know what to say,” Makarova started. “Maybe I was lucky today. Good for me.”
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
As the evening rain arrived on the third day of Wimbledon, half of the women's top 10 seeded players were out. Wozniacki joined No. 4 Sloane Stephens, No. 5 Elina Svitolina, No. 6 Caroline Garcia and No. 8 Petra Kvitova among the vanquished.
Two players who continue to win are No. 25 Serena and No. 9 Venus Williams.
“Everyone is playing hard,” Serena Williams said of the losses at the top. “No one is going out there and saying, ‘Oh, I have to lose because I'm playing so-and-so today.' These women are going out there and they're fighting. They're coming out to show that, I belong out here.”
It's hard to overstate how important a serve is on a slippery service like grass. Serena Williams hadn't tested her serve since the French Open before Wimbledon started. It was a protective strategy — she wanted to give her injured pectoral muscle time to rest. Although Williams' serve was slower, it wasn't that far off her best. As fast as 116 mph, Williams deftly set up points in a 6-1, 6-4 win over 23-year-old qualifier Viktoriya Tomova.
Tomova had played five straight matches between the qualifying match and her second-round loss to the No. 25 Williams, and technically Tomova has a higher ranking on the tour.
Despite the score, Tomova played some impressive points, and at the net Williams put her arm on her shoulder and gave her some words of encouragement.
It was a gesture that Venus Williams also made after defeating qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru, 4-6, 6-0, 6-1. It was one of four women's matches to play on show courts Court No. 1 and Centre Court on Wednesday, a significant difference for WTA players who have been disappointed by the prominence traditionally given the men's game here.
“I was really overjoyed when I saw the schedule for today,” Venus Williams said. “We have a lot of equal play on the main courts in the other three Grand Slams. It was just fantastic to see Wimbledon also follow suit. It's wonderful to hopefully have that continue.”
HALIFAX - Nova Scotia's newly re-elected Liberal government will unveil its cabinet today.
Premier Stephen McNeil has a smaller slate of possibilities to choose from than he did in 2013, with the Liberals reduced to a slim majority of 27 seats in the 51-seat legislature.
McNeil will have to find replacements for three portfolios, after former justice minister and deputy premier Diana Whalen didn't seek re-election and the defeat of former energy minister Michel Samson and community services minister Joanne Bernard in the May 30 election.
The cabinet had 17 members including the premier before the election was called.
In addition to qualifications, McNeil will have to consider a number of factors in making his selections including diversity, gender, and regional representation.
The cabinet will be sworn in during a ceremony at Pier 21 on the Halifax waterfront.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The stakes confronting Republicans determined to dismantle President Barack Obama's health care law were evident in one recent encounter between an Ohio congressman and a constituent.
“He said, ‘Now you guys own it. Now fix it. It's on your watch now,'” recalled GOP Rep. Pat Tiberi, chairman of a pivotal health subcommittee. “And this is a supporter.”
Republicans have unanimously opposed Obama's law since Democrats muscled it through Congress in 2010. They've tried derailing it scores of times but have failed, stymied by internal divisions and Obama's veto power.
With the Republicans controlling Congress and Donald Trump entering the White House on Jan. 20, their mantra of repeal and replace is now a top-tier goal that the party's voters fully expect them to achieve — starting this week.
Advertisement
But by unwinding the statute, the GOP would kill or recast programs that provide coverage to 20 million Americans who will be wary of anyone threatening their health insurance. And continuing Republican rifts over how to reshape the law, pay for the replacement and avoid destabilizing health insurance markets mean party leaders have a bumpy path ahead.
___
Q: What's first?
A: When the new Congress convenes Tuesday, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., has said his chamber will begin debating a bare-bones budget for next year. Most significantly, that would trigger a special procedure letting Republicans repeal much of Obama's law by a simple Senate majority.
That's big because GOP senators will have only a 52-48 edge. The debate will also be a way for Republicans to signal quickly to voters that they're starting to erase the law, even as they save actually doing it for later.
___
Q: And then?
A: Lawmakers will work on legislation actually repealing much of Obama's law.
The legislation is likely to erase the mandate that people buy insurance or face hefty IRS fines, which Republicans despise. Also facing elimination or reductions: taxes Obama imposed on upper-income people to finance the law, subsidies that help millions afford health care and the expansion of Medicaid health coverage to more lower-earning people. Federal aid to Planned Parenthood would be halted, reflecting GOP opposition to the right to abortion, one of the women's health services provided by the organization.
They hope to pass the bill by late spring, but its provisions probably won't take effect for up to four years to give lawmakers time to craft a replacement.
This won't be easy. Many congressional Republicans are from states like Arizona, Nevada and Pennsylvania that have added about 10 million people to Medicaid and will oppose abandoning so many voters. Others will be nervous about voting to repeal the overall law without having replacement legislation to show constituents.
Republicans also worry that during the transition to a new system, health insurers — already struggling in some states — might protect themselves by leaving some markets and boosting premiums. To ease that, GOP aides say they're considering including some kind of stabilization fund in the repeal bill to protect insurers against losses. That remains a work in progress.
___
Q: Will the 20 million people now covered lose their benefits?
A: Some probably will, a byproduct of reducing Medicaid coverage and dropping the requirement that individuals buy insurance.
That could be partly offset by some who'd purchase less expensive policies because the bill will probably let insurers drop coverage for some of the 10 services they now must provide, such as outpatient care and pregnancies.
At a briefing for reporters, top House GOP aides said the goal is “universal access” to health benefits, as opposed to aiming for coverage of all Americans. They said Obama's law ended up with many policies that are too expensive and offer limited access to doctors, but the shift in focus to “access” suggests Republicans don't want to be measured by the number of people actually covered.
The Senate's new minority leader, Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said recently that repealing Obama's law without a replacement would mean “huge calamity from one end of America to the other.”
House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady, R-Texas, called claims that 20 million people will lose coverage a “big lie.” He said Republicans will provide “an adequate transition period to give people piece of mind.”
___
Q: What about the replacement legislation?
A: Its ingredients remain unclear.
Trump, who's been vague, has proposed tax breaks to help people afford insurance, letting insurers sell policies across state lines and freeing states to decide how to spend Medicaid dollars.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., has offered similar ideas plus transforming Medicare into a system that offers subsidies for buying policies. He'd tax — for the first time — the most expensive employer-provided health benefits.
The GOP effort might involve several bills, with Republicans pushing measures through Congress as they're ready. And it will probably take years, which would put political pressure on the GOP.
“The American people will want to see change overnight,” said Rep. Kristi Noem, R-S.D.
* Global Assets in 2017 reut.rs/2ne9sjH
* World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
* EM stocks in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2hn5N02
* EM currencies in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2hniYya
* EM bonds tmsnrt.rs/2ih2QQ9
By Marc Jones
LONDON, March 30 Emerging markets have had a stellar start to the year, with equities delivering world-beating returns in the first 2017 quarter and the Mexican peso topping currency gains with a 10 percent bounce against the dollar.
There have been the odd laggard - Turkey has seen the lira slump and some Latin American commodity plays have retreated as oil prices have toppled back again - but for the most part it has been a bumper few months.
"We have been in an unloved asset class for a long time and because we had good year last year a lot of people are now coming back in," said Aberdeen Asset Management EM portfolio manager Viktor Szabo.
As this Reuters checklist shows tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh Mexico's peso has recouped almost all ground it lost after Donald Trump's U.S. election. Other strong emerging currency performers so far this year includes the rouble and the zloty.
The FX tailwinds have helped MSCI's emerging equity index rise a tidy 13 percent, outperforming developed peers.
The strongest performers have been Polish stocks, having risen 20 percent in dollar terms after years of underperformance, helped by a 6-percent jump in the zloty .
Chilean, Mexican, Indian, Chinese, Brazilian and Turkish stocks have taken off, climbing somewhere between 18 and 10 percent in dollar terms. tmsnrt.rs/2hn5N02
Bonds denominated in emerging currencies have also had a blinder returning 7 percent as major economies like Brazil have chopped down interest rates, the global growth outlook has improved and investors' worries have stayed largely dormant.
That compares to a paltry 0.8 percent for U.S. Treasuries and just 1.4 percent for German Bunds reut.rs/2ne9sjH
"Some of the concerns around the policies of the new Trump administration, on trade and on China, have not been put to rest necessarily but they have been mitigated some what," said PIMCO emerging market portfolio manager Yacov Arnopolin.
"A stabilisation of China's economy and the renminbi has also been a positive," he added, saying it had created something of a "virtuous cycle".
Emerging sovereign dollar bonds have returned 4 percent, led by an 8 percent gain by Egypt after it secured an IMF deal late last year. Even South Africa has rallied strongly despite worries about the future of its finance minister and investment grade sovereign credit rating.
NEXT QUARTER BACK?
The coming few months have plenty in store, starting with a meeting between U.S. and Chinese presidents Donald Trump and Xi Jinping next week that will set the tone on issues from trade protectionism and currency manipulation to North Korea.
Czech central bankers hope to avoid Swiss franc-style chaos as they remove their 27-per-euro cap on the crown, Indonesia could be lifted to investment grade by S&P not to mention Turkey voting on U.S.-like presidential powers for Tayyip Erodogan.
PIMCO's Arnopolin says EM is looking "in pretty decent shape on a cyclical horizon" and is likely to be less volatile than some of world's developed markets, but others sense the recent pace of the rally may require a breather.
Brazilian oil and mining giant's Petrobras and Vale have already seen near 20 percent corrections from their peaks of the year.
The IMF is expected to downgrade growth forecasts for large parts of Latin America and Reuters data shows there are currently twice as many puts - or bearish bets - on the iShares MSCI Emerging Markets exchange-traded fund, as bullish ones. here
What's more, asset correlations have started to break down, most notably in the dollar's inverse relationship with commodities. Normally, a rising dollar means lower commodity prices, and vice versa. But both have fallen in recent weeks.
"We are at a crucial stage of this EM rally now, said Rabobank's Matys.
"What is really vital though is that the Trump administration provide some concrete details on its big fiscal plans. Promises and pledges are not enough any more."
(Reporting by Marc Jones; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
In this short episode number 62, we do our regular check in with Henry Olsen, the Obi-Wan Kenobi of election analysts. We cover the fallout from the special election in House district 18 in Pennsylvania, how the tariff issue might play out, what to expect in the aftermath of the recent chaotic Italian election, plus a look ahead to November, including some of the key governor's races like Bruce Rauner in Illinois. And finally, is there any hope for Republicans in California? To find out, you'll have to listen to the end.
As always, and if you haven't already, please subscribe to Power Line in iTunes (and leave a 5-star review, please!), or by RSS feed.
P.S. This episode is once again sponsored by Mancrates, purveyors of “awesome gifts for men.” Want to know how awesome? Look at what came with my grilling crate from Mancrates—this is my kind of multi-purpose grilling tool:
Researchers from the Graphene Flagship have predicted and demonstrated a giant spin anisotropy in graphene, paving the way for new spintronic logic devices.
The strong collaborative ethos of the Graphene Flagship is accelerating developments in new technologies based on graphene - the single-atom-thick allotrope of carbon - and related materials (GRMs) such as transition metal dichalcogenides (TMDCs).
Graphene's excellent tuneable electronic properties make it an ideal material for spintronics applications. Leading the way in three recent papers, Flagship researchers have shown that GRMs can be combined to produce an unprecedented spin lifetime anisotropy, essential for furthering spintronics - electronic circuits and devices based on the manipulation of electron spins. The papers were published almost simultaneously in Physical Review Letters, Nano Letters and Nature Physics.
"These results represent a first step to achieving direct electric-field tuning of the propagation of spins in graphene," said ICREA Prof. Sergio O. Valenzuela, a researcher at the Catalan Institute of Nanoscience and Nanotechnology (ICN2; Spain), and an author of the experimental results in Nature Physics. "A graphene-TMDC structure responds as a spin filter with a transmission determined by the orientation of the spins that reach it, allowing detection of small orientation changes."
The prediction and rapid verification of this previously unknown spin-lifetime anisotropy regime would not have been possible without close cooperation between the research teams, working at Graphene Flagship partner institutes ICN2, the University of Groningen (the Netherlands), and the University of Regensburg (Germany). Engaged as part of the Flagship's dedicated Spintronics work package, the teams maintain close relationships and determine common goals, benefitting from the Flagship's unique approach to collaborative, interdisciplinary research.
"This is a nice example of how the Flagship makes it possible to make progress by a combination of challenging science and technology, collaborations, and a fruitful interaction between theory and experiment," said co-author Prof. Bart van Wees (University of Groningen), leader of the Spintronics Work Package. "After our 'proof of principle' the next challenge will be to demonstrate and apply our findings in spintronic devices based on large scale graphene and related materials."
"The Flagship's Spintronics Work Package demonstrates excellence in covering the innovation value chain in spintronic, from novel theoretical concept to fast experimental prototypes, on the way towards disruptive spin device technologies," added ICREA Prof. Stephan Roche (ICN2), deputy of the Spintronics Work Package and co-author of the article that predicted the spin anisotropy phenomenon. "I think this is the first time that a ground-breaking theoretical prediction is confirmed experimentally so shortly after its publication. In a sense it reflects the acceleration process allowed by the Flagship concept."
Spintronics is particularly interesting for quantum computing and new kinds of fast and efficient memory storage. Like electronics, spintronics relies on the generation and manipulation of currents. However, in the case of spintronics, the currents are formed from the transport of the electrons' spins - the intrinsic electron angular momentum with no equivalent in classical physics. In graphene devices, an electron's spin can be easily injected either parallel or perpendicular to the plan of the graphene layer.
The new research shows that spin transport in graphene can be strongly influenced by proximity effects in heterostructures of graphene and TMDCs, such as molybdenum disulphide and tungsten disulphide. Through inter-layer coupling, the behaviours of the parallel and perpendicular spin orientations in graphene is dramatically altered, leading to an anisotropic spin relaxation from one to several orders of magnitude.
Spin relaxation is the process by which an electron's spin loses its initial polarization and becomes random, leading to the disappearance of spin information signal. This research provides the ability to control the lifetime of different spin orientations in graphene - a key element needed for spintronic logic devices and applications.
Prof. Andrea C. Ferrari, Science and Technology Officer of the Graphene Flagship, and Chair of its Management Panel, added "Besides being a significant step forward towards the possible application of graphene and related materials in spintronics, these papers show the added value of the collaborative environment established by the Graphene Flagship. They also constitute a bridge towards the newly announced Quantum Flagship."
###
Strongly anisotropic spin relaxation in graphene-transition metal dichalcogenide heterostructures at room temperature, L. Antonio Benítez, Juan F. Sierra, Williams Savero Torres, Aloïs Arrighi, Frédéric Bonell, Marius V. Costache, Sergio O. Valenzuela, Nature Physics (2017) DOI: 10.1038/s41567-017-0019-2
Large Proximity-Induced Spin Lifetime Anisotropy in Transition-Metal Dichalcogenide/Graphene Heterostructures, T. S. Ghiasi, J. Ingla-Aynés, A. A. Kaverzin, B. J. van Wees, Nano Letters (2017) DOI: 10.1021/acs.nanolett.7b03460
Giant Spin Lifetime Anisotropy in Graphene Induced by Proximity Effects, A. W. Cummings, J. H. Garcia, J. Fabian, S. Roche, Physical Review Letters, DOI: 10.1103/PhysRevLett.119.206601
Uh-Oh!
We can't find a newsday subscription associated with this login information.
You can use either an Optimum or Newsday login by clicking the ‘Connect Account' button and verifying your subscription information.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's important to know what we eat is clean, whether we decide to cook ourselves a delicious meal, or when we seek others to make it for us.
When we buy food, we expect a certain level of hygiene to be maintained - so we know we're going to stay healthy.
Unfortunately, however, there are places in Cambridge that have not reached that standard.
We've decided to list the restaurants in Cambridge with the lowest ratings.
What is a Food Hygiene rating?
The scheme helps consumers choose where to eat or shop for food by giving information about the hygiene standards in restaurants, pubs, cafés, takeaways, hotels, bakeries, supermarkets and food shops.
Following an inspection each place is given a score ranging from zero to five.
These are then made publicly available by the Food Standards Agency (FSA).
Five means the business has 'very good' hygiene standards, four means 'good', three means 'generally satisfactory', two means 'improvement necessary', one means 'major improvement necessary' while a score of zero signifies 'urgent improvement' is needed.
The rating is decided based on three elements looked at during an inspection:
How hygienically the food is prepared, cooked, re-heated, cooled and stored.
The cleanliness, layout, lighting and ventilation of the building.
How the business manages what it does to make sure food is safe.
We picked out the cafés in Cambridge with the lowest food hygiene ratings.
Colala
One-star food hygiene rating
Address: 62 Cherry Hinton Road
Last inspection: June 2016
Manager of the Chinese restaurant, Chao Wang, said: "That rating was two years ago. We have made improvements.
"The city council's last visit was April 2017. The inspector said he would be back in November last year.
"We are still waiting for them to visit.
"[When we got a bad rating], I wasn't in when they did the inspection. I was on holiday, so they didn't know what to do."
The overview on Tripadvisor is four stars out of five, with 32 reviews.
39 per cent describe the food as excellent, 37 per cent as very good, while 12 per cent say it was poor and 12 per cent say it is terrible.
Chopstix Noodle Bar
One-star food hygiene rating
Address: 16 Market Street
Last inspection: September 7, 2016
The areas inspected by the food safety officer included hygienic food handling, cleanliness and condition of facilities and building, and management of food safety.
Among those, food handling was deemed satisfactory and cleanliness is described as good.
But management of food safety - ranked on the system or checks in place to ensure food sold or served is safe to eat - required major improvement by the officer.
We contacted Chopstix for a comment prior to publication, but the company did not respond.
Cyprus Kebab
One-star food hygiene rating
Address: 62 Cherry Hinton Road
Last inspection: February 28, 2017
The fast-food takeaway joint was inspected last year, and was found to require improvements in all areas.
Hygienic food handling needed an improvement, cleanliness and condition of facilities required an improvement, while the management of food safety necessitated a major improvement.
Cyprus Kebab has 662 reviews on Just Eat, with an average overall score of five out of six stars.
Charlie, the director of the company, said: "What happened last year was that, on the day, we didn't have any hot water.
"So they gave us a one-star rating because of hot water.
"We were told that if we wanted a re-inspection we needed to pay £200."
Moghul Tandoori
One-star food hygiene rating
Address: 182 Sturton Street
Last inspection: December 15, 2016
The Indian takeaway has 479 reviews on Just Eat, where the average number of people voted five stars out of six.
The company was contacted for comment.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
DURBAN - African Bank Holdings (ABH) said yesterday that it had grown its retail deposits by 90percent to R689million in the six months to end March by actively diversifying its funding base.
The bank said this retail deposit base now comprised more than 13000 depositors with an average deposit of just more than R52000, constituting 3percent of the funding for the bank. The bank strives to offer the best rates across the investment curve, including 10.5percent nominal annual compounded annually rate for its 5-year fixed-term product.
Chief executive Basani Maluleke said the bank had made good progress on their strategy to right-size and modernise the branch network and digitise the business.
“The growth in both our lending and retail deposit books, coupled with the launch of our 'My World' transactional banking product to our staff are strong indicators of the execution of our strategy. As the competitive landscape intensifies, we believe we have the right team to deliver acceptable returns to all our stakeholders and real value to our target market,” Maluleke said.
ABH is an unlisted, registered bank controlling company under the Banks Act. The shares in ABH are privately held by the South African Reserve Bank, the Government Employees' Pension Fund, Barclays Africa Group, Capitec Bank, FirstRand Bank, Investec Bank, Nedbank and Standard Bank.
During the period, the group produced a 42percent increase in net profit before tax and foreign exchange losses to R715m, up from R501m as compared to last year. It said the increase was primarily due to a lower credit impairment charge as a result of a generally lower credit risk appetite and better collections, an increase in insurance profit and lower net interest charge due to debt buy backs.
Contained
Operating costs for the period were well contained, edging only 4percent higher to R1.27billion, primarily as a result of a 3percent increase in core costs and spend on the transactional banking roll out.
African Bank increased its new loan and card business by 9percent to R4.79bn, up from R4.41bn and it continued to focus on lower risk customers, disbursing more than 80percent of all advances to this group.
“These customers typically qualify for larger loans over longer terms. These disbursements continue to show better risk emergence. Evidence of better credit risk emergence can be seen in the impairment loss ratio improving to 11.1percent from 13.8percent as compared to the first half of 2017,” the group said.
The bank said 33percent of all loans issued during the period were offered to new customers, up from 28percent as compared to last year. Cash reserves, including surplus liquid assets as at the end of March 2018 amounted to R8.6bn.
ABH's subsidiary African Bank Limited also posted 48.19percent increase in operating profit to R123m, up from R83m as compared to last year.
- BUSINESS REPORT
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on Trump and reaction to the shooting of House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (all times local):
11:45 a.m.
President Donald Trump says the assailant in the congressional shooting has died from his injuries.
Trump said Wednesday morning that the gunman who shot Rep. Steve Scalise, of Louisiana, had died. The assailant has been identified as James T. Hodgkinson.
Scalise was shot at a congressional baseball practice just outside of Washington. Officials said several other people were also wounded. Trump said Scalise “was badly wounded and is now in stable condition.”
Trump praised the “heroic actions” of the Capital Police at the scene.
____
11:43 a.m.
President Donald Trump says he has spoken to Rep. Steve Scalise's wife, Jennifer, to offer his support to the family.
Trump calls Scalise, the House majority whip, a very good friend and says he is a fighter and a patriot.
Trump offers his own prayers to the Scalise family, and says the entire world is also praying for them.
____
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana was shot Wednesday at a congressional baseball practice, congressional officials say.
BREAKING: Rep. Steve Scalise, multiple aides shot at Congressional baseball practice. pic.twitter.com/BECtQ9ajZq — Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 14, 2017
Sen. Jeff Flake says the gunman had “a rifle of some sort” and “a lot of ammo.”
Flake says Scalise was playing second base at a congressional baseball practice when he was shot by a man standing off the third-base side of the field. He says Scalise dragged himself into the outfield to get farther away from the shooting.
Several other people were wounded, including a congressional staff member and law enforcement personnel.
Kansas First District Rep. Roger Marshall is a member of the GOP team and confirmed in a text message and on social media that he was safe. He was not in attendance at the practice.
I am alright. Please pray with me this morning. — Dr. Roger Marshall (@RogerMarshallMD) June 14, 2017
In an email statement Marshall said:
This morning was one of just a handful of practices I haven't made it to. Thank you for the many who have asked about me and offered support.
Steve Scalise is the leader of our team in so many ways. Whether it is on the baseball field, the House floor, or in life, he is always encouraging, motivating and supporting his Members and teammates. Just two days ago, Steve and I were riding together to an event at the Secretary of the Interior's office, enjoying each other's company. He is a terrific friend and father, and his wife and two kids are in my prayers.
There were staff and Police seriously injured. I want to ask for prayers for them and their families.
This – at a baseball practice, no less – is an insult to America, our way of live and our ability to put politics aside and enjoy a pastime to benefit charity.
I ask that each of you join me in praying for my good friend, Steve Scalise, and the staff and Capitol Police who were injured. I don't have any other information at this time, but I ask for your continued prayers for those injured and their families.
The coward who did this will not win in any way. Though shaken, we are not deterred in our mission to turn this country in a better direction.
Both @POTUS & @VP are aware of the developing situation in Virginia. Our thoughts and prayers are with all affected. — Sean Spicer (@PressSec) June 14, 2017
Shocked & saddened by this AM's shooting, praying for all impacted. Thankful for efforts of those working to keep Congress & staff safe. — Jerry Moran (@JerryMoran) June 14, 2017
My heart goes out to my colleague @SteveScalise, staff, security detail & the @CapitolPolice. Praying for everyone's safety & recovery. — Pat Roberts (@SenPatRoberts) June 14, 2017
Thankful for the bravery of US Capitol Police. Praying for my friend @SteveScalise and others who were hurt at this morning's practice. — Rep. Kevin Yoder (@RepKevinYoder) June 14, 2017
Sending all of my prayers to @SteveScalise, his staffers, and our Capitol police this morning. https://t.co/sUY528Md5m — Lynn Jenkins (@RepLynnJenkins) June 14, 2017
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Do you know how new laws and regulations being brought in this year will impact on you?
The gender pay gap may be top of the news agenda this week with the row over the BBC, but that's not the only new law likely to hit the headlines in 2018.
All eyes may be on Brexit but that doesn't mean will not see any new domestic legislation to changes to the rules.
From maternity leave for grandparents to changes to the MOT, don't be caught out or miss out.
Our colleagues at the Manchester Evening News have done a round up of the new laws, regulations and changes which are expected to come into force soon.
(Image: PA Wire)
Gender Pay Gap data will be revealed
For the first time ever, employers with at least 250 employees have to publish information about the differences in pay between men and women in their workforce,
The first reports must be published by 4 April 2018.
This is part of the government's pledge to eliminate the pay disparities between men and women in the UK.
New drone laws
Drones - unmanned aircraft - are becoming increasingly regulated amid health and safety fears.
In 2018, the UK government is introducing new laws which mean users will need to take a basic online safety test and register their drone in order to lawfully use it.
Police will also be able to search and seize drones if they have grounds for suspicion. The test has been described as ‘similar to a driving theory test.'
Banks will freeze illegal immigrants' accounts
Part of Theresa May's pledge to create a ‘hostile environment' for illegal immigrants in Britain, banks will carry out immigration checks on 70m accounts from January 2018.
The checks will happen four times a year and banks will freeze the assets of illegal immigrants.
The Home Office expects the checks will identify 6,000 failed asylum seekers and visa overstayers.
However, the plans have attracted criticism as it is feared people who have legitimately settled in the UK will be affected.
Minimum Energy Performance Ratings
From 1st April 2018, there will be a requirement for any privately rented properties to have a minimum energy performance rating of E.
The government has announced it will be unlawful to rent out a property which breaches this minimum rating.
A civil penalty of up to £4,000 will be imposed for landlords who do - meaning properties which fall in the F or G category will no longer be acceptable.
MOT scrapped on classic cars
From May 2018, 293,000 cars in Britain will be exempt from having an MOT test.
Under new plans, cars that are over 40 years old won't have to take the annual road safety test.
This means around 1.5 per cent of cars in Britain will not have an MOT certificate, but will be road legal.
The Department for Transport defended the decision from suggestions it was an unsafe move, by saying owners of older cars usually keep them in the good condition and don't use them regularly enough for an MOT test to be necessary.
Laws that could be introduced...
There are several proposals that have been suggested for 2018, but not yet confirmed. Here is a key list:
Your Council Tax could increase
This week, the government relaxed rules on council tax increases - meaning families could see their bills rise by up to £100 a year.
Previously, local authorities could only put council tax up by two per cent thanks to a Government cap and if they wanted to increase it anymore, they had to have a referendum.
But as of March 2018, councils could well raise bills by up to 6 per cent without holding a vote - making it the biggest hike for 14 years.
However, this is a provisional announcement which will be subject to consultation and a final settlement announcement will be made early next year.
Grandparental Leave could be introduced
In 2015, the government announced plans to introduce a shared parental leave scheme which includes grandparents.
Part of the changing dynamic of childcare in the UK, the government estimates there are 2 million grandparents who have stopped work or taken time off to provide care for their grandchildren.
Grandparents will be able to share up to 50 weeks leave with their child in order to care for their grandchildren in the first year after birth.
While the policy is expected in 2018, it has not been officially confirmed by Theresa May's government.
Data Protection
Despite Britain leaving the EU, it's still expected that we will adopt the EU's General Data Protection Regulation into British law in March 2018.
This will impose much tougher punishments for companies that fail to stick to new rules around the storage and handling of personal data.
Thousands of businesses in the UK not only collect personal data, but store and access it online - and it is then used for sales and marketing.
The new law will make this harder - and aims to protect people's data being hacked by cyber criminals.
New Delhi: Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani on Satureday announced an investment of Rs 2,500 crore in Assam in various sectors, including retail, petroleum, telecom, tourism and sports, creating jobs for at least 80,000 people over the next three years.
"Today I am happy to announce five commitments for Assam over the next three years. Reliance will invest an additional Rs 2,500 crore to augment its presence in this market," he said at the inaugural function of the Global Investors Summit 2018 here.
Under this programme, the company will enhance its retail division's outlet to 40 from existing two, while the number of petrol depots will be increased to 165 from the existing 27, he added.
"We are also going to open new offices in all 145 tehsil headquarters across Assam. Our approach has always been to create sustainable livelihood opportunities and have generated 20,000 jobs in Assam," Ambani said.
Assam has always been a low priority market for other telecom operators, but it is a 'Category A' market for Reliance, he added.
"We now target to increase the sustainable livelihood opportunities by five-fold to 1,00,000 jobs," Ambani said.
In the tourism sector, the company's CSR wing Reliance Foundation will partner with Assam government to set up a centre at an university to promote "wildlife protection and eco-tourism", he added.
"In football, ISL is a huge success in Assam. We have decided to establish a top class football academy in partnership with Government of Assam to produce global players from the state," Ambani said.
Reliance Industries has become the largest private sector investor in Assam by putting in Rs 5,000 crore over the last few years, he said.
The company's telecom arm 'Jio' has over 30 lakh users at present and aims to increase it manifold in the coming months, he added.
Complimenting Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal for organising the 'Advantage Assam - Global Investors Summit 2018', Ambani said: "Assam's development potential is limitless. In 50's, the state was a developed one with its per capital income more than the national average."
The Global Investors Summit is happening at an appropriate time with the country also "rising under the leadership of a very popular Prime Minister Narendra Modi", whose thrust on 'ease of living' is touching many other countries, he added.
Ambani also praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his government "presenting one of the best budgets in recent times" by focusing on all segments of the society, including the farmers.
By The Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Monday:
Bluebird Bio Inc., up $30.65 to $201.80
Bluebird and Celgene reported positive results from an early clinical trial of a multiple myeloma treatment.
Apple Inc., up $3.30 to $172.67
Advertisement
The website Apple Insider said the company is delivering new iPhones to customers at a faster pace.
Spark Therapeutics Inc., down $25.66 to $47.72
Spark plunged and competitor BioMarin climbed after both reported data on experimental treatments for hemophilia A.
HSBC Holdings PLC, up 83 cents to $50.20
The bank said the Justice Department will ask a court to dismiss deferred criminal charges after it strengthened safeguards against money laundering.
Scana Corp., down $2.79 to $42.38
The company offered to give the site of a failed nuclear reactor project to a South Carolina utility.
Chesapeake Energy Corp., up 15 cents to $3.83
Oil and gas prices rose as a major North Sea pipeline will be shut down to fix a crack.
Overstock.com, up $9.93 to $55
The online discount retailer accepts payment in bitcoin, and rose as trading in bitcoin futures started.
Canadian Solar Inc., up 54 cents to $17.79
The company said Chairman and CEO Shawn Qu offered to take the company private for $18.47 a share.
Coolest third wheel ever? As Hollywood powerhouse couple Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez enjoyed a romantic weekend in the Hamptons, they added a musical note and a little JT to their Eastern getaway, heading to date night at Saturday's star-studded charity event, Apollo, with none other than Justin Timberlake.
The "SexyBack" singer reportedly spent the evening with the smitten lovebirds, who, per usual, dressed to the nines in coordinating couple's ensembles. While the athlete looked dapper in a navy blue sports coat, draped over a light blue dress shirt, and khaki slacks, J.Lo was dreamy in a sequin romper by Zuhair Murad.
Patrick McMullan via Getty
VIDEO: 8 of the J.Lo-iest Zuhair Murad Dresses from the Latest Couture Collection
Never one to shy away from some extra glam, the 48-year-old went full-on metallic in sexy silver Giuseppe Zanotti sandals and a two-tone gold sequin bag. The pop star opted to highlight her flawless complexion with nude lips, smoky eyes, and relaxed waves, as she mingled with fellow musician Timberlake, who posed with the couple in a cream bomber jacket paired with a casual white T-shirt and black jeans.
Kevin Mazur/Getty for The Apollo
RELATED: J.Lo and A-Rod Attend Their First Wedding as a Couple
Just saying, JT can crash our date nights anytime!
Monday, August 14, 2017
PAPUA NEW GUINEA: An organization dedicated to finding missing WWII soldiers and aircraft located two B-25 American bombers that had been lost in the Pacific for more than 70 years. While the existence of one of the planes had been previously known but never scientifically documented, the other was discovered with the help of historical archives, conversations with locals, and extensive surveying of four square miles of seafloor using sonar scanners, high-definition imagers, and underwater robots. —Jason Urbanus
Facebook has launched a messaging app for kids, a move which will see the social media giant expand their user base to a whole previously under-age sector.
Currently, Facebook and its attendant Messenger app are only open to registrations from people aged 13 and over. However, the new move will open up use of the network to those under 13.
The company have pitched Messenger Kids as a way for children to communicate with family as well as friends, with parents getting complete control over what their offspring see.
The app must be set up by parents who then get the chance to approve what contacts their children have - allaying fears that youngsters might be chatting online with strangers.
The new program will also give Facebook the chance to enter into a consumer age range currently occupied by a small number of apps such as Snapchat.
The new app - currently a “preview” only available in the USA and on Apple's iOS - will allow the 6-12s to video chat and send photos, videos or text messages to friends approved by their parents.
“There's really a gap in the market for a messaging app for kids that also gives parents control,” Facebook spokeswoman Lauren Svensson said.
“We're going to see how kids are using it, and that will allow us to add updates in future versions as necessary.”
Boat covers play a really important part inside the protection of your boat. Buying a boat is actually a heavy investment, and it's also a very valuable asset if you prefer to spend a lot of time on the water. Consequently, your boat calls for full safety from dust, grime, dirt and airborne particles. Get a lot more information about Boat Canopy
A boat cover is definitely an vital accessory for all boats, and it has lots of makes use of. It keeps your boat clean and dirt no cost, and also keeps away dampness and mold. A boat cover saves your boat in the ultra-violet rays from the sun. These rays can be incredibly destructive and harmful for color of the boat. Ultra-violet rays in the sun could be the greatest result in of cracking and weakness of rubber on several components of the boat.
A compatible fitting boat cover can save your boat from animals, particularly nesting mammals, squirrels and rodents, which are continuously browsing for any location to hide. A fantastic boat cover is usually really beneficial and saves valuable money and time. A boat cover also saves your boat from scratches and also other marks, and can execute as an awesome restraint to theft.
There's a wide selection of boat covers available within the industry. Boat covers could be bought in a single of two strategies, custom cover and universal style. Each have positive aspects for the safety of your boat.
A custom cover comes with distinct types, length, width and beam that give an outer shell to your boat. The merits of this cover are straightforward, because it fits tightly and covers the complete region of one's boat. Typically, custom-fit boat covers are preferred over other covers. They could be a bit much more costly when compared with universal covers, but will probably be the very best collection of your choice.
As a rule, a boat cover comes with its warranty period. If a business doesn't supply a warranty, then it shows that the cover isn't of great quality. The fabrics utilised for boat covers are polyester, poly-cotton blend or polyester-canvas. All of those work well. Polyester is definitely the most well-known material since it does not stretch or shrink. However, poly-cotton blend is a mixture of two components, but cotton-canvas blend just isn't extremely very good because it can break down. Boat covers are available in quite a few distinctive colors – the choice of colour depends upon you. Just bear in mind that black covers can grow to be to bring about of harm of electronic components.
In conclusion, a boat cover is an significant accessory for any boat. It not just provides protection in the elements, but in addition assists to preserve the quality of your boat, as a result saving money and time.
SALEM, Va. - Members of two families embraced each other Wednesday, more than a year after a collision changed their lives forever.
A Roanoke man chose not to argue against the charge that he hit and killed another man while driving after drinking alcohol. Evan Andrew Sarver, 23, showed remorse and apologized to Carlissa Brooks-Ashley, the widow of the man he hit and killed in April of last year.
There were many emotional moments inside and outside the courtroom Wednesday. The 10 News crew was speaking with Brooks-Ashley outside the courthouse when Sarver walked by. She called out to him, and his parents walked over to give Brooks-Ashley a hug.
Then, still crying, she walked over to Sarver. The two embraced and spoke through tears for a short time. Ashley said Sarver told her he was sorry. She said she accepts his apology.
“I don't hate him,” she said. “I hold no malice or anything in my heart towards him but I do feel like he should do some time.”
It was the first time the two had seen each other since the collision.
Walter Kenneth Ashley, 71, died in the early hours of April 27 on Williamson Road in the Hollins Area when he was walking home from the hospital.
Brooks-Ashley said she's still devastated by the death of her husband.
“It's just hard having someone ripped away from your life,” she said.
Sarver, who goes by the name Andrew, pleaded no contest Wednesday to DUI manslaughter, which is effectively a guilty plea. It acknowledges that the evidence is enough for a judge to find him guilty.
The commonwealth's attorney said he hit Ashley unintentionally, but the two sides don't agree on whether the collision happened on or off the road.
The prosecution says Ashley died instantly. He had a cut to his aorta, fractured ribs, injuries to his torso and both his arms and both his legs were broken. Ashley's shoes were about 100 feet away from the collision and pictures shown in court show the location of his dentures at the scene.
Brooks-Ashley said it was difficult to hear the description of his injuries once more.
“He took my husband's life,” she said. “His body was mangled and I had to live with that because I had to go identify him.”
She thinks the sentence won't be as long as it should be but she doesn't want Sarver to spend his life in prison. The judge did not set a date for sentencing.
The charge could mean Sarver could spend up to 10 years in prison, according to Virginia law, but it's unclear what his sentence will be after he showed remorse and pleaded no contest.
Sarver admits to drinking alcohol that night, although police say he originally told them that he hadn't had anything to drink.
Ashley was an Army veteran who moved to Roanoke County in May of 2006. He leaves behind four adult sons. His wife said he retired from the Army in 2003 and started working as a certified nursing assistant at Catawba Hospital and Hollins Manor. She said he was a caring man who looked out for his neighbors and his patients.
She said he had almost made it home the night he died.
The commonwealth's attorney said, after the collision around 1 a.m., Sarver returned home at first, but then went back to the scene with his mother.
He told police he thought he hit a deer. Sarver's lawyer said Wednesday Sarver was shocked when he realized he had hit a man.
The commonwealth's attorney said Sarver failed some of the sobriety tests officer performed about two hours after the collision, saying he couldn't balance during some of the tests.
The defense said it will present more evidence at sentencing, adding that Sarver has “true regret” and that it was an “unfortunate accident.”
The judge ordered Sarver to take a substance abuse assessment.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
In another great advert for the GT Le Mans class, the Mobil 1 Twelve Hours of Sebring was a closely fought affair, and it was the Porsche GT Team that came out on top, the #911 of Nick Tandy, Patrick Pilet and Frédéric Makowiecki denying the #25 BMW Team RLL outfit by just over six seconds.
Tandy, a former 24 Hours of Le Mans victor, admitted it was one of the toughest tests on both car and driver on Saturday, but the Porsche 911 RSR was perfect the whole way through, and nothing was going to deny them the win.
“They say that the best victories come from the toughest races,” said Tandy. “Today was such a race. We didn't have the slightest problem over the entire distance and that was the key to our success.
“My last two stints were incredibly intense, especially the duels with the Ferrari and the BMW. We switched to new Michelin tyres during the last pit stop – after that, nothing could hold us back.”
For Pilet, winning Sebring ticked off another historic race the Frenchman has claimed victory in, and he admitted that winning was far from the teams mind after Qualifying, and only the determination of the team made it possible.
“This win was missing from my collection,” said Pilet. “It was a great team effort. The pit crew didn't make one mistake and our strategy was perfect. To celebrate this achievement with my friends Nick and Fred is incredible.
“After the qualifying, victory seemed a long way off. But when you're determined to achieve something and you go for it, you can do it. This race is proof of that.”
Makowiecki feels his success at Sebring was amongst the greatest of his career, and it is made all the better by being one of his favourite, if not toughest, races on the calendar.
“That was one of my greatest successes,” said Makowiecki. “Sebring is my all-time favorite race in the USA and we knew that we'd only have a chance if we as a team didn't make any mistakes.
“It was a really tough race, but that makes this victory all the more special.”
Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
If you only watch the Super Bowl for the commercials, well now you don't even have to watch it at ALL!
If you DON'T want to see this year's Super Bowl commercials then stop now! But…since you've already come THIS far, you probably are ready to check them out…enjoy!
Check out this year's commercials HERE.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Please fill out the information below to Subscribe to Hurleys Media LTD. This will allow you to post comments on articles, get notifications on upcoming events and MORE!
HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — As an important deadline draws near, a major legislative committee debates a third plan for a third casino.
Two casino bills have already passed other committees, now the committee that controls state's cash flow is debating another. The Finance, Revenue and Bonding Committee, the one that decides where the money comes from to fund state government, must vote on a casino bill by the end of this month.
Almost $60 million in slot revenue; the so-called ‘Pequot-Mohegan Fund' goes directly to Connecticut cities and towns. This year, New Haven is slated for about eight million, Cheshire, about two million.
New London and Norwich about 2 million each. That prompted a co-chair of the Finance, Revenue and Bonding Committee to say Monday that this is all about the money.
In addition to protecting the flow of that money, plus close to 200 million dollars to state government, state lawmakers are also concerned about direct and indirect casino related jobs. Because no one disputes that when the MGM casino complex in Springfield opens late next year, a thousand of Connecticut jobs will also be lost.
Even their own expert admits that the Mashantucket Mohegan casino plan for East Windsor won't save all the revenue or all the jobs. “It won't recapture all of the revenue that's going to be
lost to MGM Springfield but it will recapture a significant portion of it,” said Dr. Clyde Barrow, a casino research consultant hired by the two tribes.
MGM says Connecticut can do better with a competitive process rather than favoring the Mashantuckets and Mohegans, and could gross even more revenue with a casino in Southern Connecticut west of New Haven.
Uri Clinton, a corporate Vice President at MGM, said a casino on the shoreline west of New Haven would get them to a valuable demographic.
We really, really, want to have access to that New York market. This provides us with that access.”
It would have to, because such a deal would violate the tribes' exclusivity agreement with the state. They would no longer be required to send the monthly payments to Hartford.
A prominent casino expansion opponent is issuing this warning. “This is an absolute wake-up call; that expansion of gambling, off tribal land, can go anywhere in the State of Connecticut,” said Sen. Tony Hwang (R-Fairfield) who is a member of a group called ‘No More Casinos in Connecticut.'
Casino opponents in East Windsor are working toward a townwide referendum on the tribes plans.
Hanging over all of the casino discussion is Attorney General George Jepsen‘s opinion that any one of the proposals being discussed would be difficult to defend in court and could jeopardize all of the funds the state gets from the tribes.
DETROIT (AP) — The mother of a G League basketball player who died in March after collapsing on the court during a game has filed a federal lawsuit accusing the NBA and the Detroit Pistons of negligence.
Zeke Upshaw played for the Grand Rapids Drive, a G League affiliate of the Pistons. He collapsed during a game at Grand Rapids on March 24 and died two days later.
The lawsuit was filed Wednesday in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The NBA and Pistons are named as defendants, along with SSJ Group and The DeltaPlex Arena. Jewel Upshaw, the player's mother, is the plaintiff, both individually and on behalf of Zeke Upshaw's estate.
The lawsuit alleges that medical personnel at the game failed to attempt lifesaving measures in a timely fashion.
“Remarkably, for much longer than four full minutes, no cardio-pulmonary resuscitation (CPR) was initiated, no chest compressions were started, no oxygen mask was placed on his nose and mouth, no airway was cleared and secured, and no defibrillator sensors and electric delivery patches were attached and secured to Zeke's chest,” the suit says.
The suit also says the defendants failed to provide the G League team “the resources, policies, and procedures reasonably necessary” to prevent or handle Upshaw's collapse.
The NBA, the Pistons and the Drive did not immediately respond to messages seeking comment.
Upshaw started his college basketball career at Illinois State. He graduated with a degree in apparel, merchandising and design. The Chicago native then transferred to Hofstra, where he played in 2013-14. Upshaw was undrafted and played internationally in Slovenia and Luxembourg. He spent most of the last two seasons with the Drive.
© 2018 Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
An East Hampton Town code enforcement officer was fired and his supervisor is retiring after town officials said the officer destroyed a town code violation warning and then lied about his actions.
Arthur Bloom was fired by the town board on Dec. 5, the same day board members accepted the resignation of code enforcement director Elizabeth “Betsy” Bambrick.
“What may have started out as a mistake — issuing and then tearing up the town warning because he thought (or others convinced him) he was too hasty in issuing same — became so much more,” hearing officer Eileen A. Powers wrote in a Nov. 6 employee disciplinary hearing decision.
Bloom, 70, has denied all charges, according to the disciplinary decision obtained Monday. Bloom and Bambrick did not respond to requests for comment.
According to the town investigation, Bloom issued a warning on Oct. 7, 2016, to the owners of a South Fran Street property in Montauk, where contractor Scott Braddick was allegedly illegally working out of his shed.
Bambrick, 56, and Aldi Binozi, a code enforcement officer, told Bloom there was not sufficient evidence of a violation, the decision said. One of the property owners, Rosanna Sisco, had also complained to Bambrick about the violation warning.
Bloom then told Braddick to disregard the warning, and Bloom threw out his copy of it, the decision said. He later denied to the assistant director of public safety, Kelly Kampf, that he had written a warning. His attorney, Paul Levitt, described that response as mistaken, the document said.
Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
At a disciplinary hearing triggered by a union request on Bloom's behalf, Bloom was found guilty by the hearing officer of five personnel charges of incompetence and 10 charges of misconduct, including tampering with public records.
Town employees are required to maintain all documents and notes made in connection with investigations, officials said.
Bloom began working as a code enforcement officer in January 2015 and was suspended in December 2016. He was paid about $53,000 in 2016.
Long Island payroll search Find salaries for local government employees Search by county, town, or city Nassau Suffolk -------------------- Babylon Brookhaven East Hampton Glen Cove Hempstead Huntington Islip Long Beach North Hempstead Oyster Bay Riverhead Shelter Island Smithtown Southampton Southold
He was hired as a part-time fire marshal for Shelter Island Town in June. Shelter Island Town officials did not respond to a request for comment Monday.
Bambrick worked for the town for 28 years. She was paid about $93,000 in 2016. Her last day of work is Friday.
* Court grants 5-day police custody to freelance journalist
* Visa doesn't permit filming political or security issues
* Journalist was shooting documentary in Kashmir - police (Updates with court order; clarifies family name of journalist)
By Fayaz Bukhari
SRINAGAR, India, Dec 11 (Reuters) - An Indian court on Monday remanded in custody a French journalist for five days after he was arrested in the disputed Kashmir region for filming a documentary without permission and violating visa regulations, police said.
The freelance journalist, Paul Comiti, was arrested on Sunday in Srinagar, the main city in Indian-administered Kashmir where Muslim separatists have been waging a violent campaign against Indian rule since the late 1980s.
Comiti held an Indian business visa which did not permit him to make a documentary on political or security-related issues, Senior Superintendent of Police Imtiyaz Ismael Parray told Reuters.
Comiti had met a separatist leader, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq, and filmed protesters throwing stones at members of the security forces, said another senior police official, who declined to be identified as he is not authorised to speak to the media.
He had also met victims of anti-riot "pellet guns" that the security forces use against protesters.
More than 3,800 people have been wounded and one killed by the weapons since a new round of protests against Indian rule erupted last year, with more than 100 partially or fully blinded, official figures show.
"We called him to ask him about his activities, but he refused to present himself before the police," the second police official said.
"He was not authorised to film here because he was on a business visa. He was finally arrested."
Muslim-majority Kashmir is claimed in full but ruled in part by mostly Hindu India and Muslim Pakistan and has been at the heart of nearly seven decades of hostility between the neighbours.
Comiti had asked the defence ministry for permission to film in Kashmir, but it had been denied because he was on a business visa, said the second police official.
A French Embassy's consular official based in New Delhi met Comiti at the police station in Srinagar, police said. An embassy spokesman was not available for comment.
An insurgency by separatist militants raged in Kashmir through the 1990s and into the 2000s but it had died down more recently.
But the killing by the security forces of a young, popular separatist leader in July 2016 sparked a new wave of protests by a new generation in India's only Muslim-majority state.
India's interior minister said last year the government planned to reconsider the use of the pellet guns to control crowds, after the multiple casualties stirred public anger and condemnation by rights groups. (Editing by Malini Menon, Robert Birsel)
NEW YORK - A senior North Korean official made a rare visit to the United States on Wednesday for talks about a possible summit between the leaders of the two countries but the sides appeared far apart on the central issue of Pyongyang's nuclear weapons.
Kim Yong Chol, a close aide of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and vice chairman of the ruling Workers' Party's Central Committee, arrived at New York's John F. Kennedy airport on a flight from Beijing. He was later seen entering a hotel in midtown Manhattan.
Kim Yong Chol is due to meet with US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Wednesday and Thursday to discuss whether to go ahead with an unprecedented meeting between US President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim.
The summit, originally planned for June 12 in Singapore, has been cast in doubt as the two countries - which have technically been at war since the 1950s - test each other's diplomatic mettle.
As the US and North Korean officials prepared for their first encounter in New York on Wednesday evening, Pompeo repeated the Trump administration's demands.
"Looking forward to meeting with Kim Yong Chol in New York to discuss @Potus potential summit with Chairman Kim. We are committed to the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula @StateDept," Pompeo said in a Twitter post.
Trump last week called off the summit after North Korea expressed anger at comments by senior US officials. But Trump later said he was reconsidering his position and US, North Korean and South Korean officials have gone ahead with summit preparations.
The White House said on Wednesday that negotiations at the demilitarized zone along the border between North and South Korea for the summit were going well and that it expects the historic meeting to take place on June 12.
Kim Yong Chol's journey to the US caps a frenetic few days of meetings between North Korean and American officials.
An AFP photographer saw Kim Chang Son, Kim Jong-un's de facto chief of staff, in Singapore Tuesday for preparatory discussions there.
Mr Kim Chang Son, the de facto chief of staff of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, flew into Singapore on Monday night and is believed to be staying at The Fullerton Hotel. Photo: The Straits Times
The key task is to settle the agenda. The main stumbling block is likely to be the concept of "denuclearization" - both sides say they want it, but there is a yawning gap between their definitions.
'DENUCLEARIZATION'
Trump has sworn not to allow North Korea to develop nuclear missiles that could hit the United States and wants North Korea to "denuclearize," or get rid of its nuclear arms.
But the leadership in Pyongyang is believed to regard nuclear weapons as crucial to its survival and has rejected unilaterally disarming.
The US official said the US position remained that Pyongyang must agree to complete denuclearization before it can receive any financial assistance, such as relaxation of some economic sanctions, new food or other aid, or new investment, and that the degree of assistance would depend on the pace and extent of Pyongyang's actions.
North Korea's position going into the meetings with Pompeo in New York, meanwhile, was that a pledge of denuclearization alone should open the way to economic relief, said the official, who is familiar with the talks and spoke on condition of anonymity.
South Korea's Yonhap news agency quoted Seoul's Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon as saying in a speech on Wednesday that the differences between North Korea and the United States on the denuclearization issue remained "quite significant" and it would not be easy to narrow the gap.
However, Cho added that the engagement of the leaders of the two countries meant "chances are high that common ground can be found." Kim Yong Chol is the most senior North Korean official to meet top officials for talks in the United States since Jo Myong Rok, a vice marshal, met then-President Bill Clinton at the White House in 2000.
A former military spy chief, he has played a central role in the thaw in relations over the past six months between North Korea and South Korea, as well as the United States.
During his tenure as a senior intelligence official, Kim was accused by South Korea of masterminding deadly attacks on a South Korean navy ship and an island in 2010. He was linked by U.S intelligence to a cyberattack on Sony Pictures in 2014.
North Korea denied any involvement in the attack on the ship and on Sony Pictures.
North Korea defends its nuclear and missile programs as a deterrent against what it sees as US ambitions to overthrow its leadership and unite the Korean Peninsula. The United States stations 28,500 troops in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-1953 Korean War.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Parts of Huntingdon Road are closed due to a water leak.
Huntingdon Road inbound, the right-hand lane has been coned off at the junction with Victoria Road.
Cambridge Water are at the scene making emergency repairs.
The road was shut earlier this morning rush hour, but reopened around 9am.
It has re-closed to complete the repairs.
It is not yet clear what the source of the leak is.
Only short delays have been recorded so far, but drivers are being made aware of the disruption.
For updates follow our traffic and travel live blog.
(Image: Google)
Sick of always being stuck in queues?
Stay one step ahead of the Cambridgeshire traffic with our Cambridge Traffic and Travel Facebook page.
No ads, no spam, just the latest breaking traffic and travel news direct to your Facebook feed, wherever you are.
It's all you need to keep moving while you're out and about, with the latest news and updates from our Cambridge newsroom.
To get to the front of the queue simply click to join the group here .
Make note of the name Etzanoa, a long-lost city. Donald Blakeslee says he's found it.
The discovery could put south-central Kansas on the map as the second-biggest settlement of Native Americans found in the United States, Blakeslee said. And it's now, finally, the known location of a 1601 battle pitting outnumbered Spaniards firing cannon into waves of attacking Indian warriors.
Etzanoa has remained a mystery for 400 years. Archaeologists could not find it. Historians thought reports of a permanent settlement with 20,000 Native Americans in it were exaggerated.
But here in Arkansas City, at the confluence of the Walnut and Arkansas Rivers, Blakeslee, an anthropologist and archaeologist at Wichita State University, has found evidence of a massive town stretching across thousands of acres of bluffs and rich bottomland along two rivers. What clinched it was the discovery, by a high school kid, of a half-inch iron cannonball.
He even found a still-functional water shrine, depicting communication with the spirit world, carved into a limestone boulder in Tami and Greg Norwood's backyard.
It's a good story, all true, Blakeslee said: A lost city, a forgotten mythology — and the story of the once-great Wichita Nation, decimated by European diseases, then pushed aside by American settlers and the United States Army.
Amazed by the size
With the discovery, Arkansas City leaders are hoping to turn their town into a tourist destination.
“We always knew we once had a whole bunch of Indians living around here, because we had found way too many artifacts to think otherwise,” said Jay Warren, an Arkansas City council member. “But we had no idea until Dr. Blakeslee came along about how big it was.”
Etzanoa might have been comparable in size to Cahokia, Blakeslee said. That alone should bring world attention.
The Cahokia Mounds State Historic Site in western Illinois, with its pyramid Monk's Mound, is the biggest Native American urban complex ever built in the United States. It showcases the 14.4-acre mound that was the centerpiece of the ancient city, along with the outlines of the city, enclosed by fortress walls and filled with shrines of a powerful mythology and culture outside St. Louis.
Cahokia — the remnants of the largest pre-Columbian settlement north of Mexico — attracts 400,000 visitors a year, a fact that gets the attention of Arkansas Citians. If Etzanoa was bigger, “and it might have been,” that will rewrite American history, Blakeslee said.
“The Spaniards were amazed by the size of Etzanoa,” Blakeslee said. “They counted 2,000 houses that could hold 10 people each. They said it would take two or three days to walk through it all.”
But for four centuries, the story of a big Native American town in Kansas made no sense to historians.
When French explorers came in the 1700s, 100 years after the Spanish battle, they met only migratory bands of Kanza, Wichita, Pawnee, Kiowa, Cheyenne and Apache tribes.
So historians read the Spanish accounts and raised questions: If there were a permanent mega-site named Etzanoa, where was the huge accumulation of pottery shards?
And where did those tens of thousands of people go? Twenty thousand, as the Spaniards estimated in 1601, is equivalent to modern-day Derby, Liberal or Hays.
And how could Plains hunters feed tens of thousands day after day? Bison are dangerous. The Wichita had no horses and hunted on foot.
And where were the Spanish cannonballs, fired by outnumbered and terrified Spaniards?
The battle
For years, Blakeslee, 73, had read the accounts of soldiers who served under the Conquistador Juan de Onate, the founding governor of the colony of New Mexico. Onate's soldiers said they fought a battle 60 years after Coronado, somewhere in the Great Plains.
The battle reports said Onate led 70 soldiers from New Mexico and found a vast town at the junction of two rivers.
Warriors on the outskirts threw dirt into the air as the Spanish approached, signaling they were ready to fight. “The Rayados,” Onate called the Wichitas — “The striped ones,” from the way they painted and tattooed their faces.
The Spaniards entered the town, and the Wichita fled, thousands evacuating to the north.
Onate sent armed patrols into the empty town.
What his soldiers saw unnerved them. They told Onate they'd counted 2,000 big beehive-shaped homes — clusters of these homes surrounded by cornfields. Nervous about the size of the place, they turned around. Indians told them later that the settlement extended for miles past where the Spaniards stopped, meaning the true population might have been higher than the 20,000 Spanish estimates.
Onate turned his men south — and came face to face with hundreds of warriors, firing arrows and charging at Onate's small Spanish troop.
The attackers were Escanxaques, a tribe enemy to the Wichita. They had come to attack Etzanoa — and now attacked the Spanish.
Sixty of the 70 Spaniards were wounded. Their four cannons saved them, clusters of iron bullets fired from cannon-like shotgun blasts, whistling into trees and boulders. The Escanxaques, stunned, regrouped in a rock-lined ravine, but then charged repeatedly uphill to attack before finally backing off.
Cannonballs confirm
It was a high school kid, Adam Ziegler, who made the link that cinched the verification of Etzanoa.
Blakeslee says artifacts he and Ziegler found in the past two years show the old stories were true, and that between the years 1450 and 1700, at least 20,000 ancestors of today's Wichita Nation thrived in and near what is now Arkansas City.
Blakeslee realized the confluence of the Walnut and Arkansas rivers could be the one described by the Spanish. He found traces of houses and granaries. He's walked over much of Arkansas City and saw that the ravines and bluffs fit the Spanish accounts.
After locals like Hap McCleod told him people had been digging up “literally tons” of flint tools and clay pottery shards for generations, Blakeslee dug up his own shards, flint arrowheads, knife blades, hide-scrapers and awls.
Two years ago he found a rock-lined ravine in McLeod's backyard that matched the Spanish account of where the Escanxaques regrouped under fire to attack. He took a metal detector there, along with Ziegler, a Lawrence Free-State High School freshman.
“They couldn't find anything that day,” Ziegler recalled. “Dr. Blakeslee said I could use his metal detector. An hour or two later, I found the little ball, buried four inches deep.”
Blakeslee found two more Spanish cannonballs.
That did it, Blakeslee said. The old story was true.
Tough beyond belief
Blakeslee says the Wichita were wronged by fate, disease epidemics and war. He's going to try to set right what he can.
Smallpox and other illnesses killed probably tens of thousands after 1600, he said.
War and relocation forced survivors to Oklahoma reservations. The tribe lost most of its culture. The tribe's last fluent speaker of the Wichita language, Doris McLemore, died last year.
The Wichita were organized, cultured — “and tough almost beyond belief,” he said.
They and their Wichita cousins in Quivira, in Rice County, built a trade network with ancestors of the Pueblo Indians in New Mexico. They strapped 50-pound packages of dried meat and hides to themselves and their pack dogs, and walked 550 miles to the Pueblos. They'd then walk back, bringing home cotton fabric, obsidian and turquoise.
They had no horses. The women and children likely helped hunt bison, Blakeslee said, forming lines and waving hide blankets while driving bison toward warriors carrying bows and arrows. “Think of the courage that took,” Blakeslee said.
They cultivated beans, maize (corn), pumpkin and squash. They slaughtered bison meat and hides on an industrial scale. The men likely scouted, walking miles a day, shadowing herds. The women used flint hide-scrapers to thin down bison hides. “From doing that all day, they probably had the toughest fists,” Blakeslee said. “You'd never want to get in a fistfight with a Wichita woman.”
Intrigue, concern
Modern-day Wichitas number about 3,000, based now in Anadarko, Okla., said Gary McAdams, who has held several leadership positions with the Wichita and Affiliated Tribes.
The Wichita are intrigued — and concerned — by what might come next, McAdams said. Blakeslee has consulted with them for years, telling what he's found, inviting them to visit sites at Arkansas City and at the 160-foot-long serpent symbol still visible in the pasture grass in Rice County. Wichitas have helped on some of his digs.
“We would have some concern about how they go about developing their thinking about Etzanoa as a tourist center,” McAdams said. “We are supportive of any respectful endeavor they want to pursue there — but would want to provide our input.”
Jay Warren, a city council member, says the town will explore development.
Cahokia, in Illinois, attracts 400,000 visitors a year, but mostly because of how striking the 100-foot-tall Monk's Mound looks, and because it's located next to St. Louis and Interstate 70.
Arkansas City, in contrast, has pastureland.
But Civil War battlefields don't have a Monk's Mound either, Warren said. “And yet they attract thousands of visitors by doing a great job with walking trails and signs that explain step-by-step what was going on.”
If Arkansas City with its 12,000 people could attract 20,000 students, archaeologists and tourists a year, it would give the city a boost, said McLeod, in whose backyard Adam Ziegler found that cannonball. McLeod now runs the Etzanoa Conservancy, and has worked for two years to polish ideas. “We're really proud that all this history happened here, and we want to share it with the world,” he said.
“We're not talking about putting together a one-day wonder,” Warren said. “We're looking at creating something that could be great for the region, and for 50 years and more down the road. We're talking with (Unified School District) 470 about how it could enhance education. And we think the site could also be a hands-on field training facility for archaeologists from all over the world.”
They could build an interactive visitor center, he said. They could build reconstructions of the grass houses and granaries the Wichita used. They could employ flint-knappers who could show how skilled craftsmen made arrowheads and knife blades.
Etzanoa would have been beautiful, McLeod said. The river bluffs south of Arkansas City look like picture postcards. The bluffs and hills pour out clear spring water from dells and nooks.
McLeod drove up recently to the tallest point in Arkansas City — where the city's golf course clubhouse sits.
Blakeslee had told him that's where Caratax, the Wichita chief in 1601, probably kept his home.
“You can see 360 degrees in any direction from here,” McLeod said.
“And it's all beautiful.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hate crimes against children in Cambridgeshire are on the up, with one girl saying she's called a “terrorist” and made to feel like an outsider at school.
Figures obtained by the NSPCC from police under Freedom of Information laws show that 77 hate crimes against children were recorded in Cambridgeshire last year, up from 68 in 2015/16.
(Image: Daisy-Daisy)
Some young people contacting Childline said the abuse and negative stereotyping was so cruel they had self-harmed or the bullying inside and out of school made them feel isolated and withdrawn from society. Others said they no longer wanted to go to school because they were worried about the abuse they would face.
One 11-year-old girl said: “Everyone at school hates me, they call me names like 'paki' and say that I'm a terrorist.
"They bully me because of the way that I dress, I don't want to wear my headscarf to school anymore because it makes me stand out, but I could never tell my parents that.
'It's heartbreaking that children are targeted because of their race, culture or nationality'
“I just want to make friends at school and for people to like me, but it's really hard when I feel like an outsider.”
Today (March 20), Childline is launching its new Understanding Me campaign amid fears children are suffering in silence from physical bullying, verbal abuse, cyberbullying and racist name calling because of the colour of their skin, religious beliefs or their accent.
'I feel like an outsider'
The campaign, which includes a film ‘Think You Understand Me?', challenges xenophobia and prejudice, empowering young people to speak out about racial bullying and discrimination and seek help should they need it.
NSPCC CEO Peter Wanless said: “It's heartbreaking to think that some children are targeted by bullies because of their race, culture or nationality. Racist jokes and negative stereotyping can be hurtful and leave young people feeling isolated and ashamed of who they are or where they are from.
“Our Understanding Me campaign aims to reach out to all children who are experiencing racial or faith based bullying and make sure they know that they are not alone. No child should suffer in silence and anyone is targeted must be supported to tell someone and ask for help.”
Any child worried about bullying can call Childline on 0800 11 11.
Any adult who is concerned about a child can call the NSPCC Helpline on 0800 800 5000.
A BRISBANE man got the shock of his life after discovering a gold mine in his suburban backyard.
It was certainly not in the fine print that he was sitting on a gold mine when he took over the property located just 20km from the Brisbane CBD, according to Anthony Doolin.
He was out exploring his 16.5 hectares of land when he literally stumbled upon the mine shaft.
Mr Doolin had 16.1 hectares to explore.
"We weren't told about it, we just found it there one day," Mr Doolin said.
"I nearly fell over, I just pictured Indiana Jones and underground railroads."
Seller Anthony Doolin stumbled across this entrance to the gold mine on his property.
After some research, Mr Doolin discovered the mine was one of many in the area.
"There was a lot of mining at the turn of the century and in those hills there are quite a few little mines," Mr Doolin said.
"It's about six metres deep and the old ironbark is still intact."
Although Mr Doolin was tempted to find out if there really was "gold in them thar hills", he never got around to it, getting his mum to sell the property for him.
The house has five bedrooms, two bathrooms and a four-car garage.
Though he had initially wanted about $300,000 more than he paid for the property, it eventually sold $1.35m last week - the same price he had paid three years ago.
His mother Jane Doolin said it had been a difficult task trying to price the property.
"People seem to move in there and not sell very often (but) it was a damn good investment block because they had commercial sheds that could be rented out," Ms Doolin said.
Cat Island – This Orange Creek resident 27-year-old Rodrigo Rolle is the man police have charged in connection with the murder of 74-year-old Janice Kissinger, an American woman who lived on the island.
Rolle was changed yesterday in connection with her murder and pleaded not guilty. Rolle was recently released on bail for another murder.
If found guilty in both incidents it would mean the accused killed twice and might be released on bail a third time.
We report yinner decide!
We've said it numerous times: fans of the Jacksonville Jaguars are some of the boldest in the league. One fan in particular who goes by the username @jnoog89 on Twitter further proved that this weekend when he asked Tennessee Titans quarterback Marcus Mariota to sign his Blake Bortles jersey at this week's Super Bowl experience.
Needless to say, Mariota elected to pass, but the fact that @jnoog89 asked should give Jags some comic relief this week after enduring a heartbreaker in the AFC Championship.
“Had to let him know [wherever] he goes Duval will be there,” he said on his Twitter page.
Though the Titans defeated the Jags in both of their regular season meetings, Jags fans got the last laugh as the Jacksonville was able to bring in their first AFC South Championship title. The Jags were also able to outlast the Titans in the playoffs, making it all the way to the conference championship.
The drip irrigation systems market in MENA region is mainly backed by the rising water scarcity and need to increase agricultural productivity in the region. The demand for drip irrigation systems is expected to witness strong growth during the forecast period due to high water efficiency of these systems as compared to the conventional irrigation techniques.. In addition, drip irrigation helps in reducing the water wastage due to evaporation, as water is directly applied to the plant root. This is one of the most important advantages of these systems as compared to the sprinkler irrigation systems. Due to these advantages of drip irrigation systems, the demand for these systems is predicted to soar substantially during the forecast period.
In 2013, agriculture segment accounted for the largest share in terms of revenue in the MENA drip irrigation systems market. The demand for these systems was mainly due to the strong agriculture sector in countries such as Israel, Turkey, Iran, Egypt and others. Drip irrigation systems enable high agricultural productivity in comparison to other irrigation techniques. Thus, with rising agricultural development in MENA region, the demand for these systems is estimated to grow substantially.
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=4409
Furthermore, countries such as Morocco, Qatar, Sudan and others are focusing on development of their agriculture sector in order to increase their agricultural productivity. Through this, these countries plan to reduce their dependence on food imports and achieve self-sufficiency in food production. With growing efforts for increasing domestic food production, the drip irrigation systems market in the region is predicted to witness strong growth during the forecast period. Furthermore, greenhouse production is expected to rise substantially in the coming years for production of different vegetables, fruits and other crops. Since drip irrigation systems are the most suitable form of irrigation for greenhouses, the adoption of these systems in this application is estimated to grow substantially during the forecast period.
On the basis of components, the drip irrigation systems market in MENA was dominated by the tubing segment. Currently, round tubing account for the largest share, in terms of revenue, in the MENA drip irrigation systems market. This is majorly due to high popularity of these tubing for drip irrigation systems in the region. However, due to various advantages such as high durability, resistance for wear and tear and cost effectiveness of flat tubing, the demand for this segment is predicted to rise substantially during the forecast period.
The Middle East and North Africa drip irrigation systems market shows strong competition among the existing players in the region. The market is fragmented in nature with significant number of global as well as regional players. In order to sustain competition, the majority of the drip irrigation manufacturers focus on strengthening their distribution networks across the region.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/drip-irrigation-systems-market.htm
In 2013, the Middle East accounted for the largest share of around 72% in terms of revenue in the MENA drip irrigation systems market. This was largely due to the high penetration of drip irrigation systems in countries such as Israel, Turkey and Iran. Moreover, due to high water scarcity in the region, the demand for drip irrigation systems is expected to remain strong in the Middle East during the forecast period. Furthermore, North Africa is expected to witness the highest growth in the adoption of drip irrigation systems during the forecast period. The high growth is expected to come from countries such as Morocco, Egypt and Sudan. The demand for drip irrigation systems in these countries is expected to be mainly supported by agriculture and greenhouses applications.
The Rock has his third Rockette.
Dwayne Johnson took to Instagram on Monday to show off his chest full of tattoos and his new baby girl in a hospital skin-to-skin contact moment.
"Blessed and proud to bring another strong girl into this world," he wrote. "Tiana Gia Johnson came into this world like a force of nature and Mama @laurenhashianofficial labored and delivered like a true rockstar."
It's the second child and second girl with Hashian. The actor also has a 16-year-old daughter with former wife Dany Garcia.
"I was raised and surrounded by strong, loving women all my life, but after participating in baby Tia's delivery, it's hard to express the new level of love, respect and admiration I have for @laurenhashianofficial and all mamas and women out there," Johnson wrote.
He urged all dads to participate in the births of their children, offering support during labor and delivery. And he made a promise to his new baby that, "you have my word, I'll love, protect, guide and make ya laugh for the rest of my life. Your crazy dad has many responsibilities and wears many hats in this big ol' world, but being your dad will always be the one I'm most proud to wear."
BOSTON — Ben Harpur had played a grand total of five National Hockey Leagues games before stepping into the playoff spotlight for the Ottawa Senators on Monday.
What's the big deal? By the standards of the opening-round playoff series against the Boston Bruins, that made Harpur a seasoned veteran.
The Bruins' lineup for Game 3 included one player with two NHL games under his belt (Charlie McAvoy) and another with three (Tommy Cross).
The way things had gone, the Senators-Bruins series should carry a health warning for defencemen. Colin Miller and Adam McQuaid went down for the Bruins and Mark Borowiecki for the Senators.
Considering that Torey Krug and Brandon Carlo were injured before the end of the regular season, the 27-year-old Cross is the back-up to the back-up to the back-up to the back-up on the Bruins' depth chart.
“I've played playoff hockey in the American Hockey League (with Providence), but never in the NHL,” Cross said before the puck dropped for Monday night's contest at TD Garden. “It's the same thing down there. It ramps up a level and I think that suits my game.”
Good luck. Staying healthy, that is.
Just in case yet another defenceman goes down, the Bruins also called up Matt Grzelcyk from Providence. The 23-year-old had played precisely two NHL games.
Was it any wonder that Bruins coach Bruce Cassidy labelled his defence “a bit of a puzzle” on Monday morning?
Cassidy was crossing his fingers that Cross could handle the situation as well as 23-year-old substitute Joe Morrow did in Game 2 in Ottawa on Saturday. He would also be well served crossing his legs and maybe even his eyes, hoping for some luck to return.
“It's a tough situation to come into, but, at the end of day, it can be very positive for an individual to come in that situation,” Cassidy said.
The good fortune for the Bruins was that McAvoy had shown the poise of a player with extensive NHL experience, trailing only 40-year-old Zdeno Chara in average ice time for Games 1 and 2.
“I got to play with him for three or four games (in Providence) and he's a real good player to play with it, he makes it easy for his partner,” Cross said. “What everybody says is true: He has great gifts with the puck, he skates really well and it has been fun to watch him do well here after watching him for a couple of weeks in Providence.”
While the appearance of Cross and Morrow in the Bruins lineup was somewhat surprising, Senators head coach Guy Boucher wasn't shocked that McAvoy and Harpur were on centre stage quicker than might have been expected.
“It's a new trend, it has been like that for a few years,” Boucher said. “People say a team has to have young players because of the salary cap, but the reality is the young players are more prepared than ever before.”
Boucher said the conditioning of young players was often off the charts.
“They've had personal trainers since they were 10 years old. That's why the speed of the game has increased so much. I call it the machine generation. Those (young) guys have really pushed us into a new era.
“Whatever they haven't learned mentally, you have to put them on the ice. Their capacity to adapt to the fast pace and the fast thinking, those guys have it.”
So far, the injuries in the series have come primarily on defence.
Should the Senators lose a few forwards, though, 20-year-old centre Colin White — another of the new-era players Boucher was referring to — could also enter the playoff picture.
kwarren@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/Citizenkwarren
BRUINS DEFENCE FOR GAME 3
Regular Playoff
Season Games
Games
Zdeno Chara 1,350 144
John-Michael Liles 836 43
Kevan Miller 217 14
Charlie McAvoy 0 3
Joe Morrow 65 2
Tommy Cross 2 1
SENATORS DEFENCE FOR GAME 3
Regular Playoff
Season Games
Games
Dion Phaneuf 902 35
Erik Karlsson 556 32
Marc Methot 579 22
Cody Ceci 284 9
Chris Wideman 140 3
Ben Harpur 5 1
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The order provides for fleet software sustainment that includes engineering and technical support for the V-22 flight control system and on-aircraft avionics software; flight test planning; and coordination of changed avionics and flight control configuration, the Defense Department explained.
Bell and Boeing will also upgrade the planning of V-22 avionics and flight controls, including performance of qualification testing and integration testing on software products, the announcement added.
The V-22 Osprey flies farther and faster than traditional helicopters, overcoming traditional combat theater challenges. Its high speeds allow for rapid rescue of downed pilots and its longer range would allow for seamless fleet repositioning in a prospective Asia-Pacific theater.
However, the V-22 has had at least seven hull-loss accidents resulting in at least 36 fatalities. Thirty fatalities occurred during testing between 1991 and 2000, and at least six other fatalities occurred in combat after the craft became operational in 2007.
MARTINSVILLE, Va. - Martinsville police say 31-year-old Katelia Beal fatally stabbed her boyfriend, 29-year-old Michael Lightfoot, in the chest around 4 a.m. Sunday at their apartment on Blankenship Road after getting into an argument.
Beal is charged with second-degree murder.
Police say there is no history of domestic-related calls between Beal and Lightfoot, but neighbors tell investigators that they have heard "disturbances" coming from the apartment.
"The first thing is to let someone know," said Southside Survivor Response Center Domestic Violence Advocate Jeanne Hodges, when asked what to do if you or someone you know is in an abusive relationship.
She says any time you suspect someone may be in an abusive relationship, tell someone, especially if you know the person you suspect of being in the abusive relationship.
"First and foremost, if you're a friend or family member of that person," Hodges said, "be empathetic. Listen to their situation."
Hodges said intimate partner domestic violence is on the rise nationwide.
"We are seeing more intimate-partner violence, whether it be female or male," Hodges said. "(We're) also seeing an increase in familial domestic violence as our population seems to age, our baby boomers start to age, we have more adult children that are living at home with their parents and are serving as caretakers."
According to the latest data from the state attorney general's office, in 2015 there were 55 intimate-partner homicides.
That number increased at least 2 percent a year since 2011.
There were 20 family domestic violence homicides in 2015, down from the peak of 24 in 2012.
As of Monday, it was unclear if there was any domestic violence between Beal and Lightfoot prior to the stabbing.
Hodges said there are signs to look for, though, that can indicate that someone is in an abusive relationship.
"Any time someone's in a relationship where they feel that the individual is trying to dictate their behavior," Hodges said. "If they demonstrate any possessiveness or ownership over that individual, blame you for their problems or their behaviors."
Police say Beal is cooperating with the investigation.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teacher who regularly had drunken romps in his sex dungeon office and defrauded his school of over £100,000 has been sentenced to four years in prison today.
James Stewart, 72, who was headteacher of Sawtry Village College, used public funds and claimed expenses for “special adaptations” to his office to create a “sex dungeon”.
The extent of the privatisation of the office was discovered when a roofing contractor spotted a “large purple vibrator” through the office skylight.
On further inspection it was discovered that Stewart had created a bespoke office suite designed for his sexual liaisons with his married secretary Christine Laxton.
The office was also found to contain multiple sex aids including a finger clitoral stimulator, drawers full of condoms and wet wipes as well as other seedy items including another drawer full of penis straws, cards depicting various Kama Sutra acts, a game called "saucy charades" and shelves stacked with booze.
It was described as having a “seedy smell and had locks on the inside”.
Mrs Laxton called it "the inner sanctum" and it was decked out in bespoke furniture and had its own separate dining, kitchen and bedroom areas.
During one school holiday the site manager of the school Peter Evans said Stewart and his secretary Mrs Laxton appeared and demanded access to the school, Huntingdon Crown Court was told today (October 6).
Mr Evans, in a statement read in court today, claimed the sounds were like "the Benny Hill show" as Stewart chased his PA around the office.
Staff say the only sign of Stewart would be sounds of laughing sounds when Stewart was in his office with Mrs Laxton, along with clear sounds of a “sexual nature, rhythmic moaning and banging.”
He could also be heard serenading her on his electric piano and they would be seen in a dishevelled state with red wine stains around their mouths when they eventually appeared.
Stewart was so rarely seen that when asked who he was by an Ofsted inspector who pointed at Stewart, one Year 11 student replied “just some random old bloke”.
Stewart's erratic behaviour saw him habitually leave school early, once being seen on TV at Newmarket races when he had left with his secretary earlier in the day "to attend a meeting".
Mr Stewart also claimed his “day to day living expenses to the school” including his phone bills, home broadband, home TV and even £3,000 on oysters and wine.
Staff called Mr Stewart a “racist, sexist, fattist bully” who undermined them and put staff morale at an all-time low.
Charles Myatt for the prosecution said Stewart's acts had a high impact on Sawtry Village College, which had its reputation damaged severely by Stewart's acts and finances damaged by his reckless spending.
Since his guilty pleas Stewart has repaid in full the more than £100,000 he stole, which his lawyer described as "the mark of someone facing up to what he's done".
Angus Bunian, mitigating for Stewart, said: “It took some courage to admit all of these offences. His pleas speak to his complete acceptance of his wrongdoing here.”
He continued: “Mr Stewart wants me to offer his apologies to the governing body, the staff and the community of Sawtry including the pupils.
“He's had time to reflect and wants to convey he is under no illusion of the effect on all these people and groups."
Mr Bunian continued: “Stewart has been active in the church since the events and running church programmes.
“He is not wholly bad. There was a period of time where he was rather out of control for whatever reason and he will have to pay for that.
“Not every single problem at this school can be placed on his door.”
Judge Bridge said: “I have no doubt for a considerable length of time after your appointment in 1985 you were an effective principal, but for the last five years things went very badly wrong.
“You made fraudulent expenses claims totalling more than £80,000.
“Those were amounts you incurred on your own private credit cards, items for your own use, a wide range of goods and services.
“You were charging the school your everyday expenses despite your considerable salary.”
Stewart earned over £120,000 in his final year as principal.
“You had a cozy relationship with your assistant principal and head of governors and were able to get the claims signed off with no problems.
“Being bullying, overbearing and superior gave you the power you need which you then sought to exploit,” Judge Bridge continued.
His co-defendant Alan Stevens, who was Stewart's deputy at the time of the offences, was also in court today to receive sentence to two counts of fraud totalling £364.59.
Mr David Swinnerton, mitigating for Stevens, said: “In short he's now 64, at the time of investigation he was not at work. He has a history of tongue cancer and had half of it removed in May 2014.”
Stevens was off work receiving treatment when he was arrested and he was diagnosed with heart failure in 2017.
Mr Swinnerton added: “Mr Stewart was controlling and autocratic and described by the crown as persuasive.
“Mr Stevens says he didn't have the courage to challenge the dominance of Mr Stewart and just kept his head down."
He said Stevens feels he was “a naive idiot and duped”, with Stevens on occasion signing blank cheques for Stewart.
“Obviously they were not in it together,” said Mr Swinnerton, who says evidence shows Stewart forged Stevens' signature.
Stevens pleaded guilty to the fraud but his expenses were described by Judge Bridge as “a drop in the ocean” compared to Stewart's.
Judge Bright: “Your offending is on a much smaller scale.
“You were in awe of Stewart. You did his bidding and were aware of fraud and in due course, let yourself make claims to which you were not entitled.”
Stevens was sentenced to 24 weeks in prison, suspended for 12 months and ordered to do 80 hours of unpaid work during that time.
President Trump on Monday authorized his top trade official to look into whether China is guilty of intellectual property theft, a move that could eventually lead to trade sanctions.
Trump called his action "a very big move" against practices that cost our nation "millions of jobs and billions and billions of dollars each and every year."
He cited not just the theft of intellectual property such as computer software, but also Beijing's requirement that U.S. companies turn over proprietary technology as a condition of entering China's markets.
"We will safeguard the copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property that is so vital to our security and to our prosperity," Trump said at the White House. He was flanked by U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and members of his economic team.
Monday's steps were very preliminary, and analysts say that it could be a long time, if ever, before significant trade sanctions are imposed on China.
Eventually, it could lead the administration to initiate what's called a Section 301 investigation, a sanctions mechanism that's part of the Trade Act of 1974.
Section 301 was widely used in the 1980s under the Reagan administration, but subsequent presidents have chosen to hear trade disputes at the World Trade Organization.
Matt Gold, a former deputy assistant U.S. trade representative, told NPR that Section 301 can be imposed unilaterally and is generally seen as quicker than the alternatives, such as the WTO.
"It saves time," he said. A WTO case "would take a few years for us to bring it to a WTO panel, get a decision, then it will get appealed to the WTO appellate body. Then we get another decision. Then we have to go through another WTO process to get authorization for specific types of trade barriers. ... So it can take a few years to get the WTO authorization."
The White House move was applauded by technology groups, which have long complained about intellectual property theft. The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation issued a statement saying "for too long China has flouted the spirit, if not always the letter of its commitments under the WTO and other agreements."
Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, said launching the investigation sends a strong signal to China that it will be held accountable if it doesn't work with the United States to level the playing field. But he said the Trump administration needs to go further to address dumping of products such as steel.
"We need to follow through with meaningful action and that means the president needs to get serious about trade enforcement, especially on steel," Brown said.
But there are risks to the White House approach. Carolyn Freund, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, says U.S. companies that try to do business with China could get hurt in several ways.
"China is likely to retaliate with tariffs on their own of U.S. goods, and then U.S. companies will be further hurt in China," she said. "It won't lead to anything positive."
In an editorial on Monday, the state-run newspaper China Daily said the investigation will "poison" relations.
But Freund also points out that for all of Trump's rhetoric about China while on the campaign trail, the White House so far has been slow to take action against unfair trade practices. Trump backed off of labeling China a currency manipulator for instance, and a long promised report on steel dumping has been delayed.
She says that's because it's one thing to talk about steel tariffs, but imposing them hurts other U.S. manufacturers, such as automakers and appliance companies.
Mumbai: Aamir Khan took up the PadMan Challenge by posting a pic which shows him holding a sanitary napkin in his hands. Twinkle Khanna had challenged her Mela co-star and he gladly accepted it.
The challenge is a part of the promotion campaign of Akshay Kumar starrer PadMan directed by R Balki. The challenge aims at breaking the taboo related to menstruation.
The challenge also requires people to nominate others to spread the word.
Aamir tweeted:
“Thank you @mrsfunnybones
Yes, that's a Pad in my hand & there's nothing to be ashamed about. It's natural! Period. #PadManChallenge. Copy, Paste this & Challenge your friends to take a photo with a Pad. Here I am Challenging @SrBachchan , @iamsrk & @BeingSalmanKhan (sic).”
Thank you @mrsfunnybones
Yes, that's a Pad in my hand & there's nothing to be ashamed about. It's natural! Period. #PadManChallenge. Copy, Paste this & Challenge your friends to take a photo with a Pad. Here I am Challenging @SrBachchan , @iamsrk & @BeingSalmanKhan pic.twitter.com/lY7DEevDmD — Aamir Khan (@aamir_khan) 2 February 2018
Aamir nominated his contemporaries Salman and Shah Rukh besides senior Amitabh Bachchan.
And it would be interesting to see how they respond to Aamir's challenge.
For the unversed, Twinkle Khanna, an author-interior designer and wife of superstar Akshay Kumar has made her debut as a film producer with PadMan.
The film jointly produced by Mrs Funnybones Movies, SPE Films India, KriArj Entertainment, Cape of Good Films and Hope Productions is inspired by Arunachalam Muruganantham, the inventor of a low-cost sanitary pad-making machine that could produce cost-effective sanitary pads for women in the rural belt. The real-life PadMan a Padma Shri awardee, played a key role in creating awareness about menstrual hygiene in the interiors of the country.
PadMan which also stars Radhika Apte and Sonam Kapoor was initially slated to hit theatres on January 25 but the makers postponed the film to allow Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Padmaavat have a solo release on that day.
Now, PadMan will make a splash on the silverscreen on February 9.
The United Arab Emirates will contribute $50.4 million to rebuild a mosque and cherished leaning minaret that were destroyed after the Iraqi city of Mosul was overrun by the Islamic State.
On Monday the UAE, Iraq and the United Nations signed an agreement that Audrey Azoulay, director-general of the U.N.'s cultural agency UNESCO, called "a historic partnership." In a written statement, she said it was "the largest and [most] unprecedented cooperation to rebuild cultural heritage in Iraq ever."
The Great Mosque of al-Nuri was built in the 12th century inside Mosul's Old City. It was named after Nur al-Din Mahmoud Zangi, a Turkic ruler who unified Muslim forces during the Crusades. In July 2014, ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi stood at the mosque's pulpit and declared Iraq and Syria as the terrorist group's "caliphate."
As Iraqi security forces drew closer to Mosul in June 2017, ISIS destroyed the structure and later used the explosion as propaganda, pinning the damage on a U.S.-led coalition airstrike. "Jihadist supporters are using it to blame the West and Americans," Alberto Fernandez, then-vice president of the Middle East Media Research Institute, told USA Today.
Months after Mosul was liberated, the bodies of ISIS fighters still lay in the rubble near the mosque, NPR's Jane Arraf reported in March. Thousands of homes in the city's historic section were in ruins. and people had no electricity or running water.
Only a stump-like remnant remained of the famously tilted minaret known as al-Hadba, or the "hunchback."
"We need services," a Health Ministry employee told Arraf. "They just need to take away the rubble. We need water tankers to come so we can drink clean water. If they get rid of the rubble and repair the streets, a man can rebuild with his own hands."
The Iraqi government has estimated that a minimum of $2 billion is needed to repair crumbling streets and homes.
The UAE funding is earmarked for restoring the cultural landmarks. But Louise Haxthausen, director of UNESCO's Baghdad office, told NPR that the $50.4 million will still help the city. "It will generate employment and allow the inhabitants to develop and acquire skills," she said.
But some Mosul residents pointed to other, more pressing needs. One teacher and photographer tweeted an appeal to "please remove the rotten bodies first."
With a five-year timeline, the first year of the restoration will focus on clearing debris from the site, documenting items and drawing out details for reconstruction. The next four years will focus on the restoration of the mosque and surrounding buildings.
The reconstruction will preserve "the original minaret with its distinctive hunchback lean," Haxthausen said.
A joint committee will supervise the rebuilding efforts, including members of the Emirati and Iraqi Ministries of Culture, UNESCO and the Iraqi Sunni Endowment, according to the Emirates News Agency.
Haxthausen said the restoration is a key part of a flagship UNESCO initiative called Reviving the Spirit of Mosul, which launched in February, to "bring life back to the city."
The UAE and other Gulf countries have recently improved relations with Iraq, Arraf notes. Arab Gulf leaders for years refused to recognize Iraq's Shiite-led government as legitimate.
The game dice we use today are as fair as we can design them - but that wasn't always the case. And now researchers have analysed the history of dice to work out when things changed, and why people didn't care about these probabilities until a certain turning point in civilisation.
Researchers from UC Davis and the American Museum of Natural History have examined 110 cube-shaped dice dating back to the Roman era and found that their design didn't become "fair" until the Renaissance, when scientific thinking started to come to the fore.
The lofty new ideas being developed during the Renaissance trickled down, explained lead author of the study, Jelmer Eerkens of UC Davis.
"People like Galileo and Blaise Pascal were developing ideas about chance and probability, and we know from written records in some cases they were actually consulting with gamblers," he said.
"We think users of dice also adopted new ideas about fairness, and chance or probability in games."
There are two main components that make dice work. The multi-sided shape (for the purpose of this study, the researchers focused on six-sided cubes); and the numbers inscribed on the sides.
Roman-era dice, the researchers found, were a mess when it came to shape. They were made from a variety of materials, such as metal, bone and clay, and no two were shaped entirely alike. Many were visibly lumpy and lopsided, with the 1 and 6 on opposite sides that were more likely to roll up.
It's difficult to know why this was the case, but the researchers suggested that Roman-era dice-rollers either didn't care, or believed providence was determining the outcome of the roll - so the shape of the dice didn't matter very much.
Dice aren't easy to find. They don't usually appear in archaeological sites and in graves, but are found on ancient garbage heaps or cemeteries, or even just by themselves.
As a result, they are pretty tricky to date, which is why the research team only had 110 dice to examine - they looked at hundreds of dice in museums, but only selected the ones that could be accurately appointed a time period.
Eerkens and his co-author, Alex de Voogt of the American Museum of Natural History, have been studying dice design for several years.
Their previous finding revealed that there have been two preferred pip configurations of the 15 possible configurations for a six-sided die throughout the millennia.
In the Dark Ages, between 400CE and 1100CE, dice seem to have grown rare, with relatively few found. They reemerged in the Middle Ages, and at that point were a little more regular in shape.
But the pips were in what is known as the "primes" configuration, popular in Ancient Egypt and Mesopotamia. In this configuration, the pips on opposite sides of a die add up to prime numbers. So 1 is opposite 2, 3 is opposite 4, and 5 is opposite 6.
In the 15th century - around 1450 - dice started to change to what the researchers call the "sevens" configuration. In this configuration, the pips on opposite sides add up to the number 7; so 1 is opposite 6, 2 is opposite 7, and 3 is opposite 4.
This is the configuration still in standard use today.
It may not actually be more fair, but may have seemed so, by separating and "balancing" the larger and smaller numbers on the cube. In turn, this could have led to standardisation.
"Standardising the attributes of a die, like symmetry and the arrangement of numbers, may have been one method to decrease the likelihood that an unscrupulous player had manipulated the dice to change the odds of a particular roll," Eerkens said.
The new research has been published in the journal Acta Archaeologica.
More than 40 years after the original relationship was created, Fila has brought back Hall of Fame tennis player Bjӧrn Borg as a brand ambassador.
The news was revealed in a presentation in Stockholm on Monday.
The partnership between Fila and Borg dates to 1975 when he wore the brand on the court during his impressive career that included 11 Grand Slam titles and five consecutive wins at Wimbledon, from 1976 to 1980. The company even created a White Line collection that was worn and inspired by Borg and designed by Fila's Pierluigi Rolando.
“Fila has a history of aligning with legendary athletes who have made an impact in their sport and beyond,” said Gene Yoon, global chairman of Fila. “It is an honor to welcome Bjӧrn back to the Fila family. As a brand, our DNA is firmly rooted in tennis. Together with Bjӧrn, Fila helped to change the way the world looked at fashion on the court, with a design aesthetic that reflected his distinctive and fearless style of play. That vision and sense of style has never been more relevant than it is today.”
Fila said reuniting with Borg represents its commitment to the sport style space and many of the player's signature looks, from the pinstripe polo shirt to the Settanta jacket are still in demand today.
“Creativity and individualism were hallmarks of my game and my style both on and off the court,” said Borg. “The brand was there for my most iconic moments in tennis and we have always shared a passion for blending performance and style.”
One Nation senator Brian Burston says he will support the government's $35.6 billion company tax cuts, in direct opposition to his leader Pauline Hanson's authority.
Senator Burston says Ms Hanson's about-face to withdraw support for the package, after initially agreeing to back them, has blindsided him and he is a "very principled person" who will honour the deal with Finance Minister Mathias Cormann in March.
"I don't want to cause any angst or division in One Nation, but once I make a handshake with somebody -- that's it. I stick to my word," Senator Burston told The Australian newspaper on Thursday.
Senator Cormann insists the government remains committed to the deal it struck with One Nation.
"The government is very appreciative of the fact that Senator Burston has announced that he will stick to the agreement that was reached," he told reporters.
He again rejected senator Derryn Hinch's idea to cap the tax cuts to businesses with an annual turnover of up to $500 million, so the big banks would be exempt.
The government has 31 senators and needs 39 votes to pass its legislation.
The minister implored Labor to change its mind on the cuts, insisting jobs are created by successful and profitable businesses.
"My message to Bill Shorten is - jobs don't grow on trees," he said.
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Comments
Konstantin Kosachev, head of the international affairs committee of the upper house of the Russian parliament, compared Ukraine's allegations to Britain's claims that Moscow was behind the nerve gas poisonings of a Russian former spy and his daughter in England.
Russia vehemently denies poisoning Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Yulia Skripal.
"The logic is the same — to defame Russia," Kosachev told the state news agency Tass.
Neither Babchenko nor Ukrainian Security Service chief Vasyl Gritsak provided details of how they staged Babchenko's injuries or made his wife believe he was dead.
The movie-like twist came as Gritsak convened the news conference to announce the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko's reported slaying.
He then confused everyone there by inviting the supposed slaying victim into the room.
To applause and gasps, Babchenko took the floor and apologized to the friends and family who mourned him and were unaware of the plan.
"I'm still alive," he said. "I know that sickening feeling when you bury a colleague. I'm sorry you had to go through this but there was no other way."
Before ushering Babchenko into the room for the big reveal, Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who allegedly was paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the hit.
The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn allegedly hired an acquaintance to be the gunman, Gritsak said.
The man allegedly paid to organize Banchenko's killing was detained Wednesday, he said, showing a video of the arrest.
Gritsak said killing Babchenko was part of a larger alleged plot by Russian security services.
The Ukrainian man also was supposed to procure large quantities of weapons and explosives, including 300 AK-47 rifles and "hundreds of kilos of explosives," to perpetrate acts of terror in Ukraine, he said.
Babchenko said he was not allowed to go into the details of his false death. He said Ukrainian law enforcement had been aware of a contract on his head for two months. He said he was approached by the Ukrainian Security Service, or SBU, a month ago.
"The important thing is my life has been saved and other, bigger terrorist attacks have been thwarted," he said.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, fled the country in February 2017.
He spoke and wrote about the need to leave Russia because of threats against him and his family. He said his home address was published online and the threats he received were made by phone, email and social media.
Moscow's annexation of Crimea and support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine were topics on which the journalist was scathingly critical of the Kremlin.
His flight from Russia came several months after he wrote in a Facebook post that he wasn't sorry members of a military band and state television journalists died in a plane crash on their way to Russia's military base in Syria.
Several Russian lawmakers said at the time that Babchenko should be stripped of his citizenship over the comment, and Russian state media called him a traitor.
Ilya Ponomarev, a former Russian lawmaker who also moved to Ukraine, said Babchenko continued being threatened after he settled last fall in Kyiv, where he worked as a host for the Crimean Tatar TV station.
Babchenko did not take the intimidation too seriously, Ponomarev said Wednesday before the fact that the slaying was staged came out.
Ukrainian prosecutor general Yuri Lutsenko lashed out Wednesday at Ukrainian politicians and civil groups who accused the government following Babchenko's faked assassination of allowing contract killings to happen.
Hours before pretending to have been fatally shot, Babchenko wrote on Facebook that he narrowly escaped death exactly four years ago when the Ukrainian military refused to take him on a helicopter heading to the front line in eastern Ukraine. The aircraft was shot down minutes later.
"I was lucky, it was my second birthday," he wrote Tuesday.
Gritsak, the security service chief, ended his remarks Wednesday congratulating Babchenko on his "third birthday."
OCTOBER 4, 2017… Last Saturday, Ronnie Gardner (Riverside, California) served notice to the competition by sweeping the Light Up the World Beverages USAC Western States Midget event at Bakersfield Speedway. The defending four-time champion and point leader set fast time, won his 8-lap heat race, and led all 30-laps to earn his third victory of the season.
With an invert of zero drawn for the feature, Gardner started on pole position and got the jump on fellow front row starter Shannon McQueen. McQueen stayed within striking distance early, but Ronnie managed to shake free from the field and extend his lead. Charging from ninth and subbing for Cory Elliott, Michael Faccinto slid past Gardner for the top spot after a late race restart. Gardner countered, reclaimed the lead, and stormed to the twenty-second series win of his career. Faccinto, Robert Dalby, David Prickett, and Frankie Guerrini rounded out the top-five drivers.
Piloting the Six8 Motorsports' #68 PAC Springs / Wilwood Springs Stewart, Ronnie Gardner out-qualified the twenty-car roster, earning his third Woodland Auto Display Fast Time Award, and won the night's Extreme Mufflers Heat Race #1. Extending his point lead to 103 points, Ronnie has posted three feature wins, four heat race victories, eight top-10 finishes, and 72 feature laps led on the year.
Michael Faccinto (Hanford, California) earned the night's Esslinger Engineering Hard Charger / Best Passing Job honors with a second place run from ninth. Racing Mitch Elliott's #11E Capital E Trucking / FK Indy Spike, Faccinto qualified third overall and finished third in his heat race. At press time, last year's Louie Vermeil Classic winner is seventh in the point chase with one feature win, one Woodland Auto Display Top Qualifier Award, one heat race victory, five top-10 finishes, and seven feature laps led.
For the second race in a row, Robert Dalby (Anaheim, CA) scored third at the finish line. Driving the family owned #4D R-D Spring & Stamping / Monster Seal Spike, Dalby was twelfth fast in time trials and won the 8-lap Keizer Aluminum Wheels / Saldana Racing Products Heat Race #3. The young driver left Bakersfield sitting fifth in the standings with three heat race victories, one Esslinger Engineering Hard Charger Award, and six top-10 finishes to his credit.
David Prickett (Fresno, California) had a solid night at Bakersfield with a fourth place run from sixth. Piloting the Neverlift Motorsports' #22Q Crysalli Artesian Water / Mt. Rose Cocktails Spike, Prickett qualified sixth overall and ran second to Robert Dalby in his heat race. The 2012 Dirt Series Champion has climbed to third in points with one heat race victory, one Esslinger Engineering Hard Charger Award, one Light Up The World Beverages Hard Luck Award, and six top-10 finishes on the year.
Frankie Guerrini (San Rafael, California) claimed fifth in the Bakersfield feature. Racing the family owned #63 F&F Racing / Davis Motorsports Spike, Guerrini was tenth fast in time trials and ran second to Ronnie Gardner in his heat race. The 2015 BCRA Champion ranks second in the point standings with one Esslinger Engineering Hard Charger Award, eight top-10 finishes, and 13 feature laps led in the campaign.
Shannon McQueen (Bakersfield, California) drove to victory in the night's Brown & Miller Racing Solutions Heat Race #2. Driving her #7 Simpson Racing Products / Lucas Oil Spike, McQueen qualified second overall and placed sixth in the main event. The 2012 Champion left her hometown track placed ninth in the standings with one Woodland Auto Display Fast Time Award, one heat race victory, and five top-10 finishes on the season.
Everyone with the USAC Western States Midget Series sends their thoughts and prayers to those who lost their lives and were injured in the tragedy in Las Vegas. This includes condolences to the family of Bakersfield Speedway Promoter Scott Schweitzer, who lost his daughter Bailey at the concert.
LIGHT UP THE WORLD BEVERAGES USAC WESTERN STATES MIDGET SERIES RACE RESULTS: September 30, 2017 – Bakersfield, California – Bakersfield Speedway
WOODLAND AUTO DISPLAY QUALIFICATIONS: 1. Ronnie Gardner, 68, Six8-12.729; 2. Shannon McQueen, 7, McQueen-12.805; 3. Michael Faccinto, 11E, Elliott-12.919; 4. Courtney Crone, 25, Rodela-12.925; 5. Robby Josett, 2, Josett-12.985; 6. David Prickett, 22Q, Neverlift-12.999; 7. J.J. Ercse, 9E. Dodenhoff-13.092; 8. Mason Daniel, 33M, Daniel-13.173; 9. Sterling Cling, 6K, Kruseman-13.175; 10. Frankie Guerrini, 63, Guerrini-13.177; 11. Danny Faria Jr., 46, Brutton-13.270; 12. Robert Dalby, 4D, Dalby-13.328; 13. C.J. Sarna, 20, Sarna-13.376; 14. Landon Cling, 12K, Kruseman-13.446; 15. Clayton Ruston, 7R, CR-13.524; 16. Ron Hazelton, 15, Hazelton-13.649; 17. Terry Nichols, 1P, Nichols-13.674; 18. Bryan Drollinger, 71, Drollinger-13.790; 19. Jake Vermeer, 87, Vermeer-NT; 20. Kyle Beilman, 31, Beilman-NT.
EXTREME MUFFLERS FIRST HEAT: (8 laps) 1. Gardner, 2. Guerrini, 3. Ercse, 4. Crone, 5. Sarna, 6. Vermeer, 7. Hazelton. NT
BROWN & MILLER RACING SOLUTIONS SECOND HEAT: (8 laps) 1. McQueen, 2. Daniel, 3. Josett, 4. L.Cling, 5. Nichols, 6. Beilman, 7. Faria. NT
KEIZER ALUMINUM WHEELS / SALDANA RACING PRODUCTS THIRD HEAT: (8 laps) 1. Dalby, 2. Prickett, 3. Faccinto, 4. S.Cling, 5. Ruston, 6. Drollinger. NT
FEATURE: (30 laps –With Starting Positions) 1. Ronnie Gardner (1st), 2. Michael Faccinto (9th), 3. Robert Dalby (3rd), 4. David Prickett (6th), 5. Frankie Guerrini (4th), 6. Shannon McQueen (2nd), 7. Robby Josett (8th), 8. Landon Cling (11th), 9. Mason Daniel (5th), 10. J.J. Ercse (7th), 11. Courtney Crone (10th), 12. Sterling Cling (12th), 13. Clayton Ruston (15th), 14. C.J. Sarna (13th), 15. Kyle Beilman (17th), 16. Bryan Drollinger (18th), 17. Ron Hazelton (19th), 18. Terry Nichols (14th), 19. Jake Vermeer (16th), 20. Danny Faria Jr. (20th). NT
———————–
FEATURE LAP LEADERS: Laps 1-30 Gardner
ESSLINGER ENGINEERING HARD CHARGER: Michael Faccinto (9th to 2nd)
LIGHT UP THE WORLD BEVERAGES USAC WESTERN STATES MIDGET POINT STANDINGS:
1. Ronnie Gardner-670, 2. Frankie Guerrini-567, 3. David Prickett-530, 4. Cory Elliott-514, 5. Robert Dalby-508, 6. Courtney Crone-501, 7. Michael Faccinto-451, 8. Randi Pankratz-404, 9. Shannon McQueen-400, 10. Mason Daniel-322, 11. Maria Cofer-321, 12. Terry Nichols-298, 13. Robby Josett-297, 14. Shane Golobic-286, 15. Jake Swanson-269, 16. Chad Boat-249, 17. C.J. Sarna-243, 18. Clayton Ruston-219, 19. Alex Schutte-216, 20. J.J. Ercse-194.
2017 LIGHT UP THE WORLD BEVERAGES USAC WESTERN STATES MIDGET SCHEDULE
DATE-TRACK-LOCATION
October 14: Petaluma Speedway – Petaluma, CA
October 28: Ventura Raceway – Ventura, CA
November 18: #Bakersfield Speedway – Bakersfield, CA
November 23: #Ventura Raceway – Ventura, CA (Turkey Night Grand Prix)
———————————————–
# = Co-Sanctioned Event with USAC National Midgets.
This schedule is subject to change.
———————————————
ATTACHED PHOTOS/IMAGES:
#68 Ronnie Gardner Wins at Bakersfield Speedway. Photo by Lance Jennings.
We've heard of sister cities — loose connections with other locales around the world, created for camaraderie or political motives. But, it's likely that partnerships between different countries, centered around the cross-cultural exchange of artistic ideas and crafts, are not on everyone's radar. These partnerships offer rich and exciting transitions for artists across the globe. They also catalyze the delivery of fresh ideas back to the artists' respective communities.
One such cross-cultural organization that enjoys a fairly intimate connection with the Denver art scene, without garnering much attention, is La Napoule Art Foundation (LNAF), based on the coast of the Mediterranean in France. Never heard of them? We hadn't either. But as it turns out, Denver artists are reveling in what La Napoule has to offer, and for good reason.
La Napoule Art Foundation
“The story of La Napoule is an art love story,” executive director of LNAF, Tonya Quinn, explained. It started with an American couple, Henry and Marie Clews, who moved to the French Riviera before the two world wars to live and create together as artists. When Henry died in 1934, Marie buried his sculptures and stayed at their refurbished Château amidst occupying Nazis, hoping to save the art and the property from ransacking. In 1951, the Château started as a nonprofit art foundation, where Mrs. Clews invited artists of all types to visit, create and exchange ideas with other artists. In their lifetimes, the Clews were progressive, boundary-pushing and resilient people who, despite the rich classical artistic history of the area, wanted to encourage artistic disruption from classical styles.
When artists visit La Napoule for a residency — a four-week program in the spring and fall each year — they encounter a historic castle-like structure on an eight-acre property. Up to nine other artists share the space, working in various locations around the grounds. All artistic expression is welcome, bringing together writers, painters, musicians, filmmakers and everything in between. Although a project proposal is necessary to apply to the residency, LNAF waives the requirement to finish the project and instead encourages artists to do what they do best — be creative.
The connection of LNAF and Denver was strengthened when the great-granddaughter of Henry and Marie, Natasha Gallaway, moved here with her family. Because of her relocation, the headquarters of the foundation moved to Denver as well. The list of artists who visit La Napoule for the residency has always been heavy on cultural meccas like New York or various cities in Europe — simply because those artists knew about it and applied more frequently. But, Denver artists have now become a mainstay of the foundation. And sometimes in these artists' careers, a decisive change in style, practice or influence reveals itself — from before La Napoule and after.
The Artists
To write the entire list of Denver artists who have participated in the residency would be lengthy, to say the least. One of the first Denverites to travel to France was revered painter Emanuel Martinez — who went in the '80s. But within the last few years alone, 14 creatives took the voyage across the pond. Visual artist Senga Nengudi, sculptor Dmitri Obergfell, installation artist and painter Susan Cooper and poet Jodie Hollander, among many others, traveled to the Château in recent years. Upon returning to Denver, these artists bring back with them a new attitude to their creative practice.
Thomas Evans — aka Detour — most recently returned from the March residency, invigorated with his experience. “It was very interesting to see how art is integrated over there, how museums are free to visit and you're constantly surrounded by classic work,” he explained from his studio in RedLine shortly upon his return. “Being able to learn about the art community in Europe while working on some of my own things was really informative too. Plus, I met artists from all over the world, worked with them, traveled with them.” During his stay, though he originally planned to work on his new wave of audio-visual experiments, a firm contacted him to paint portraits of David Letterman and Jay-Z for Letterman's new Netflix show. Because LNAF prefers to nurture the artists in any direction they choose to take, Evans seized the opportunity to complete the portrait project and not work as heavily on his sound installations.
Before Evans, in October 2017, slam poet and Westword MasterMind award winner Michael Acuña — aka Ill7 — went to La Napoule for the residency and then returned and participated in an outreach program for Denver Public Schools (more on that later). About the residency at La Napoule, Acuña said, “it exposed me to artists from around the world that engaged art from a different perspective. I was with artists from Israel, Italy, Bulgaria and India. I feel the experience exposed me to how the rest of world approaches art and it made me want to push the boundaries of what the norms in hip-hop and spoken word are, past the clichés we tend to gravitate [toward].”
At the same time as Acuña, Denver-based photographer Jeff Hersch was exploring his own creative practices as one of the other resident artists. He and Acuña collaborated, with Hersch photographing Acuña in various locations around the Château. Those photographs went on to supplement Acuña's spoken word work, a project set to release this summer.
One of the upcoming artists preparing to visit the Mediterranean for their own artistic voyage is Bianca Mikahn — a Denver native who does a little of everything, from hip-hop to poetry to youth mentorship and activism.
Sure, going to France for four weeks to create in peace with a foreign sea lapping at your doorstep sounds amazing, but what does this do for Denver aside from elevating these artists' personal experiences? The answer is twofold — one, Denver artists return with a refreshed set of inspiration to create with, bringing new ideas to the city and two, LNAF offers artists a chance to influence children in Denver Public Schools (DPS). However, it should be noted that no obligation exists for artists to participate in the French residency in order to help at DPS or vice versa.
Visiting Artist Program
On top of the art residency program that sends artists to the Château, LNAF also set down deep roots in Denver for the last half decade with their Visiting Artist Program. “La Napoule partners [artists] with Denver Public Schools to give thousands of children meaningful, gallery-level art projects — shared with the greater community,” executive director Quinn detailed.
“We create partnerships with a school (and in Senga Nengudi's case, The Delores Project, a shelter in Denver for women) and return with different artists/genres each year to ensure we're meeting the school's needs. We take artist statements from every child, donate all art supplies and produce an exhibition open to the entire community,” Quinn explained. These programs are highly influential to students and are, in some cases, the most stable part of their schooling experience. For instance, Hallett Academy changed principals three times in the four years LNAF has partnered with them.
During those four years, artists Christine Buchsbaum and Michael Acuña went in on separate occasions to speak with and mentor students, curating programs that focused on personal identity in order to allow the kids a certain comfort with reaching into their own inner workings. The upcoming artist to take their places will be Michael Gadlin.
At this time, the Visiting Artist Program operates in eight public schools in Denver. The foundation emphasizes their efforts to connect high-level artists with these programs and they pay both the artists and the teachers a stipend for the semester. It's a genuine effort to bring quality art education and experiences to children, and more specifically, children who may never find the opportunity otherwise. This fall, the program expands with a mental health component, aided by Global Health Disrupted (GHD). Because students feel comfortable enough to share private information during the art programs, La Napoule wants to equip those students with professionals rather than over-worked and under-compensated teachers.
Quinn noted about LNAF's mission, “we believe art is the way to change the world, to make it better.” And though the foundation is a struggling nonprofit, each step they take as an organization is curated around that ethos. It's not about status or even exceptional success — it's about art for art's sake.
How to Participate
“Coming back to Denver, I was surprised at how many people just aren't aware of this possibility,” Evans exclaimed, speaking about the residency in the Riviera. So even though the list of Denver artists who have gone and come back is too long to justifiably include in this article, it does seem like word about La Napoule — both the residency and the DPS program — hasn't spread as much as it deserves.
So how does one participate? First, any type of creative can apply. Second, the foundation only asks that artists “engage in cultural interchange and the creation of art that impacts the world for the common good.” Third, if accepted, you receive a $1,000 stipend for travel and other expenses related to your residency. It only occurs twice a year — in spring and fall — and though the fall application just closed at the beginning of April, the one for spring 2019 should be opening soon. Check on this website for more details about upcoming residencies.
Another way to involve yourself — if you lack the means or the desire to travel to the Château — resides in the Visiting Artist Program at one of the public schools. These programs run on a four-week schedule at various times during the school year. Find information to apply for that here.
These Denver artists are changing the very landscape of creativity in the city by participating in La Napoule's various programs. When they travel to a historic location with a long history of artistic expression and intermingle with artists from around the world, they experience something that Denver can't provide for them. And then they return, thankfully, with the vigor and validation necessary to continue succeeding in a field too often overlooked as a passion rather than a purpose.
